===== 2024 Q4  (2025-03-19 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Jeremy Brooks, Chief Accounting Officer and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Brooks: Good morning, and thank you for joining our fourth quarter earnings call. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that during this call, we will make forward-looking statements with respect to future events and financial performance, including annual guidance for fiscal '25 and our long-term outlook. We believe these statements reflect our best estimates. However, we cannot make any assurances these statements will materialize, and actual results may differ significantly from our expectations. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any of these statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after today's call. Additionally, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. These measures should not be considered replacements for and should be read together with our GAAP results. A detailed reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure appears in Exhibit 1 to the press release we issued earlier this morning. This call should also be considered in conjunction with our filings with the SEC. Finally, a replay of this call will be available on our Investor Relations website. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer.
Laura Alber: Thank you, Jeremy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the call. I'm excited to talk to you about our results today. Before we get into our results, I'd like to acknowledge the accomplishments of the entire team at Williams-Sonoma, Inc. The results we are about to share with you today reflect their creativity, focus and hard work. We are proud with our strong finish to 2024. In Q4, our comp came in above expectations at positive 3.1%. Also in the quarter, we exceeded profitability estimates with an operating margin of 21.5% and earnings per share of $3.28. In Q4, we saw acceleration in our comp trend despite no material improvement in the housing market. After many quarters of running negative comps, our total comp was positive. And I want to say it again, our total comp was positive 3.1% in Q4, and we outperformed the industry decline of 2% in the quarter. This outperformance was driven by a strong seasonal assortment, effective collaborations and improvement in furniture sales and strong performance in both retail and online. Turning to the full year. Our comp ran down 1.6% with a 5-year comp at 34% positive. In 2024, we delivered a record annual operating margin of 17.9% with full year earnings per share of $8.50. We hit our 2024 annual guidance, which we raised twice in 2024, and we beat Wall Street estimates on both the top and bottom lines. This performance was due to the strength of our operating model, our supply chain efficiencies, our focus on full price selling and cost control from our company-wide financial discipline. As we enter 2025, we are confident that we've laid the foundation for growth and profitability. Even though there are significant macro and geopolitical uncertainties, we are focused on our strategies to deliver in 2025 and beyond. Now let's talk about what those strategies include. First, we believe we will deliver core brand growth due to increased levels of newness and exciting innovation. We are able to differentiate ourselves competitively through our in-house design capabilities and vertically integrated sourcing organization. These differentiators give us a unique ability to offer high-quality products at compelling price points. Also, we recognize housing may not improve this year, and therefore, a key component of our growth strategy is our robust non-furniture assortment that includes inspirational, seasonal and decorative accessories, textiles and housewares. We believe this puts us in a much better competitive position than our peers who are overly dependent on furniture. A key part of our strategy is our outside partnerships and collaborations. These exciting partnerships like Monique Lhuillier in Pottery Barn, LoveShackFancy in our Children's business, Stanley Tucci in our Williams-Sonoma Kitchen business and Marcus Samuelsson in West Elm attract new customers and drive sales with our current customers. Next, B2B is an important growth driver. B2B leverages our strength in design and commercial-grade product offerings. And we have built an incredible book of business the last few years in the commercial space and several industry verticals. Our product offering of design to delivery services is a competitive advantage as we continue to build our project pipeline. And we are off to a strong start with new customers this year. Another component of our growth will come from expansion of our emerging brands, Rejuvenation, GreenRow, Williams Sonoma Home and Mark and Graham. We have the in-house competency and ability to incubate and build new brands. And let me remind you that all of our brands, even our largest, Pottery Barn, were once emerging brands. In addition to these growth strategies, we are focused on offering the best channel experiences. A key investment we are making is in our next generation of design services. The new tools we have launched online and in stores assist our customers in developing design plans for any style or size of home. And we continue to improve these tools. For example, in Q4, we launched our proprietary Shop by Style functionality, which we'll be rolling out across all of our brands. We are also incorporating AI into our digital capabilities like personalized e-mails and customized homepages. We believe we'll be a leader in the use of AI in our operations and in our industry and that AI will be a key component in driving record sales and margin. Also, we are continuing to see improved performance in our stores. Our positive comp in Q4 was primarily driven by retail as a result of our enhanced in-store experience with inspiring new products, improved in-stock inventory levels and next-level design services and events. We continue to unlock the power of our omni-channel services, and this is another area where we are using AI to optimize sales, cost and delivery speed. In 2025, we will also continue our progress in delivering world-class customer service, the perfect order, damage-free, on time, every time. Even with metrics better than before the pandemic and in some cases, record-breaking, our supply chain team continues to challenge the status quo and come up with new ways to reduce costs. In 2025, we will continue to limit out-of-market and multiple shipments to reduce customer accommodations, to lower returns and damages and to reduce replacements. This part of retail execution is often overlooked, but is the key to profitability and customer satisfaction. We believe 2025 will be a year of additional optimization and efficiency, particularly in our new distribution center in Arizona, where we have more to go in terms of unlocking the benefits of cost efficiencies and faster, more automated deliveries. Moving to other earnings drivers. We will be tight on employment in 2025 with a focus on using AI to offset headcount growth. Also in marketing, there is opportunity this year to leverage spend by using efficiencies in our in-house marketing program. In total, we are optimistic for 2025. We are focused on driving positive comps and expanding operational improvements. Even in a difficult environment, our initiatives are gaining momentum, and we are optimistic and confident about our business. Our focus will remain on our 3 key priorities: returning to growth, enhancing customer service and driving earnings. Turning to guidance. Let's spend a minute talking about our assumptions. We aren't planning for any significant upside or downside from the external macro environment. Our guidance reflects what we know today, incorporating our initiatives and the current tariffs of China at 20%, Mexico and Canada at 25% and the additional tariffs on metals and aluminum of 25%. Our guidance does not include any additional tariffs nor does it include a housing recovery. For 2025, we are guiding our comps to be flat to a positive 3% with operating margin between 17.4% and 17.8%. Now let's review our brands. Pottery Barn ran a negative 0.5% comp in Q4, substantially improving over Q3. On a 5-year basis, the brand ran a positive 37.6% comp. In 2024, Pottery Barn significantly reduced promotional activity, improving margin and setting the groundwork for growth with new product introductions and increased collaborations. Looking to 2025, the brand has an exciting lineup of newness and noteworthy collaborations with industry leaders like LoveShackFancy that launches very soon, and we are building on our successful new furniture launches and have an expanded outdoor assortment. Also, we are uniquely positioned in the market with our leading products in seasonal decorating and entertaining and our innovation in textiles and our strength in print and pattern continues. In 2025, another competitive advantage for Pottery Barn is to leverage our domestic upholstery capabilities located in the Southeastern United States. Our Sutter facilities offer high-quality manufacturing with industry-leading delivery times. Sutter services all of our brands, but Pottery Barn has the highest percent to total. Now I'd like to talk to you about our Pottery Barn Children's Home furnishings brands, which ran a positive 3.5% comp in Q4 with a 5-year comp of 24.6%. In 2024, Kids and Teen together ran positive comps every quarter. Success has been driven by our key growth drivers, dorm, baby and collabs. In Q4, we saw record results from our expanded seasonal decor offering as customers came to our children's brands to celebrate the holidays, give gifts and decorate nurseries and dorm rooms. Product collaborations were another highlight with particular strength in the LoveShackFancy, Chris Loves Julia and Rifle Paper collections. Looking to 2025, we have built a powerful pipeline of newness and newsworthy launches. We recently launched Modern Baby in Pottery Barn Kids, offering a fresh aesthetic to the brand. In the weeks ahead, our Pottery Barn Dorm collection will also launch with new looks and a dramatically expanded assortment. Now let's review West Elm. We are thrilled to report a substantial improvement in comp to positive 4.2% in Q4. On a 5-year basis, the brand ran a 21.7% comp. We have made strong progress against our 4 key pillars: product, brand heat, channel excellence and operational efficiencies. In Q4, holiday newness drove double-digit positive comps with strength in both furniture newness and holiday seasonal textiles and decorative accessories and tabletop. We saw improvement in furniture as high-performing new collections came back in stock. Also, lighting was a particular strength for West Elm in Q4. Now let's review the Williams-Sonoma brand. We are thrilled to report a substantial improvement in comp to positive 5.7%. On a 5-year basis, the brand ran a 35.5% comp. The Williams-Sonoma brand built on last year's success with another strong year, driven by retail execution, product innovation, dynamic marketing and collaborations. In Q4, the product assortment for Williams-Sonoma was stacked with great gifts and a complete offering for holiday hosting and entertaining. We saw strength in the cookware, cutlery and electrics categories, led by newness and the popularity of key core items. Our seasonal and decorative accessories also drove results for the bakeware, tabletop, housewares, food and garden businesses. We continued to welcome customers into our stores with exciting events like Celebrity Chef Book Signings. The 100th book signing event of 2024 for Williams-Sonoma was held in Q4 at our Columbus Circle store, and it was coincidentally a sold-out launch party for Martha Stewart's 100th cookbook. Our team was also on site managing the book sales at sold-out auditoriums across the country for Ina Garten's book tour, and we're excited for even more events with our amazing chef partners in 2025. In 2025, we'll continue to celebrate food from around the world. A great example is our Japanese-inspired tabletop collection currently in store, along with our new food collaboration with Celebrity Chef Morimoto. Now I'd like to update you on B2B. Business-to-business had an exciting and record-breaking year, driving more than $1 billion in revenues with a 10% comp with both trade and contract growing in both Q4 and the full year. Q4 represented contract's largest quarter history to date, driving a 12% comp for the quarter. Our multichannel program and our leading assortment of contract-grade products have been key drivers in our accelerated large project growth. Key project wins include our first furniture order for a cruise ship, Royal Caribbean's Utopia of the Seas, Hospitality Work for the Ritz-Carlton, Kimpton, W Hotels and Sheraton and continued momentum in the multifamily space with related companies and Korman Communities. We're excited about the opportunity that B2B has to disrupt an underserved and highly fragmented market. Lastly, I'd like to update you on our emerging brands. As I mentioned earlier, Williams-Sonoma has a long history of creating brands and building them into big businesses. Like we did with West Elm from a concept in 2002 to an almost $2 billion business today, we are pleased with the performance of our smaller emerging brands like Mark and Graham and GreenRow, which had strong positive comps in the quarter. But today, I want to focus on Rejuvenation. Our Rejuvenation brand continues to exceed our expectations with another quarter of double-digit growth. In fact, in the last 5 years, Rejuvenation has driven positive comps in 17 of those 20 quarters, and the business has almost doubled since 2020. In 2024, Rejuvenation's growth was driven by innovative domestically designed handmade products. Core categories, including cabinet hardware, bath hardware and lighting performed exceptionally well. And growth categories such as bath vanities, plumbing, window hardware and organization delivered double-digit comps. Looking ahead to 2025 and beyond, Rejuvenation is well positioned for continued momentum. We currently have 11 stores and are actively looking for new locations. We believe Rejuvenation will be our next $1 billion brand. We are also encouraged by the improvement of the Williams Sonoma Home business. We continue to expand products across categories with introductions of exclusive in-house designs in lighting, textiles and accessories as well as collaborations. We see an opportunity to disrupt the high-end home furnishings market where no key players offer print and pattern like we do. Last, I'd like to talk about our global business. We continue to see strength in our key growth markets, including Canada, Mexico and India. The Canada business continues to grow, fueled by our commitment to enhancing the customer experience, both online and in retail. In Mexico, the holiday season saw continued growth in sales and market share, driven by our inspiring product assortments and personalized service. Our business in India continues to grow, driven by excellence in design services for both retail and e-commerce. And our U.K. business continues to grow as we strengthen our partnerships with John Lewis for West Elm, Pottery Barn Kids and Fortnum & Mason for Williams-Sonoma. In summary, we are proud of our strong execution and outperformance in 2024. Despite an uncertain backdrop, we have been and will continue to be focused on returning growth, enhancing our world-class customer service and driving earnings. We are innovators and operators, and we are set up for a great 2025. Before I hand it over to Jeff, I also want to take a minute to say thank you again to our associates, but also to our vendors and to you, our shareholders. Your continued dedication and support is appreciated. And with that, I will turn it over to Jeff to walk you through the numbers and our outlook in more detail.
Jeff Howie: Thank you, Laura, and good morning, everyone. We are proud to have delivered a strong finish to fiscal year '24, with both Q4 and full year '24 earnings exceeding expectations. Our results reflect the 3 key priorities we focused on in '24. First, returning to growth, as our top line improved to a positive 3.1% comp in Q4, driven by innovation and newness across our core brands, strong comps in our emerging brands and double-digit growth in business to business. Second, elevating our world-class customer service as our supply chain team once again produced efficiencies and most importantly, improved customer service. And third, our focus on driving earnings as we delivered record operating margin and double-digit EPS growth in both Q4 and the full year. Our results this quarter demonstrate the flexibility, strength and durability of our operating model to drive market share gains and deliver highly profitable earnings in almost any environment. Now let's dive into the numbers. I'll start with our Q4 results, followed by our full fiscal year '24 results, then provide guidance for '25. As a reminder, 2024 is a 53-week year for Williams-Sonoma, Inc. So our fourth quarter consisted of 14 weeks. We are reporting our comps on a 14-week versus 14-week comparable basis. All other year-over-year compares are 14 weeks versus 13 weeks. In Q4, the additional week contributed 510 basis points to revenue growth and 60 basis points to operating margin. Q4 net revenues finished at $2.5 billion with a positive 3.1% comp. Our revenues came in above the high end of our expectations, driven primarily by strong holiday performance across our portfolio of brands and substantially improved trends in our furniture business. During the quarter, we gained market share even as we increased our penetration of full-price selling. From a channel perspective, our retail stores delivered a positive 7% comp and e-commerce, a positive 1.3% comp. Moving down the income statement. Q4 gross margin came in at 47.3%, 130 basis points higher than last year. There were 3 main drivers behind this: merchandise margins, supply chain efficiencies and occupancy. First, merchandise margins improved 40 basis points year-over-year, reflecting lower input costs and our continued focus on full price selling. Second, supply chain efficiencies delivered another 10 basis points of savings in Q4. We continue to realize expense savings across the supply chain from our focus on the customer experience and efficiency in manufacturing, warehousing and delivery. Key metrics, including returns, accommodations, replacements, out-of-market shipping and multiple deliveries per order continued to improve year-over-year. And third, occupancy costs were down 2% from last year and leveraged 80 basis points. Our higher top line leveraged occupancy across both retail and e-commerce. Overall, our higher gross margin this quarter exceeded our expectations. Turning now to SG&A. Our Q4 SG&A ran at 25.8% of revenues, 10 basis points lower than last year. Q4 employment expense was 80 basis points higher year-over-year, primarily from higher performance-based incentive compensation due to our strong EPS performance. In Q4, we continue to manage variable employment costs across our retail stores, distribution centers and care centers, in line with revenues. Q4 advertising expense was 30 basis points higher year-over-year. Our multi-brand portfolio allows us to test into incremental spending, while our data-driven marketing team maximizes the effectiveness of our investment and keeps valuable insights in-house. Our advertising model is a powerful competitive advantage. Q4 general expenses drove the balance of the leverage in SG&A due to our resolution of an indirect tax matter and a favorable insurance settlement. On the bottom line, our Q4 operating margin came in at a record 21.5% or 140 basis points above last year. Q4 diluted earnings per share of $3.28 increased 20.6% above last year. Turning now to our full year results, which again exceeded expectations. Full year net revenues finished at $7.7 billion with a full year comp of negative 1.6%. Importantly, our comp trends gained momentum across the year. That was driven by the ongoing strength in our non-furniture categories, coupled with the improved trend in our furniture business. From a channel perspective, our retail stores delivered a positive 0.2% comp and e-commerce, a negative 2.5% comp. E-commerce on the full year continued to constitute nearly 66% of total revenues. Full year gross margin ended at 46.5%, a 380 basis point improvement over last year. As a reminder, in the first quarter of fiscal year '24, we recorded a $49 million out-of-period adjustment related to freight accruals that benefited operating margin results by approximately 70 basis points on the full year. Without the Q1 out-of-period adjustment, full year gross margin ended at 45.8%. This 310 basis point improvement was driven by higher merchandise margins, supply chain efficiencies and occupancy leverage. Full year SG&A expense increased to 27.9%, up 160 basis points year-over-year. Higher employment and advertising expense was partially offset by slightly lower general expenses on the full year. On the bottom line, we delivered earnings exceeding expectations. Including the out-of-period adjustment in Q1, full year operating margin finished at 18.6% with full year diluted earnings per share of $8.79. Without the out-of-period adjustment in Q1, full year operating margin finished at a record 17.9% and full year diluted earnings per share increased to $8.50, up 14.4% year-over-year. On the balance sheet, we ended the year with a cash balance of $1.2 billion with no debt outstanding. Merchandise inventory stood at $1.3 billion, up 6.9% to last year. Included in our year-end inventory levels is a strategic pull forward China receipts to reduce the potential impact of higher tariffs in fiscal year '25. Now turning to capital allocation. In 2024, we generated free cash flow of $1.1 billion and returned nearly $1.1 billion to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Share repurchases in '24 totaled $807 million or 4.6% of our outstanding shares. And we paid $280 million in dividends to our shareholders, a 20% increase year-over-year. Capital expenditures in '24 totaled $222 million as we continue to invest in our long-term growth. Speaking of returns, our fiscal year '24 return on invested capital of 54% is among the best in the retail industry. Summing up our '24 results, we are proud to have delivered strong earnings for our shareholders. These results reflect the efforts of the entire team at Williams-Sonoma, Inc., and I'd like to thank our talented team for delivering these outstanding results. Now let's turn to our '25 outlook. First, some housekeeping. As I've mentioned, 2024 was a 53-week year for Williams-Sonoma, Inc. In fiscal year '25, we'll report comps on a 52-week versus 52-week comparable basis. All other year-over-year compares will be 52 weeks versus 53 weeks. The additional week contributed 150 basis points to revenue growth and 20 basis points to operating margin to full year '24 results. Additionally, in the first quarter of fiscal year '24, we recorded a $49 million out-of-period adjustment related to freight accruals that benefited operating margin results by approximately 290 basis points in Q1 and 70 basis points on the full year. Our guidance for fiscal year '25 will use our fiscal year '24 results without the out-of-period adjustment as a comparable basis. Looking ahead to fiscal '25, the macroeconomic and policy environment is unpredictable. Our focus is on what we can control, executing on our 3 key priorities: returning to growth, elevating our world-class service and driving earnings. We're confident in our growth strategies, and we see opportunity to drive earnings from additional supply chain efficiencies and savings across SG&A. Our guidance assumes no meaningful changes in the macroeconomic environment or interest rates or housing turnover. We expect 2025 net revenue comps to be in the range of flat to positive 3% with total net revenues in the range of down 1.5% to positive 1.5% due to the 53rd week impact from '24. We anticipate operating margins will be between 17.4% and 17.8%, inclusive of the 20 basis points impact from the 53rd week. Regarding tariffs, our operating margin guidance includes the tariff increases implemented as of this call. Specifically, our guidance includes the additional 20% China tariffs, the 25% Mexico and Canada tariffs and the 25% tariff on steel and aluminum. With these tariffs included, we expect operating margin for fiscal year '25 to be in the range of 17.4% to 17.8%. If tariff policy changes, we may need to revisit our guidance estimates. Now turning to capital allocation. Our capital allocation plans for '25 prioritize funding our business operations and investing in long-term growth. We expect to spend between $275 million and $300 million in capital expenditures in fiscal year '25. 85% of this capital spend will be dedicated to driving our leadership in e-commerce, our retail optimization and supply chain efficiency. We remain committed to returning excess cash to our shareholders in the form of increased quarterly dividend payouts and ongoing share repurchases. For dividends, today, we announced our Board of Directors authorized a 16% increase in our quarterly dividend payout to $0.66 per share. Fiscal year '25 will be the 16th consecutive year of increased dividend payouts, which we are both proud of and remain committed to. For share repurchases, we have $1.2 billion available under our share repurchase authorization through which we will opportunistically repurchase our stock to deliver returns to our shareholders. Looking further into the future beyond '25, we are reiterating our long-term guidance of mid- to high single-digit revenue growth with operating margins in the mid- to high teens. Wrapping up Laura's and my comments, we are proud to have delivered strong results for our shareholders that exceeded expectations, and we are encouraged by the momentum in our business. Williams-Sonoma, Inc. remains focused on our 3 key priorities: returning to growth, elevating our world-class customer service and driving earnings. We're confident we'll continue to outperform our peers and deliver shareholder growth for these 5 reasons that remain consistent. Our ability to gain market share in the fragmented home furnishings industry, the strength of our in-house proprietary design, the competitive advantage of our digital-first but not digital-only channel strategy, the ongoing strength of our growth initiatives and the resiliency of our fortress balance sheet. With that, I'll open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Oliver Wintermantel from Evercore.
Oliver Wintermantel: I'm looking for -- within your comp guide of 1% to 3%, how do you see SG&A leverage on a flat comp versus a plus 3% comp? We've seen in 4Q now that you had a positive 3% comp, it was occupancy was nicely levered and SG&A, we saw a 10 basis point leverage. So if you could walk through what the breakpoints were with leverage between maybe a flat and a plus 3% comp?
Jeff Howie: Oli. Thank you for that question. As you know, we don't guide to specific lines or provide guidance by quarter. On the full year, we're guiding operating margin to be in the range of 17.4% to 17.8%. We do expect to see some leverage in SG&A from expense savings that will partially offset the headwinds in gross margin we anticipate from tariffs. I think there's 3 key points when considering SG&A. First, most of our employment sits in our stores, distribution centers and call centers. So it's variable expense that we can flex with top line trends. So as we see more sales, we would expect to be able to hold our employment rate. Second, we see opportunity to leverage AI to drive additional savings, especially in our call centers and certain back-office operations. We're starting to deploy some AI here, and we think there's a good opportunity for us to leverage that. Tough to quantify as it's the early innings, but we're very optimistic about what that can bring in terms of savings. And third, a key competitive advantage of our advertising model is our ability to test across our portfolio of brands and scale or pull back based upon returns. We're constantly evaluating our advertising spend and how we look to spend the next incremental dollar. That's a lever as we see more sales, we can always flex. But here's the key thing. We guide top line revenues and bottom line operating margin because it gives us the flexibility to respond to any changes in the business. And as you've seen, especially in our Q4 results, we know the levers to pull to deliver results.
Oliver Wintermantel: Okay. And then just to follow up on the sales growth. How do you see e-comm versus stores performing in 2025?
Jeff Howie: Yes. Look, we were very pleased with the retail performance in Q4 at a plus 7%. The retail team did a phenomenal job and our brands have great strategies. In terms of the mix between the channels, we don't provide specific guidance, but we do believe that e-commerce will continue to be on the full year, 66% of our total revenues. We're optimistic about where we see both channels in '25, and that's baked into our guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Max Rakhlenko from TD Cowen.
Maksim Rakhlenko: Great. Just curious, so on gross margin for 2025, if we were to ignore tariffs, how much further room do you see across supply chain, product margins and occupancy as well?
Jeff Howie: Yes, Max, a great question. I think that gets to the heart of what's on everybody's mind this morning. Look, our guidance today of 17.4% to 17.8% in operating margin includes the full impact of the tariffs that have been implemented as of this call. That includes the 20% China tariff, the 25% tariffs on Mexico and Canada and the 25% tariff on steel and aluminum. Our expectation, as we look at it is that we expect to see some erosion in gross margin simply from the headwinds we anticipate from these tariffs. But there will also be offsets from supply chain efficiencies in gross margin and savings in SG&A. On supply chain efficiencies, we have a long way to go. We do big and bulky better than just about anyone in this industry, and we do it at scale. We make over 2.4 million in-home deliveries per year. That's about 7,000 a day. And like I said, we do it better than anybody, but we still have a lot of opportunity to improve on things like returns, damages, replacements, on time. There's a lot of opportunity in there, and our supply chain team has done a phenomenal job so far, and they see additional savings that they can harness as they approach '25. And then as we think about SG&A, there's additional offsets in there as well. I just spoke about some of them with Oli's question, but we definitely see opportunity to leverage some employment as we deploy some exciting AI initiatives. And then we see opportunity with ad costs as well. I think the key point here is if you think about the impact of the tariffs, we have covered the full impact within our guidance today of all the tariffs that are implemented as of this call. If it weren't for the tariffs, would the margin be higher? Perhaps. But that's not the reality of today, and we're guiding based upon the facts and trends that are out there in the environment today.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Simeon Gutman from Morgan Stanley.
Simeon Gutman: I'm going to ask 2 strategic questions. First, a little related to the prior one. So gross margin structurally is punching at a much higher level than pre-COVID. You were obviously maybe undervalued before. Can you talk about the structural opportunity for higher product margins? Your business now flipped to positive comp. There's been no real degradation in the structure of margins. So can you talk about it? I know you just touched on it a little bit, Jeff, but thinking about the mix between price and product margin.
Laura Alber: Sure. I'll chime in here. I think Jeff has covered well what our guidance is and what it includes. And I'll repeat what he said in a slightly different way about other opportunities. So the tariffs are in a way, an opportunity for us because of our scale and our capabilities with our supply chain and our exclusive product line. I think you know we design most of what we sell, and it gives us the competitive advantage of being ahead and not being stuck in price wars with people. We also have long relationships with our vendors overseas and our own sourcing organization on the ground, which I don't think any of our competitors have. So we have been anticipating these tariffs for some time now, details of which we didn't know, of course, but we knew that China was going to be squarely in the sidelines. You know we've been moving goods away from China. We've cut it substantially. We intend to continue to cut it substantially. That's not just an intention that's in progress and move things to areas that are cheaper and untariffed, easier to do business in, including moving some things back to the United States, which is exciting for us. I think you remember that we have our Sutter Street manufacturing unit in the southern part of the United States, Southeastern part of the United States, and we make a lot of our upholstery there. We have an incredible workforce, and that product got a lot more appealing now from a margin perspective given these tariffs, and it makes it very hard to compete with us because we have great prices. We have the best quality. Please, if you haven't purchased from Sutter, you should. And also the most competitive part of that is we can do made-to-order in the shortest time in the marketplace. That's a big advantage, big, big advantage for us. But moving back to pricing. We have been testing, we've told you this before, pricing up, pricing down, where is the sweet spot. And in addition to getting some relief from our great vendor partners and moving things to areas that are -- that don't have tariffs or we expect to be less tariffed, we have taken some targeted price increases on items that are either underpriced or that we're overselling, and we're seeing good results from that. We need to be very careful because being competitive is very important to us, but being competitive is not just price to price. It's design and it's quality. And it's really important that all those things are considered when we price things either up or down. But I am pleased to tell you this morning that we are seeing some opportunity in pricing a few things up to cover some of these very extreme costs that have come through as a result to these tariffs. Now on supply chain, the other components of margin, there's all sorts of different beliefs out there about whether ocean comes down from here and whether if demand slows worldwide, that becomes a real tailwind for us. Could be, we haven't baked a lot of that stuff in yet. What we have put in is a nod to what Jeff was talking about in terms of further improvement in returns, replacement damages. We know there's opportunity there. It's a very large number but we also don't want to get ahead of ourselves. So could there be more on those operating lines? There could be. Could there be other surprises? There could be. So when you give guidance, you pick your best case -- your best guess with all the puts and takes, and that's what we gave you today. Remember, last year included an extra week. This year, we obviously don't have that. So that's worth more than I think people expected. But I'm very confident about our ability to outperform this year, especially vis-a-vis our competition. And the truth is whenever there is uncertainty, there is opportunity. And that's what we're excited about this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Zaccone from Citi.
Steven Zaccone: Well, I'm going to ask 2 in 1 here just for time. First, can you just clarify what is your tariff posture kind of embedded in the guide? Because obviously, the situation is very dynamic. So just help us quantify what is the actual impact to gross margin? And then the second is, I wanted to focus just on the consumer because we've heard a lot about some weakness in big ticket discretionary spending as of late. Have you seen anything in your business? And it sounds like your guidance doesn't kind of embed any change in the external backdrop. But how do you think through if the consumer kind of weakens the levers to protect operating margin?
Jeff Howie: Steve, why don't we take the consumer first and Laura will take that, and then I'll take the tariff question.
Laura Alber: Okay. I thought you're going to do the opposite, but I'd be happy to, yes. The consumer -- all I can tell you about the consumer is what we see related to our business I can't speak to what others are seeing. I don't want you to take this and apply it to everything that you guys cover. But what we're seeing is that they are responding to our strategies. And our strategies are to drive our nonfurniture business, which is exciting with our newness across brands and our stepped-up incremental collabs, our non-furniture seasonal holiday decor across brands. We had a double-digit comp on our seasonal holiday decor, and we're off to the races with Easter, which, by the way, there's an Easter shift, which is interesting because it makes things even more confusing, but it is usually good when Easter is later, which it is this year than it was last year, substantially later. And then our emerging brands are clearly outperforming and represent a big opportunity for us. As I said in my prepared remarks, the other opportunities that we see that our consumers are responding to are B2B. We had our biggest quarter ever in Q4, and we don't see that abating. Our design services continue to be a real area of competitive advantage because we know it's hard to decorate a home and particularly online. And we're giving our sales associates better tools, but also our customers better tools to make decisions to furnish their homes online if they can't go to a store. And then our channel strategies using our channels to unlock the power of inventory anywhere and get it to customers quickly. And so these are our strategies, but there are strategies that have been approved by our customers based on what we're seeing in terms of response to them. So I can tell you that the consumer is responding to our strategies, and that gives us confidence and optimism in our guidance.
Jeff Howie: All right. And your other part of your question regarding tariffs and what's in and what's the impact to our operating margin guidance. So our operating guidance of 17.4% to 17.8% includes the full impact of the tariffs implemented as of this call. So just to be super specific because there's a lot of different things bouncing out there. It includes the 20% China tariff, the 25% Mexico and Canada tariffs and a 25% additional tariffs on metals and aluminum. And here's the thing on tariffs, we've always been a leader in proactively responding to changes in the trade environment. It's not our first time at this. Laura and I were both here in 2018 as were most of our management team. Since 2018, we've significantly reduced our China sourced goods from back then in 2018, it was about 50% to about 23% today. And Mexico and Canada are not a material source of production for us, but there is an impact from tariffs embedded in our guidance. To offset the tariff impact, we have an effective 6-point plan, and Laura touched on a number of these in the last question. First one is obtaining cost concessions from our vendors. We're also resourcing goods to lower-cost countries, including out of China. As Laura mentioned, we are passing on targeted price increases to our customers. And I've said earlier in the call, we're identifying further supply chain efficiencies, and we're reducing SG&A expense as well. And finally, we're expanding our Made in USA assortment. The U.S. is already a major manufacturing hub for us. Laura walked you through that. I want to share that it's our second largest source of goods at 18%. So -- and we see opportunity to expand our Made in USA assortment, production and partnerships. So here's the thing. There's a lot of noise on the tariffs. Our guidance includes the tariff increases implemented as of this call, and we've really offset most of the impact from those higher tariffs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Nagel from Oppenheimer.
Brian Nagel: Nice quarter, nice year. Congratulations.
Jeff Howie: Thank you.
Brian Nagel: So the question -- and the first question I'm going to ask, and I apologize because I think this is a bit of a follow-up to the prior question. But just look, there's a lot of chatter out there, broadly speaking. Clearly, Williams-Sonoma has really elevated itself to one of the best performers within your sector, but a lot of chatter weakening demand out there. So the question I have is, could you be a little more specific on coming off of what was a decidedly solid, decidedly strong fourth quarter, Q4, what you're kind of seeing here in the early part of fiscal '25 in Q1? And then as a part of that question, again, there's been chatter that maybe there might be some demand pulled forward within the sector to '24 as maybe consumers starting to anticipate tariffs and we're buying ahead of that. Do you think there's any truth to that, so to say?
Jeff Howie: Brian, so when we think about our quarter-to-date trends, we're about halfway through the quarter and some of our biggest weeks are in front of us. And the Easter shift makes it hard to read the business. I mean Easter is late, very late. It's almost at the end of April, which is, I think, as late as it can fall in the calendar. So it's a little tough to read trends at the moment because that does impact especially our nonseasonal business. But the trends we are seeing are baked into our guidance. While it might not be as strong as Q4, we are optimistic for Q1 and our full year 2025, and that's reflected in our guidance today. In terms of the question of is demand being pulled forward, we have no hard evidence of this. It's -- we've talked about it, but we can't tell if there is or there isn't. What we do see, as Laura mentioned before, is the customer responding to our strategies. particularly around our non-furniture business. Our seasonal businesses have been very strong. Our decorating businesses have been strong. Our collaborations have been strong. And today, we're excited to -- that Pottery Barn is tonight will be launching its collaboration with LoveShackFancy, which is a really buzzworthy brand. And we're also seeing continued strength in Cooking at Home, as demonstrated by the Williams-Sonoma comps. So we can't really tell what is happening with the overall consumer, but we can tell you that our strategies are working, and we have confidence in them as we turn the corner to '25.
Laura Alber: The other thing I want to make sure that we get in before the call is over is that we are seeing improvement in our furniture trend. And I don't know that this is because the industry is seeing that. In fact, I'm not hearing that. But because we brought in so much newness in the fall and summer seasons last year, and we told you that the newness was working, especially in West Elm, we were able to maximize and get in-stock in that newness and add more pieces to those collections that are working. And our proprietary designs allow us to be ahead of what other people are doing. And I think we have a really good handle on the changes in aesthetic that the consumer is looking for across all of our brands. And so that's, I think, really the reason we're seeing furniture improve versus a macro effect on furniture. But it's another reason that we're optimistic about this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Matuszewski from Jefferies.
Jonathan Matuszewski: The first one was on just plans for the store base in 2025. I think a couple of years ago, you unveiled plans to close 25% of the store base over time. Curious how you're thinking about net closures in 2025 and whether that 25% framework is still appropriate based on 2019 store counts? That's my first question.
Laura Alber: Yes, sure. We love our retail business. Our stores are billboards for our brands, and we operate them as profit centers. And they really are the thing that our customers remember. When you think of going to the mall at Christmas, you think of Williams-Sonoma and all those incredible smells and tastes that come out of our stores. That said, we always knew we had opportunity to optimize our retail strategy and have our stores in the best locations. And we have some of the strictest ROI criteria, I think, of anyone in the market. And we have continued to close our lowest performing stores that don't meet our profitability thresholds. In fact, we've closed about 17% of our fleet since 2019. At the same time, we continue to invest in renovations and repositions. And that has been very successful. Our new store remodels are exceeding our expectations. And a good example, if any, I don't know if anyone is from Oklahoma, but our Oklahoma City Pottery Barn store was relocated to a new outdoor lifestyle center. And since opening, this new location is up double digits to the prior location. And that's what we're talking about when we say retail optimization.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kate McShane from Goldman Sachs.
Katharine McShane: I just wanted to check in on incentive comp growth. I think you mentioned it returned in Q4. Just how should we be thinking about that in fiscal year '25? And then our second question was just around West Elm, given the strong sequential improvement in the comp. Do you have any anecdotes on the performance of the broader assortment of non-furniture offerings specifically or any demographic shifts or trends in that brand?
Jeff Howie: Kate, I'll take the incentive compensation question, and then I'll turn it over to Laura to talk about West Elm. In terms of incentive compensation as we look forward to 2025, not guiding that it's going to have a specific impact. We don't guide to specific lines, but not anticipating that would have a specific impact. Here's the thing, we have always been and are a pay-for-performance company. So our incentive compensation ebbs and flows with our performance. If there is an outstanding performance in a year, there may be some impact, but that would mean that we are exceeding our estimates and then therefore, it would be paying for itself. But overall, from a guidance perspective, it's not incorporated, and we'd have to substantially exceed guidance for that to become a factor in the conversation. Let me turn it over to Laura for the West Elm question.
Laura Alber: Yes, sure. Thank you for the question. We are very proud to see positive comps in West Elm in Q4, and it's clear that the initiatives we've been talking about for several quarters are gaining traction. Starting with product, we said we'd bring in more new product. I'm talking double digit, we would go after more collaborations. We have done that and that we'd also go after the seasonal holidays and Christmas, as an example, was quite successful with our relatively small product offer, which begs the question of how much more is there for this year. The second piece is really brand heat, and that comes from just being in the zeitgeist of what people are talking about. And we are doing a lot more with organic social and with our marketing stories and our photography is more beautiful. We have a lot of influencers talking about us. And of course, these collaborations also bring new customers into the brand. And so we're really driving brand heat. And then in terms of channels, we saw opportunities in both channels, both from a retail perspective where we had gotten to quiet when just only furniture to bringing in more little and things that people buy on a regular basis versus just a considered purchase, and that has really helped us drive traffic. And then post-COVID, really restocking the stores so that people could take to go product that they want. This is a real competitive advantage for us because our West Elm stores have big backrooms, and there's not a lot of big retailers out there that let you take something to go that's not a small piece of deck. And that is what we're doing. And you're going to see us continue to do more of that this year at retail in all of our brands based on the success that we are seeing. In terms of digital, we've really substantially improved the photography. Go ahead and look at the imagery on the website, the storytelling, versus a year ago, and you'll see a tremendous change in how we're showing -- we even brought back the catalog last year, which we hadn't mailed in years. And that really is not just for that channel and that piece, but also it makes the brand really hone their storytelling. When you have to put a catalog together, it is my opinion that your site looks better. And then in terms of profitability and operations, just making sure that everything that we're doing is built to last and that there's no packaging damages and all those things. And that has been a key part adding to our supply chain efficiencies that we talked about. It's every brand. It's not just the supply chain team looking at ways to make their product better and make it stick with the customers and not have it come back. So we're excited about what we've seen and what is to come for West Elm.
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Laura Alber for closing remarks.
Laura Alber: Well, thank you all for joining us. Happy shopping, and we look forward to seeing you and talking to you soon. I know Jeff's going to be out and visiting with some of you and look forward to seeing you later in the year myself. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-20 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Third Quarter Fiscal 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the conclusion of the prepared remarks. I would now like to turn the call over to Jeremy Brooks, Chief Accounting Officer and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Brooks: Good morning and thank you for joining our third quarter earnings call. I'm here this morning with Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Jeff Howie, our Chief Financial Officer; and Sameer Hassan, our Chief Digital and Technology Officer. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that during this call, we will make forward-looking statements with respect to future events and financial performance, including our raised guidance for fiscal '24 and our long-term outlook. We believe these statements reflect our best estimates. However, we cannot make any assurances these statements will materialize and actual results may differ significantly from our expectations. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any of these statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after today's call. Additionally, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. These measures should not be considered replacements for and should be read together with our GAAP results. A detailed reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure appears in Exhibit 1 to the press release we issued earlier this morning. This call should also be considered in conjunction with our filings with the SEC. Finally, a replay of this call will be available on our Investor Relations website. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Laura.
Laura Alber: Thank you, Jeremy. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining the call. At Williams-Sonoma Inc., we continue to have strong performance exceeding both top and bottom-line expectations. The third quarter was driven by continued improvement in our sales trends, market share gains and strong profit. Our comp came in at down 2.9% with an operating margin of 17.8%, delivering a 7% increase in earnings per share to $1.96. Also, we bought back $533 million of our stock this quarter and have purchased 4% of our shares outstanding so far this year. Our operating results reflect the operational improvements that we have been focused on all year and the strength of our margin profile. Even in a difficult environment, our initiatives continue to gain momentum and we are optimistic and confident about our business. As a result, we are raising our full year guidance. We now expect full year revenues to come in at a range of down 3% to down 1.5% and we are raising our guidance on operating margin 40 basis points to be in the range of 17.8% to 18.2%. And due to our confidence in our business model and our ability to perform in almost any environment, our Board has approved an additional $1 billion stock repurchase authorization. We continue to be focused on our three key priorities. First, returning to growth. Second, elevating our world-class customer service. And third, driving earnings. Let's start first with returning to growth. Our top-line trend improved over Q2 and even though we ran negative in Q3, we outperformed the industry decline of 7% this quarter. Our better-than-industry performance is a result of our focus on innovation from our products to our design services. We set ourselves apart from the competition with our unique in house design capabilities and vertically-integrated sourcing organization, which gives us the ability to offer high-quality products at compelling price points. It is this price-value balance that allows us to continue to significantly reduce our promotional activity. On the design front, we have been innovating and preparing for the next generation of design services. The new tools that we have launched assist our customers with developing design plans for any size or style of home. In October, we also launched our Shop by Style and Design Boards in Pottery Barn, allowing customers to create and share mood boards online. The next key component of our return to growth strategy is our commitment to improving our channel experiences. We are continuously investing in our proprietary e-commerce technology. We are actively incorporating AI into our capabilities in areas like personalized e-mails and home pages and supply chain decision making. From product discovery and selection to personalization, content, customer care and the final mile, our team is constantly thinking about how to elevate and evolve our best-in-class e-commerce experience. And we are pleased with the strong performance in our retail stores. We have continued to improve our in store experience with inspiring new products, improved in stock inventory levels and next level design services and events. Our retail optimization strategy is working. Our new store locations and designs are driving good ROI and we see continued opportunities to transform our store fleet to be positioned in the most profitable and inspiring locations. Now, let's talk through progress on our second and third key priorities. We continue to make progress improving our world class customer service, which in turn drives earnings and contributes to our strong operating results. Our customer service metrics have improved since Q2 and are all time record levels. Our supply chain team continues to reduce costs by limiting out-of-market and multiple shipments, reducing customer accommodations, lowering returns and damages and reducing replacements. And despite the progress we have already made, we see more margin opportunity ahead, as we continue to drill down on areas for additional optimization and efficiency. Now, I'd like to update you on the performance of our brands. Pottery Barn ran a negative 7.5% comp in Q3. In the brand, we saw improved furniture performance during the quarter. Also, fall new launches were up to last year, driven by the strength of our new furniture offerings and SKU additions to core. Also, the brand continues to see strength in proprietary seasonal offerings. In Q3, we launched Thanksgiving and holiday, representing the biggest offer of seasonal products this year and we are pleased with early reads. The customer is responding to innovation and newness in key collections and our easy decorating updates for the home. We believe there are no lifestyle brands in the market that have seasonal decorating and entertaining offerings like ours. This is a competitive advantage for Pottery Barn that is highly relevant and uniquely positions us in the industry, especially in the fourth quarter. The Pottery Barn children's business ran at 3.8% comp in Q3, marking its third consecutive quarter of positive comps. We saw widespread comp improvement in the quarter with all divisions of the business delivering positive comps with particular strength in the areas of textile and decor. Innovation across our product offering has been key to delivering growth in our kids business. In the quarter, compelling new product introductions in our fall and holiday assortments drove a significant portion of our comp growth. We are seeing success with new furniture, fresh bedding and kid-friendly products to celebrate the holidays. One particular highlight was our success with product collaboration, which has been a strategic focus. We have grown our collections with key partners and are delighted to expand our successful Chris Loves Julia line to span all of the Pottery Barn brands. We also see continued strength in our trending LoveShackFancy partnership. As we look to holiday and the quarters ahead, we have a robust pipeline of new products, exciting partnerships and channel innovation to fuel continued growth. Now, let's review West Elm. West Elm ran a negative 3.5% comp in Q3, a significant improvement from Q2. While macroeconomic factors continue to impact overall consumer demand for furniture, West Elm is proving that, good innovative product will always resonate. Fall newness drove double-digits positive comps and furniture newness in particular was strong. Holiday, which is West Elm's biggest season of new product intros this year is also off to a strong start, with double-digits positive comps in seasonal textiles, kids and furniture. Additionally, West Elm launched a very exciting kids collaboration with fashion pacemaker and children's book author, Eva Chen, in September. The collection bright fashion colors, multifunctional furniture and novelty pieces are driving sales. This collab has secured articles and publications like vogue.com, Architectural Digest, Forbes and New York Magazine. The brand also launched the Halloween capsule collection with Christina Ricci, who was popular with press, our customers and the actresses' large social following. We are thrilled with the momentum we're seeing in the West Elm business, especially the positive trends and newness and exciting collaboration. Now, let's talk about Williams-Sonoma. The Williams-Sonoma brand was essentially flat in Q3. The brand continues to focus on new, exclusive and innovative product offerings. Strength continues in high ticket items in electrics, especially espresso machines and stand mixers. Also tabletop is strong. At the Williams-Sonoma brand, we celebrate great design and quality. We are thrilled to see the consumer and media response to the launch of the new Evergreen KitchenAid mixer. Our customers were quick to embrace the new green base and wood bowl design evolution of the KitchenAid mixer, an item iconic to the Williams-Sonoma brand. The business also benefited from several key collaboration launches in Q3, including the launch of new cookware additions to the popular Stanley Tucci for Green Pan collection, a food collaboration with the world famous Chef, Jean-Georges and the launch of our Thanksgiving partnership with Ina Garten. Ina is on the cover of this year's Thanksgiving catalog, which features an exclusive look at her Thanksgiving menu, recipes and hosting tips. Our team is also proud to be supporting Ina, as the exclusive bookseller on a five city book tour. In addition to her tour, Williams-Sonoma held more than 50 cookbook signings and events in Q3, posting top chefs, influencers and popular celebrities like Bobby Flay, Al Roker and Eva Longoria in our stores. As I said, the tabletop business was also strong in Q3 as people were gearing up for the holiday season and prioritizing eating at home. Williams-Sonoma has launched a robust part of entertaining content marketing campaign designed to drive growth by teaching our customers how to set a table, stock a bar and host a party. We're also encouraged by the improvement of the Williams-Sonoma Home business with expanded products across categories. We've recently launched a collaboration with artist and designer Josh Young, whose beautiful collection for Williams-Sonoma Home features products inspired by popular original art. Now, I'd like to update you on our other initiatives. Business-to-business continues its momentum delivering its largest quarter history-to-date. The business grew 9% in Q3 with contract growing 17%, while trade grew 4%. The contract business represented 36% of the B2B business in the quarter. Project and partner wins this quarter include JW Marriott, Las Vegas, Ritz-Carlton, Papagayo, office projects for Google and Sony, along with our continued work with Sunrise Senior Living, related companies, Hanover and SpringHill Suites. As we move into Q4, we are excited to be ramping up our corporate gifting program along with focusing on our strategic growth opportunities and pipeline development to support our continued growth moving into FY2025 and beyond. Now, I'd like to talk about our global business. We're pleased to report strong results across key markets including Canada, Mexico and India. In Canada, our strong performance across all brands was driven in our design business, B2B and successful Thanksgiving season. In Mexico, our brands continue to gain market share, due to our unique product and service offerings and we are well positioned for a strong holiday season. We're excited to expand our presence with four new store openings in Mexico for West Elm, Pottery Barn and Pottery Barn Kids in early 2025. Our business in India is also growing, demonstrating strength in our design services and an increase in decorating during the festive season. We'll be opening two additional West Elm stores in India during the first quarter of 2025. In the UK, we have renewed our partnership with John Lewis for the West Elm and Pottery Barn Kids brands, and we're also proud to be selling Williams-Sonoma products inside Fortnum & Mason this holiday season. Initial sales are promising and we look forward to the opportunities these partnerships present for enhancing our marketing and brand awareness in this market and around the globe. Lastly, I'd like to update you on our emerging brands. Rejuvenation continued to have strong performance with another quarter of double-digits growth. We are seeing success with both consumer and trade customers. The brand offers high-quality exclusively designed products for your home remodel or refresh and the trend of home updates, particularly in kitchen and bathroom continues and we have increased our assortments and in store presence of these categories. We're also seeing success in furniture and textiles at Rejuvenation. At Mark and Graham, we launched two new incremental businesses in the fall season, Mark and Graham Kids and Mark and Grahama Wedding Shoppe, both of which our customers responded well to. Also the brand just launched their holiday gifting collection with many new in house designed gifts. And we are thrilled to roll out our new collection, Bark and Graham for all of our pet lovers. Please go online and check it out. And finally, GreenRow, our newest brand continues to show strong growth with its unique collection of thoughtfully sourced vintage inspired furnishings. In October, GreenRow launched its first holiday collection with handcrafted and upcycled gifts and decor. The brand continues to inspire with its innovative use of materials and bright optimistic colors. We're excited to continue to grow GreenRow and look forward to new products and partnerships in the coming months. In summary, we're proud of our continued strong results and outperformance at Williams-Sonoma Inc. Our strategy of focusing on returning to growth, enhancing our world-class customer service and driving earnings is working. As we head into the last quarter of the year, we are optimistic and confident. Our stores are set, the music is on, the lights are twinkling and you can smell the aroma of the holidays. This is the time of year when we shine and we welcome you to come visit us at any location. And we sincerely wish you and your family a very happy Thanksgiving next week. Before I hand it over to Jeff, I also want to take a minute to say thank you to our teams, our vendors and all of our partners for their continued dedication and contributions to our company's performance. We are grateful for all of you. And with that, I will turn it over to Jeff to walk you through the numbers and our outlook in more detail.
Jeff Howie: Thank you, Laura, and good morning, everyone. We're proud to report results that surpassed expectations on both the top and the bottom-line, marked by sequential improvement in top-line trends, ongoing market share gains and robust earnings performance. Our results this quarter reinforced the five key drivers underpinning our profitability. First, our e-commerce sales mix with its higher operating margin sustained at 66% of total revenues. Second, our retail optimization strategy delivering 3% less occupancy expense than last year, inclusive of additional technology and supply chain investments. Third, our emphasis on full price selling contributed to our 130 basis point improvement to last year in merchandise margin, even as we gained market share. Fourth, our ongoing opportunity to achieve cost savings from supply chain efficiency, producing a 100 basis point improvement to last year in selling margin. And fifth, our ability to control costs to manage our bottom line profitability. Our results this quarter demonstrate the flexibility, strength and durability of our operating model to drive market share gains and deliver highly profitable earnings in almost any environment. Now, let's dive into the numbers. I'll start with our Q3 results and then provide an update on guidance for 2024. Net revenues finished above expectation, coming in at $1.8 billion with a comp of negative 2.9%. We gained market share, as we outperformed the industry, which declined by approximately 7%, even as we continued to reduce our overall level of promotion in the quarter. Our Q3 comps improved in Q2, reflected a better performance in furniture and continued growth in our non-furniture category. From a cadence perspective, our trends across the quarter were choppy, reflecting the uncertain macroeconomic backdrop. Moving down to income statement. Gross margin exceeded expectations, coming in at 46.7%, 230 basis points higher than last year. There were three drivers behind this improvement: merchandise margins, supply chain efficiencies and occupancy costs. Let's start with merchandise margins, which improved 130 basis points to last year. This improvement was driven by lower input costs and our commitment to full price balance. Next, supply chain efficiencies contribute 100 basis points to the year-over-year improvement in gross margin. We continue to realize cost savings across the supply chain, driven by more consistent operations from less promotional excellence. These savings are reflected in improved efficiencies in manufacturing, warehousing and delivery expense. More importantly, these operational gains are enhancing our customer service. Key metrics including returns, accommodations, damages, replacements, out-of-market shipping and multiple deliveries per order are all better than pre-pandemic levels. And finally, occupancy costs, which were down 3% from last year and flat as a percent of revenue. We continue to see our retail optimization strategy deliver leverage in retail occupancy offset by our investments in our world-class technology and our supply chain. Overall, our higher gross margin this quarter exceeded our expectations. Turning now to SG&A, which came in at 28.9% of revenue or 150 basis points higher than last year from higher employment expense and advertising spend, partially offset by lower general expenses. Employment expense was 160 basis points higher year-over-year, mostly from higher performance based incentive compensation due to our strong EPS performance and from higher employee benefits costs during the quarter. Advertising expense deleveraged 20 basis points, as we continued to invest in the higher levels of ad spend. Our advertising model is a powerful competitive advantage. Our multi brand portfolio allows us to test the ROAS of our incremental spending, while our hands on approach maximizes the effectiveness of our investment and keeps valuable insights in house. General expenses leveraged 30 basis points from timing of administrative expenses. On the bottom line, our earnings exceeded expectations. Operating income came in at $321 million, up 2% to last year. Operating margin finished at 17.8%, which was 80 basis points above last year. Diluted earnings per share was $1.96, up $0.13 or 7% better than last year. On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with a cash balance of $827 million with no debt outstanding. This was after we both invested $83 million in capital expenditures supporting our long-term growth and we returned $606 million to our shareholders through share repurchases and quarterly dividend. Speaking of share repurchases, year-to-date, we have repurchased $707 million or 4% of our outstanding shares. Merchandise inventory ended the quarter at $1.45 billion, up 3.8% to last year. Our inventory levels are well-positioned to support the upcoming holiday season and our inventory levels are up only 15%, compared to 2019 with revenues up 25% over that time period. Summing up our Q3 results, we're proud to have delivered another quarter of results that exceeded expectations. I'd like to thank our talented, dedicated team at Williams-Sonoma, Inc. for their exceptional work in achieving these results. Now, let's turn to our '24 outlook. First, a reminder, that fiscal year 2024 is a 53 week year for Williams-Sonoma, Inc. so the fourth quarter will consist of 14 weeks. We will report comps on a 53 week versus 53 week comparable basis. All other year-over-year comparisons will be 53 week versus 52 weeks. We anticipate the additional week will contribute 150 basis points to revenue on the year and 10 basis points to annual operating margin, both of which are embedded in our guidance. Now, let's talk to our updated guidance. We are raising our full year guidance to reflect our strong Q3 results and our optimism about Q4 with our improving furniture trends and the strong performance of seasonal products all year. However, considering the holiday calendarships, economic uncertainty and slow housing markets, our guidance contemplates a range of possible outcomes. On the top-line, we are raising our full year '24 net revenue guidance to be in the range of down 3% to down 1.5% with comps between down 4.5% to down 3%. The midpoint of our guide reflects the continuation of Q3 trends into Q4. We believe the high-end of our guide implies a strong holiday season and the low-end of our guide reflects the potential for a greater impact from the macroeconomic environment on our Q4 results. On the bottom-line, we are raising our full year operating margin guidance 40 basis points, based upon our Q3 outperformance. With the 40 basis point increase, our full year '24 operating margin will now be in the range of 18.4% to 18.8%, which includes a 60 basis point benefit from the full year impact from the Q1 2024 out of period adjustment. Without the Q1 out of period adjustment, our full year operating margin will now be in the range of 17.8% to 18.2%. We continue to anticipate our Q4 operating margins will be materially in line with 2023 results, without the benefit of the 53rd week on the quarter. Additionally, we expect our full year interest income to be approximately $50 million and our full year effective tax rate to be approximately 25%. Turning to our 2024 capital allocation plan, we anticipate investing $250 million in capital expenditures to support the long-term growth of our business. Of this amount, 75% will be focused on strengthening our e-commerce leadership and enhancing our supply chain efficiency. As we communicated quarterly, we're committed to returning excess cash to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We will continue to pay our quarterly dividend of $0.57 per share. In conjunction with our earnings release today, we announced that our Board of Directors has approved an additional $1 billion share repurchase authorization. Combined with our existing authorization, we now have nearly $1.3 billion in share repurchase authorization available to opportunistically repurchase our stock to deliver returns for our shareholders. Wrapping up Laura's and my comments on Q3. We're proud to deliver results exceeding expectations on both the top and the bottom-line. For the remainder of '24, we're focused on our three key priorities: returning to growth, elevating our world-class customer service and driving earnings. We're confident the flexibility, strength and durability of our business model will drive market share gains and deliver highly profitable earnings in almost any environment. As we look beyond '24, we will provide guidance for fiscal year '25 in March as per our standard practice. Looking further into the future, we are reiterating our long-term guidance of mid to high single-digits revenue growth with operating margin in the mid to high teens. We're confident we'll continue to outperform our peers and deliver shareholder growth for these five reasons that remain consistent. Our ability to gain market share in the fragmented home furnishings industry, the strength of our in house proprietary design, the competitive advantage of our digital first, but not digital only channel strategy, the ongoing strength of our growth initiatives and the resiliency of our fortress balance sheet. With that, I'll open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Cristina Fernandez with Telsey Advisory Group. Please go ahead.
Cristina Fernandez: Hi, good morning. I wanted to ask about the trends you saw in the quarter, particularly in furniture. It seemed like seasonal and small ticket is working really well. Furniture, Laura, you commented that it was slightly better. So can you talk about what you're seeing there? And any signs that the consumer is starting to want to spend a bit more on big ticket furniture items?
Laura Alber: Sure. It's really hard to know exactly what's going on with the consumer, but our opinion is they're probably a little bit better off than everybody thinks, especially our consumer. And we are a lot more than just a furniture brand, as we've talked about. We're life stage brands. We're lifestyle brands. And we've seen the best results in those businesses like our kids business. Look at those comps and that's less related to housing, of course. We also have seen really good results all year on our seasonal assortments, which is exciting going into the holidays and partially why we're so optimistic about this quarter for us. We did see furniture improve slightly in West Elm and Pottery Barn across the board. And we're seeing also our newness really work, which is great news for us because when you bring in a new furniture collection and it works, generally you only bring it in maybe one item. So you might just bring in the coffee table, and when you see that look sell, you can expand that out into a whole franchise of a collection that will yield really good, non-comp newness for years to come.
Cristina Fernandez: And then, my follow-up is for Jeff. On the operating margin, this quarter you guided to flat, it came in a lot better. Where was the upside and why would that not continue in the fourth quarter with the better sales outlook?
Jeff Howie: Good morning, Christina and thanks for asking that question. I know it's probably on top of everybody's mind. But look, Q3 operating margin exceeded expectations for three reasons. First, merchandise margins were stronger than we anticipated, really driven by lower input costs and our focus on full price selling. I think Laura touched on this. We continue to see a positive customer response to our consistent pricing, our focus on selling and service and the newness and the breadth of product assortment that we offer. Second, the supply chain efficiencies, which I've been talking about all year, also came in better attributable to our commitment to full price selling, really smoothing out the peaks and troughs driven by promotional activity. This is delivering significant cost savings for more consistent operations across manufacturing, warehousing and delivery expenses and have to really complement our entire supply chain organization for their diligence and really the way they've attacked the supply chain and really gone after these cost savings. The third thing on why we beat the op margin in the quarter is, we deleveraged advertising expense less in Q2 than in Q1. We continue to evaluate that spend and adjust weekly as we see the effectiveness. And I think it's the Q3 results is really a testimony to how we continue to deliver strong profitability despite the tough environment for home furnishings. As far as the second part of your question is, why wouldn't that continue into Q2?
Laura Alber: Q4.
Jeff Howie: Thank you. Q4. Our guidance is based upon the facts and trends we know today. And there is a few factors in Q4 that make it very unusual. The first one is the holiday calendar shifts. And you hear us talk about that today. With the late Thanksgiving and the shorter holiday shopping period, it makes reading the business really difficult. And then, the second piece is we started lapping the reduction in promos, there's less upside than it was in prior quarters. Finally, our guide reflects the potential for greater impact in the environment in the slow housing market. But, here's the thing, we guide top-line revenues and bottom-line operating margin because it gives us the flexibility to respond to any changes in the business. To the extent there might be an upside in one line, we'll take a look and see where we might offset that in others. But it gives us the flexibility to pull levers, as the business ebbs and flows. As you've seen in Q3 and other quarters this year, we know the levers to pull to deliver results.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Peter Benedict with Baird. Please go ahead.
Peter Benedict: Thanks for taking the question. First, just, Laura, maybe a little bit more on your approach to marketing and promo this holiday. Consumers have been responding, at least we're hearing from a lot of folks that they're responding more to promotions and events and that's been going on for some time, but maybe that's getting a little more pronounced of late. I know you guys are very tactical and strategic with how you use promotions. I'm just curious how you guys have planned this holiday relative to maybe last year and what you're kind of seeing from competitors in the space when it comes to promotions in this holiday season? That's my first question.
Laura Alber: Okay, great. I don't know if you've been in our stores or in the malls, but there is no one, who has the holiday headquarters that we have from Thanksgiving to Christmas, Hanukkah, New Year, entertaining, decorating, gift giving. There's nobody who does that. That is a huge competitive advantage, when you go to the malls, and you go online that we have not just one category, but we have a fully integrated holiday assortment on top of incredible foundation of core and furniture and all the things that already exist in your house. And we show the customer how to put those things together. That is a big deal. It's very relevant particularly this year, as people are very excited about the holidays. We saw it in the beginning of the year from Easter to Halloween, now Thanksgiving and Christmas. It's still early, but that is something that, we said earlier in the year we're going to continue to flex as we knew that likely the furniture part of the business wasn't going to recover as soon as we thought. As it relates to pricing, let's just call it pricing versus promotions. We have an incredible sourcing platform. We have worked with vendors for decades. We design our own goods. We source them ourselves with our people overseas. And as a result, we get better prices. We have lots of loyalty. We have approachable prices with great quality. We know that. We've learned that many times in good business and in bad business. And we made the decision, as you know, to stop this up down pricing and this constant promotion. Once you're in that loop, you can't stop it, you have to comp it. And over the last several years, we have been reducing and reducing and reducing the level of promotions and it has been working. So the customer doesn't have to wait to see, if they're going to have a better price on that sofa in two weeks. They know the price is the price. But it's also incumbent on retailers like us to make sure that we give that great value the first time to the customers. So we think we're very, very competitively priced all in versus anyone with the same level of design and quality, which allows us to be less promotional. As Jeff said, we still have been reducing it every quarter. We have less of it to reduce as we lap these quarters, but there's still, opportunity to do a better job also in buying the winners and maximizing selling, because we're seeing great newness, results. And so, buying back into those things and when we buy back in getting better margins is another key part of our strategy.
Peter Benedict: That's helpful. It kind of leads me to my next question, maybe for Jeff. I mean, you're talking about smoothing out demand and how that helps on the supply chain. Jeff, you mentioned some additional or further opportunities for efficiency and optimization as you look out going forward. If we maybe put the smoothing of demand aside, what are the other buckets that you see the most -- where you see the most opportunity? You've done such a great job so far on all that. Just curious kind of where the next leg of savings might lie.
Laura Alber: So, just to talk about that, we have been delivering record customer service. This customer service has built tremendous brand loyalty. But we still have room to go in specific areas, where we need to be even more efficient. So we are drilling down in the supply chain in every hub, in every furniture area. And remember, we just did a full conversion out of one facility to another and that is at the beginning of that cycle. We did that this year, into our new Arizona DC out of our CMO building Sonoma Cove. That's a big deal. There's a lot of efficiency in some of those areas. We don't believe that we are done with supply chain efficiency. We have also some continued opportunity in occupancy, where we are continuing to close less profitable stores that are in old centers and move them to better lifestyle centers and also reduce in some cases some brands and increase others. And we've seen really good results from our remodels. Retail is back and we have been really honing our retail execution and our retail footprint. And our new stores are doing quite well. So that's another example of in the same size box, can we do more dollars per square foot? We believe we can. And that is also going to help us, with our occupancy leverage. In terms of ad costs, this is an area that is a strength of ours, and we use it competitively to gain share, both in the short-term and gain customers for the long-term. The work that we're doing with influencers and collaborators is driving brand heat and bringing new customers into brands and driving traffic to our stores. So you're going to continue to see us drive collaborations higher, which is really good to drive ad costs actually and also sales. Those are the big buckets. Payroll is obviously another very large bucket, and there's opportunity to both continue to be more efficient in areas in our company, but then also to fund other areas that we believe are sales driving and we're in the early innings of testing there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kate McShane with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Kate McShane: Hi, good morning. I wanted to follow-up on Cristina's earlier question with regards to furniture sales and just ask if you have a view on when furniture sales could stabilize and can furniture sales grow, just given some of the success that again you've seen with innovation and new product introduction, if housing turnover were to remain muted in 2025?
Laura Alber: We're assuming housing turnover remains muted, which is why, we've been working so hard to improve our business despite it, okay? And you've seen us have consecutively improved our comps and we have improved our furniture comps too. There's no doubt, based on what we're seeing that there's opportunity to continue to improve them in my mind. We believe that the newness, the percent of newness to total will continue to yield better results for us in furniture, even if housing doesn't improve. Now if housing really collapses, obviously, that's not in our -- that's not something that is contemplated as huge collapse or a Black Swan event or something. But we think if it's a normalized environment, our operational execution, the things we can control will help us to improve our furniture business. On the flip side, you get big housing rebound, we'll see very good results in furniture. So I'm sorry that I don't have a date for you. I wish I did, but your guess is as good as mine of when housing turns around.
Kate McShane: Okay. Thank you. And then our second question was just around inventory. It looks like inventory grew about 3.8% in the quarter. We wondered if there was any pull forward that you did in anticipation of some of the noise that was going on with regards to the port strike. And I know there's still a lot of uncertainty around tariffs, but now that we are through the election, could you remind us, how you're thinking about operating in a higher tariff environment and how much you can mitigate?
Jeff Howie: Yes. Thanks, Kate. Yes, our inventory at the end of the quarter was up 4% to last year. Notably, our inventory levels are only up 15% versus 2019 compared with revenue growth of over 25% of that time. In terms of your question about did we pull forward some regarding the port strike activity, that wasn't really a big factor for us. This is really about getting well-positioned for holiday and being in stock. If you've been in any of our stores, you've been on the website, you can see that we're in stock and we're well-positioned for holiday. That's reflected in the guidance ranges that we provided. In terms of China tariffs and our outlook on that, first, there's a lot of uncertainty in terms of what's happening there. Just want to remind everyone that it's not our first time at this. We've always been a leader and proactively responded to changes in the trade environment. There's a lot of change since the last time this came up. First, we've significantly reduced our China sourced goods from 50% to 25% over the last few years. So exposure is significantly less than the last time in 2018 that we saw this activity. Second, and I think this is something that we don't talk enough about, the U.S. is already a major manufacturing hub for Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Much of our upholstery is manufactured domestically at our facilities in North Carolina and Mississippi. Our lighting from Rejuvenation is manufactured in Oregon and a large portion of the Williams-Sonoma assortment is produced domestically. In Peppermint Bark, everyone's favorite ski this time of the year is made here in the San Francisco Bay Area. Third, we're prepared to reduce our exports to China further if tariffs increase. We've mapped out a category-by-category plan to reduce China sourcing if conditions warrant and we're currently evaluating and quantifying the impact from additional tariffs. We have a wide range of mitigation options. In fact, everything is on the table. We'll probably move some things to other countries we may at some point in '25 front load some goods. I'm sure the vendors will pay some and there may be some that the consumers absorb as well. But that is really a lot of uncertainty right now. We're working through that. And as the landscape changes, we have the scale and strategy to pivot. But here's a really big strategic thing that I want you to take away and that is our vertically integrated supply chain is a competitive advantage. 90% of the products we sell our proprietary design and exclusively made for our brands. We operate our own in-house, best-in-class global sourcing operation with 12 overseas offices, it's our own boots on the ground managing sourcing decisions, production and shipping. We are the 11th largest container importer in the United States, so we have scale and relationships. Others do not. Punch line being as the tariff landscape changes, we have the scale and strategy to pivot.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Matuszewski with Jefferies.
Jonathan Matuszewski : Good morning. The first one was on newness. I hear that it's contributing to the sales [indiscernible] here. Frame the magnitude of unit introduce this year maybe relative to last? And any aspirations for kind of the magnitude of new collections you bring '25? That's my first question.
Laura Alber : Great, Jonathan. Yes, newness and innovation are key parts of our strategy to return to growth in 2024, and we've seen a strong response to newness. I should say, 2024 and beyond. And West Elm has been really benefiting from the increase in newness across all categories, particularly in furniture and they've seen double-digit positive comps in their new furniture introductions. And they've also really increased substantially the amount of product in the holiday assortments, which is also an important opportunity for them. I've mentioned before that when you look at the scale of West Elm and then you compare the department to Pottery Barn percent to total, you see some clear areas of opportunity. And the non-furniture business is a big area of opportunity in West Elm. So we've been really pushing newness there. Pottery Barn is also seeing good responsiveness, especially in furniture and seasonal decorating, kids and team really seeing the big pop and baby and dorm and the collaborations that we brought and the new collaborations and building on LoveShackFancy have been seeing tremendous consumer response. And in Williams-Sonoma, the have premium electrics cookware newness and seasonal that's only found there and we've seen great results in Sonoma from our exciting holiday lineup and the newness that we brought in. So in terms of quantifying this, it's double-digit increases. It's across categories. It's a very competitive area. And the numbers, although they may be indicative of how important it is to us, it's more on the quality of the newness. So making sure that it's truly incremental newness and that we have reason to believe that it's going to work and not just getting over assorted. And I think we're really balancing that well, and it's going to be a key part of staying ahead and giving us pricing power to continually design our own products and bring them to market.
Jonathan Matuszewski : That's really helpful. And just a question on trade. Maybe you could update us on your approach there and how your business is continuing to make inroads. Looks like up mid-single digits this quarter, category down 7%. And so are you doing anything currently in terms of working designers to get their business and plan for the future?
Jeff Howie : Yes. Our trade business did grow 4% in the quarter and it's been up all year. And it's really a function of the outstanding performance that our retail teams have done engaging with the trade community. A lot of trade is the local interior designer that works with the designers within our stores. And we set out a goal early this year to really ask our store retail teams to reengage with that interior designer community. And to their credit, our retail teams have taken that off and they're doing a really good job. And that really explains the 4% increase in this quarter and why we're seeing that trade business pop a little bit. I think it's important to note that while trade is a component of the B2B business, it's really the contract side of the business that we are really excited about. And that had another outstanding quarter, growing 17% in Q3. And this accounts for about 36% of our overall volume in the quarter. And it's where we really have a competitive advantage and bringing the scale of our brand, the variety of assortment, our supply chain and really becoming a disruptor in that $80 billion business-to-business market, where we think we compete favorably and have a lot of opportunity to gain market share.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from the line of Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley.
Simeon Gutman : Hi, good morning, everyone. I'm going to ask about full price selling. I don't know if this is quantifiable, if we should be asking what -- I don't think you'll tell us what the mix is, but is that run rate accelerating? And does it ever reach a ceiling, the business will have a certain amount of product that gets sold on some type of clearance, I suppose? And is that run rate accelerating? And how much more ceiling do we have to go?
Laura Alber : I'll just start by saying we're absolutely committed to the stance of running the business without promotional pricing. And we have continued to reduce the amount from last year. We have always said we'll take markdowns. We do take markdowns. And so of course, in a better sales environment, you'd have markdowns. You might actually have scarcity. So you could see that happen over time where we're actually chasing goods and there are less clearance goods. We are definitely seeing improvements in our regular priced comps, which is great and our clearance inventory is in great shape, too. As Jeff said, inventory is pretty clean. And we like that. That does mean that there's less clearance sales. And I will just point out that in Q3, there are some brands that had more promotional comp roll-off than others like Pottery Barn had more to cut than we would have liked. And we made the decision, as we've said before and we've said we're going to always choose to go after the operating earnings and to not go up-down pricing. And so I do expect that because we've reduced this kind of behavior, substantially, the go forward is going to be a lot cleaner and easier to understand for all of us.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Max Rakhlenko with TD Cowen.
Max Rakhlenko : Great. Laura, in the past, I think that you've noted that your regular price business was outcomping your discounted or promoted business. Curious, did that occur this quarter once again? And why do you think this phenomenon is occurring and just the key learnings from that?
Laura Alber : Yes, sure. Yes, that's true. Regular price is outperforming because we're reducing the promotional substantially. And as much as reduced the last year to the year before, we have continued to reduce it. And so as I said, it's good for margins, it's actually good for the customer because we don't have them having to wait. They can trust us on the pricing integrity.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Chuck Grom with Gordon Haskett.
Chuck Grom : Thanks very much. If we double click here on your cost of goods sold line, in the third quarter, you're roughly 42%, which is about 1,000 basis points better than where you were in the third quarter of 2019. I'm curious if it's possible to sort of unpack how much of that you see as structural? In other words, as we start to see the top line improve, which I think you all hope next year, how much of that can be sticky?
Jeff Howie : Chuck, we think a lot of it can be sticky. We're pretty confident in our operating margin. And I think it goes back to the five drivers I talked about and what's really happening within gross margin. E-commerce sales mix really at 66% is sustaining. I think everyone knows that we have a substantially higher operating margin and less occupancy expense in our e-commerce business. The retail optimization strategy, our second big driver is also kicking in. Again, elevating that the profitability of our retail chain and also comes with less occupancy. A big part of the improvement since 2019 has been our pricing power. That accounts for about 390 of the basis points of that about 1,000. And that comes from our merchandise margin team, the benefit of our focus on full price selling and the strength of our in-house design proprietary products. That obviously, given our results compared to the competition are resonating with consumers. And the last is the supply chain efficiencies. You've heard Laura and I talk about how all of our metrics or KPIs that we look at are performing better than pre-pandemic levels. And here, this is our own internal version of the 4 minute mile. If you're not familiar with that story, there's -- for years, it was thought that human beings couldn't run a 4 minute mile. It has even said there's no way that can happen. And as soon as one person was able to break it, everyone was able to run a 4 minute mile. Well, that's the same thing for us. For years, we thought that these -- KPIs had to run at a certain level and that's just the way our business ran. And post-pandemic, as we try to get back to those, we ask a simple question of why are those metrics at those levels. And to our supply chain team's credit, they said, well, we think we can do better. Laura and I said, yes, let's see you do that. And not only do they achieve those levels, but as soon as they go through those levels, they said, you know what, there's actually even more here. So this is an ongoing opportunity for us. And we think we're excited about what that can bring. I think the key point here is since 2019, we've transformed our profitability and can sustain these operating margins at a higher level.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer.
Brian Nagel : Hi, good morning. So I want to go back to a couple of the prior questions just with regard to sales. So look, I mean, you've done a phenomenal job managing the business through what has been a difficult demand environment now for several quarters. So the comments they suggest you're starting to see some wins here, some better sales in certain categories. But if I look at the data in aggregate, your comps were down 2.9% in Q3 this versus -- down 3.3% in Q2. So I mean slightly better there. But on any stack basis, it seems like the business is actually decelerated. So I guess my question will be two-fold, mean, am I looking at the data correctly? But then second, what's the offset to those sort of -- what's keeping -- you're starting to see these better sales trends as you articulate, what's the offset keeping sales weak?
Laura Alber : Well, I'd just say that we're not topping the probe is the first answer. And that definitely gave us some sales that you could pull forward, call them what you will but lower quality sales. And then secondly, furniture is still relatively weak, right? So as much as we're talking about improvements in furniture, and we have some categories that are positive, furniture has been weak. And so this is the opportunity. We've been focused on the areas we knew would be stronger, which are life stage pieces of our business and holiday decorating, but can you imagine what happens when the furniture picks up. And we've used the word coil spring about our platform. We have said that when this picks up, we've been doing. We've been focused on operating margin with a down sales environment. So can you imagine the kind of operating margin improvements we could have if sales pick up, even if there are some negatives next year, even if tariffs cost us something, even if there's other cost increases, there should be sales leverage on that operating margin.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Oliver Wintermantel with Evercore.
Oliver Wintermantel : Thanks very much. Maybe just to that point, Laura, your sales leverage, what kind of comp do you need to see to get some sales leverage on SG&A? And with your cost taken out over the last few years, how would that compare to pre-pandemics?
Laura Alber : Yes. I mean, it's not a linear relationship. There's not like a box that one number goes in the other number comes out because there's a lot of choices. And so -- and you can't predict all the variables, you've seen it's like a game of life for a next thing you know you've got something new you have to deal with that you didn't expect and that you have to invest in -- and with growth, there's always different opportunities. You can be more competitive on ad comp. So we have a lot of brands here in different states, not all brands have the same operating margin. We may decide that push a few of our smaller brands heavier. And the most important thing of all I'd say is being competitive for our consumers. We want to give them the best quality, the best designs at the best value. And we think we fit the sweet spot of the industry with what we're doing, which is why I think we have better results. Because they love our product. I mean, there's all these things that we talk about on these calls that end of the day the customer votes, right? And they go based on what they see and what the price is. And we've built this loyalty over years that makes them come back. They trust us to shop online on big ticket. A lot of people can't get them to do that. But because they see our stores in their minds eye, they can sit on the self-op, they will pull the trigger and buy it online. And that is something that not a lot of people can say because of our channel excellence and our customer service, we have built up so much goodwill with our customers that's been so important to driving our results even in a tough environment.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Laura Alber for closing remarks.
Laura Alber : Okay. Well, thank you. Thank you all, again, for joining our call this morning. And all of us here at Williams-Sonoma wish you a very enjoyable holiday season. And of course, as I like to say, please go into our stores and happy shopping. We'll talk again in March. Thank you.
Operator: That will conclude today's call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-22 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the conclusion of the prepared remarks. I would now like to turn the call over to Jeremy Brooks, Chief Accounting Officer and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Brooks: Good morning, and thank you for joining our second quarter earnings call. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that, during this call, we will make forward-looking statements with respect to future events and financial performance, including our revised guidance for fiscal '24 and our long-term outlook. We believe these statements reflect our best estimates. However, we cannot make any assurances that these statements will materialize and actual results may differ significantly from our expectations. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any of these statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after today's call. Additionally, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. These measures should not be considered replacements for and should be read together with our GAAP results. A detailed reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure appears in Exhibit 1 to the press release we issued earlier this morning. This call should also be considered in conjunction with our filings with the SEC. Finally, a replay of this call will be available on our Investor Relations website. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer.
Laura Alber: Thank you, Jeremy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the call. Before we review our Q2 results, I want to take a minute to recognize our team for their continued contributions. We recently held our General Managers Conference in Arizona. It was our first leadership conference since the pandemic and all of us have been inspired by the level of passion, dedication and talent of our store management and field teams. Today, we are reporting strong results for the second quarter of 2024, which were driven by our Q2 improved top line trends, market share gains and continued delivery on our commitment to profitability. In Q2, our comp came in at negative 3.3% and we exceeded profitability estimates with an operating margin of 16.2% and earnings per share of $1.74, reflecting the 2-for-1 stock split we completed in July. We are pleased with our strong operating results and the operational improvements that produced these results. We continue to demonstrate the strength of our margin profile even in a difficult market. There is no doubt that the Home Furnishings market is challenged due to the uncertainty in the economy, coupled with slow housing. This leads us to believe that we may not see the back half acceleration that we expected despite all of the hard work we've done to improve our product offer and our customer experience. Therefore, we believe, it is prudent to reduce our top line outlook for the balance of the year, while continuing to deliver on our commitment to profitability, and in fact, we are raising our bottom line guidance. We are now expecting full year revenues to come in at range of down 4% to down 1.5%, but we are raising our guidance on operating margin to be in the range of 17.4% to 17.8%. Now let me review progress on our three key priorities that we outlined with you back in March: first, returning to growth; second, elevating our world-class customer service; and third, driving margin. I'll start with an update on returning to growth. Our improved top line trend outperformed the industry decline in the second quarter and we maintained our commitment to not offering site wide promotions. A key element of our return to growth strategy is our focus on innovation on our product lines across brands, including substantially more newness across our assortments. And our unique in-house design capabilities and vertically-integrated sourcing organization allows us to offer this high-quality design innovation at compelling price points. The next key component of our return to growth strategy is our commitment to improving our channel experiences. Our investment in our proprietary e-commerce technology serves as a competitive advantage versus our peers. From product discovery and selection to personalization, content, customer care and the final mile, our team is constantly thinking about how to elevate and evolve our best-in-class e-commerce experience. In the quarter, we've been focused on expanding our online content and providing more inspiration in the shop path to drive conversion. And of course, we cannot forget our best-in-class retail business. We have continued to improve our in-store experience with inspirational new products, improved in-stock inventory levels and next level design services, including our new design tool that allows for 3D rendering. As our teams reminded us at our General Managers Conference this year, we really do have the best team in retail, and our retail optimization efforts continue transforming our store fleet to be positioned in the most profitable, inspiring and strategic locations. Now let's talk through progress on our second and third key priorities, which go hand-in-hand. We continue to make progress improving our world-class customer service and driving margin contributing significantly to the operating margin we reported today. One of the foundational principles upon which this company is built is that the customer is at the center of everything we do and their satisfaction is key to our operating performance. Without our customers, truly nothing else matters. And in Q2, we continued to make meaningful improvements in our customer service metrics. The supply chain team continues to reduce costs, by limiting out-of-market and multiple shipments, fewer customer accommodations, lower returns and damages and reduced replacements. And our ongoing commitment to not running site-wide promotions and the reduction of our promotional offerings have improved margins. We are focused on delivering a compelling, value equation to our customers, which in turn maximizes our full price selling. Now, I'd like to update you on the performance of our brands. Pottery Barn ran a negative 7.1% comp in Q2. Improvements in trends were driven by our compelling product assortments in coastal decorating and entertaining and seasonal holidays. We saw success in our new summer furniture launches and are optimistic about our fall furniture newness with a focus on proprietary finishes and design. Looking ahead to the back half, we have a strong holiday lineup that is off to a great start. There is no one else like us in the market with the incredible assortment of seasonal decorating for Halloween, Thanksgiving, Christmas and Hanukkah and we are building on successful new programs that we have launched. The Pottery Barn Children's Business ran at positive 1.5% comp in Q2, a continuation of our positive comp trend in the first quarter of the year. Innovation across our product offering and improvement in the shopping experience have been key to delivering this growth. In these life-stage brands, back-to-school was a highlight with Dorm driving double-digits growth. In this space, we continue to attract new customers with our market-leading design, excellent quality and sustainability promise. We have bolstered the shopping experience with a suite of digital shopping tools and expanded in-store services, including three Dorm design services and convenient shipping options to any of our stores near campuses. Product collaborations also continue to drive sales with existing and new customers. We're especially pleased with our recent collaboration with Roller Rabbit and we are seeing continued success with LoveShackFancy. Now, let's review West Elm, which ran a negative 4.8% comp in Q2. The brand continues to see success in new product introductions, with both summer and fall newness driving double digits positive comp to last year. And this month, we are thrilled to drop our first catalog in the brand since holiday 2021. Additionally, West Elm launched a very exciting second collaboration with the fashion brand, Rhode, following a successful debut last year. This new collection features 120 pieces, including a re-launch of past favorites combined with new textiles, tabletop, lighting, decorative accessories, bath rugs and a collection of items designed for college dorms. This collaboration is on track to do more than double the initial launch last year. Given the positive trends in newness and exciting collaborations in the pipeline, we have a sizable opportunity in West Elm as it rebalances more inventory into these new products. The Williams-Sonoma brand ran a negative 0.8% comp in Q2. In the quarter, we benefited from the performance of our new and exclusive products, offset by some tough compares in electrics. Sales from summer newness were up double digits to last year and we're seeing strength in new and premium products found only at Williams-Sonoma. The strategy to offer our customers quality product they can't find anywhere else is working, and we are excited about our robust second half lineup of in-house design products and exclusives. The Williams-Sonoma brand remains focused on delivering immersive culinary experiences in store, online and at key events across the country. In store, we've inspired thousands of customers through our Sunday Skills series and demos teaching customers from how to sous it to how to make ice cream. Our Tools for Change campaign supporting No Kid Hungry, celebrated its 10th Anniversary this July. To date, we're proud to have raised over $16 million to help No Kid Hungry and end childhood hunger in America. We're grateful to all the chefs and celebrities that have contributed designs to our spatulas over the years. As we listen to the second half, we will continue inspiring our customers to cook, host and entertain for the holidays. This fall, the brand will launch the art of entertaining, where customers can benefit from expert advice on everything from setting a table to hosting a dinner party to floral arranging techniques and to napkin folding tricks. We believe this focus on holidays and celebrations will not just drive volume in key categories, but will also cement the brand as the ultimate celebration destination in retail for new and existing customers. And lastly, we're excited about the momentum of our Williams-Sonoma Home business which ran at slight positive comp in Q2. Now I'd like to update you on our other initiatives. Business-to-business continued its momentum in Q2 growing 11.5%, with record quarterly contract volume growing 21.6%, while trade grew 7.1%. The hospitality space remains strong with notable wins at the Sheraton Boston, the Hilton Beverly Hills, Renaissance Las Vegas and under canvas for the Yosemite location. We have launched a new brand standard program with IHG's, Hotel Indigo brand being named a preferred vendor for lighting and upholstery categories. We're also seeing strong momentum in the multifamily space including growing partnerships with Korman Communities and the Discovery Land Company. And we are thrilled to partner with St. Jude to develop custom beds and nightstands for their Ranch for Children project in Nevada. Now, I'd like to talk about our global business. While we continue to navigate global macroeconomic pressures, our strategic initiatives are delivering positive results across key strategic markets including India, Canada and Mexico. The Canadian market continues to show strength, driven by growth from enhanced design services, emerging brands and omni-channel services. In Mexico, we are optimistic about our brand's performance in the market with strength driven by all brands with the most significant contribution coming from PB Kids. We'll be opening two new stores by the end of the year and three more set to open in early 2025. Finally, India remains a key area of growth for us. We're excited to expand the West Elm brand with two additional locations in new markets by the end of the year. Overall, our assortment, market and service strategies are the differentiators for continued growth in our global markets. Lastly, I'd like to update you on our emerging brands. Rejuvenation delivered another double-digits quarter. We're very optimistic about Rejuvenation's performance with four consecutive quarters of positive comps. Their unwavering focus on delivering the highest quality products has allowed them to gain market share. The trend of home updates, particularly in kitchens and bathrooms continues with notable growth in cabinet and bath hardware and lighting. Additionally, our growth categories including window hardware, textiles, home furnishings and organization solutions, also performed well providing our customers with the perfect finishing touches to complete their spaces. Mark and Graham, our monogrammed gifting business also drove a high double-digits growth in Q2. They saw success with our coastal and beach products for the home and on the go and had strong gifting sales in golf and personalized games. They've recently launched the Monogram Wedding Shoppe as well as Mark and Graham Kids, which will be an exciting incremental growth strategy for the brand. Finally, GreenRow, our newest brand, continues to grow and expand its assortment of vintage-inspired colorful furnishings that are sustainably sourced and designed to last. This month, GreenRow launched a new collection of thoughtfully made products over 150 new items and a new catalog. The brand continues to innovate and create unique and differentiated products that fill a void in the market. We look forward to continued growth and exciting new products and partnerships in the coming months for GreenRow. In summary, we are pleased with our strong operating results. Our revised outlook today reflects our prudent view of the top-line and the confidence we have in our profitability profile. Despite the macro uncertainty, we remain focused on our key priorities for 2024 that are driving the results we announced today. During the last few years, we as a company have navigated, learned, optimized and built all in preparation for our next chapter of growth. We have a strong omni-channel platform with an exclusive lifestyle offering and a sophisticated distribution network with additional capacity. With that, I will turn it over to Jeff to walk you through the numbers and our outlook in more detail.
Jeff Howie: Thank you, Laura, and good morning, everyone. We're pleased to deliver another quarter of strong results, highlighted by our Q2 improved top-line trend, market share gains and earnings that continue to exceed expectations. Laura touched on our three key priorities for fiscal year '24. One, returning to growth, fueled by product innovation and channel experience. Two, elevating our world-class service, which produces both customer retention and expense savings. And three, driving earnings as we continue to deliver strong profitability. These three priorities connect directly to the five key drivers underpinning our strong profitability in Q2. First, our e-commerce sales mix with its higher operating margins sustaining at 66% of total revenues. Second, our retail optimization strategy delivering 3% less occupancy expense inclusive of additional technology and supply chain investments. Third, the pricing power of our in house designed proprietary products and our emphasis on full price selling contributing to a 380 basis point improvement in merchandise margins. Fourth, our supply chain efficiency from our relentless focus on customer service and operational excellence, producing 180 basis points improvement in selling margins. And fifth, our ability to control costs, as we continue to manage variable employment costs materially in line with top-line trends. Given our strong second quarter results, we're confident, we'll continue to gain market share and deliver strong earnings even in this uncertain environment. Now, let's dive into the numbers. I'll start with our Q2 results and then provide an update on guidance for '24. Net revenues finished at $1.79 billion slightly below our expectations. We gained market share as our comp of negative 3.3% outperformed the industry, which declined by approximately 10%. Importantly, we accomplished this EBIT, as we reduced our overall level of promotions in the quarter. Our Q2 comps improved from Q1, reflective of better performance in furniture and continued growth in our non-furniture categories. From a cadence perspective, our trends across the quarter were choppy and inconsistent, reflecting the uncertain macroeconomic backdrop. Moving down the income statement, gross margin came in at 46.2%, 550 basis points higher than last year and substantially exceeding expectations. There were three drivers to this 550 basis point improvement, merchandise margins, supply chain efficiencies and occupancy costs. Let's start with merchandise margins, which improved 380 basis points. This improvement was driven by our ongoing commitment to full price selling, lower input costs and the residual benefit from lower inbound freight, as we lap last year's pandemic-related ocean freight runoff. Next, supply chain efficiencies contributed 180 basis points. Our commitment to full price selling is smoothing out the peaks and troughs created by promotional activity. This is yielding improved customer service, reduced customer lead times, and significant cost savings for more efficient operations. Key customer service metrics, including returns, accommodations, damages, replacements, out-of-market shipping and multiple deliveries per order are all performing better than pre-pandemic levels. Moreover, we are seeing cost savings across the supply chain for more consistent operations, including warehouse, manufacturing and delivery expenses. Finally, occupancy costs, which were down 3% from last year deleveraged 10 basis points. We continue to optimize our retail fleet, while we invest in our world-class technology stack and our supply chain. During the quarter, we began operating our new Arizona distribution center. This fully-automated facility will replace an outdated distribution center, improve service time to our customers and lower employment and shipping costs. Included in our occupancy cost this quarter were the cost of running both the new and old buildings, which will continue for the balance of fiscal year '24. Wrapping up gross margin, we delivered substantially higher gross margin this quarter. Turning now to SG&A, which came in at 30% of revenues with 390 basis points higher than last year, from higher employment expense and advertising spend. Employment expense was 200 basis points higher year-over-year, mostly from higher performance-based incentive compensation due to our strong EPS performance year-to-date. In Q2, we continue to manage variable employment costs across our stores, distribution centers and customer care centers, materially in line with top-line trends. Advertising expense deleveraged 150 basis points, as we continue to invest into higher levels of advertising spend. Our multi-brand portfolio allows us to test the return of our incremental spend and our own hands-on keyboard approach, allows our investment to go further and keeps our learnings in house. Our advertising model is a key competitive advantage in the home furnishing industry. On the bottom-line, our earnings once again exceeded expectations. Operating income came in at $290 million with operating margin at 16.2%, which was 160 basis points above last year. Diluted earnings per share was $1.74, up $0.18 or 12% year-over-year. On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with a cash balance of $1.3 billion with no debt outstanding. This was after we invested $31 million in capital expenditures supporting our long-term growth and we returned $203 million to our shareholders through share repurchases and quarterly dividends. Merchandise inventory ended the quarter of $1.2 billion, down 4.1% to last year. Our inventory levels are in line with our top line trends and are well-positioned to support our business. Summing up our Q2 results. We're proud to have delivered yet another quarter of earnings exceeding expectations. I'd like to thank our team at Williams-Sonoma Inc. for delivering these great results. Our recent General Manager's Conference reminded me how our talented, dedicated team is the best in retail and the key to our success. Now let's turn to our '24 outlook. 2024 continues to be a challenging environment for home furnishings due to macroeconomic uncertainty and the slow housing market. This leads us to believe, it's prudent to reduce our top-line outlook for the balance of the year, while raising our operating margin guidance, as we continue to deliver on our commitment to profitability. It's important to note that, our lower sales outlook is offset by our raised operating margin, producing materially similar implied EPS guidance. On the top-line, we now expect full year '24 net revenues to be in the range of down 4% to down 1.5% with comps between down 5.5% to down 3%. Our updated guidance reflects the macroeconomic uncertainty combined with our choppy and inconsistent trends. With this backdrop in mind, we're providing this updated range of outcomes for our top-line. The midpoint of our guide reflects a continuation of the first half economic and consumer dynamics through the back half of '24. The high end of the guide implies some acceleration in industry trends, coupled with increased traction of our growth initiatives. The low end of our guide reflects the recognition that the macroeconomic environment may have a greater impact on our results in the back half of '24. On the bottom-line, we are raising our full year operating margin guidance 40 basis points, based upon our Q2 outperformance. We continue to anticipate our operating margins in the back half will be materially in line with 2023 results. With a 40 basis point increase, we are raising our full year 2024 operating margin to range of 18.0% to 18.4%, which includes a 60 basis point benefit from the full year impact from the Q1 out-of-period adjustment. Without the Q1 out-of-period adjustment, our full year operating margin will now be in the range of 17.4% to 17.8%. Additionally, we expect our full year interest income to be approximately $45 million and our full year effective tax rate to be approximately 25.5%. As a reminder, 2024 is a 53-week year for Williams-Sonoma Inc. The fourth quarter will consist of 14 weeks. We anticipate the additional week will contribute 150 basis points to revenue growth and 10 basis points to operating margins, both of which are embedded in our guidance. We will report comps on a 53-week versus 53-week comparable basis. All other year-over-year compares will be 53-weeks versus 52-weeks. Our capital allocation plan for 2024 remain unchanged. We expect to spend $225 million in capital expenditures to invest in the long-term growth of our business. 75% of this capital spend will be dedicated to driving our e-commerce leadership and supply chain efficiency. As we've communicated quarterly, we're committed to returning excess cash to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We will continue to pay our quarterly dividend of $0.57 per share and have $826 million remaining under our $1 billion share repurchase authorization, we will continue to opportunistically repurchase our stock to deliver returns for our shareholders. As we look further into the future beyond '24, we are reiterating our long-term guidance of mid-to-high single-digits revenue growth with operating margins in the mid-to-high teens. We're confident we'll continue to outperform our peers and deliver shareholder growth for these five reasons that remain consistent. Our ability to gain market share in the fragmented home furnishing industry, the strength of our in-house proprietary design, the competitive advantage of our digital first, but not digital only channel strategy, the ongoing strength of our growth initiatives and the resiliency of our fortress balance sheet. With that, I'll open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Chuck Grom with Gordon Haskett.
Chuck Grom: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I was hoping you guys could talk about the cadence of sales throughout the quarter across banners? And also any early readings on back-to-school, back-to-college in recent weeks?
Laura Alber: The cadence of sales for us isn't really a relevant indicator. I know you all love to ask the question and also how this quarter is going, but it doesn't really amount to much in terms of predicting where we're going to be. Remember, as we look to the back half, we have a big ramp in seasonal businesses. And that is not - so what's happening now is not the same as what could happen then. And back-to-school is a great example. Innovation is a key part of our strategy and especially in our life stage and seasonal holidays, where we're seeing great response and back-to-school is no different. It's actually one of our highlights. We've really seen our initiatives, particularly in Dorm, really gain traction, and we're really gaining share in the Dorm market serving the customer with very high-quality products. It's significantly positive. We're chasing inventory, its high margin, and it's driven by both the product in bedding, also our no nail solutions, bath and flooring. It's also driven by our exclusive collaborations such as LoveShackFancy and Roller Rabbit, which has been fantastic for that demo, and then our channel functionality. So, for example, Dorm functionality launched earlier on the site this year, which we think was really good for our customers to be able to consider, what they would buy before they actually get into school. And we had a shareable Dorm wish list, a bedding visualizer and then retail. We really pushed Dorm at retail both in our kids' stores, our teen stores and we did a small setup in our Pottery Barn stores to really help drive awareness to build that market share. We've also worked with partners and influencers to drive awareness and driving traffic off the Pottery Barn website to the dorm and back-to-school shop has been another critical part of what we're doing.
Chuck Grom: I just actually just moved my daughter into college, and I could tell you the Dorm business is very real. Jeff, just one for you, looking ahead into the back half of the year, any thoughts on the phasing of comps in the third and fourth quarter and any impact with the five fewer shopping days this year?
Jeff Howie: Yes, let me start with the shorter holiday season. Our quick answer on that is that the impact is already embedded in our guidance. There's a lot of puts-and-takes on this one for us. For one, a shorter holiday season, each day has to work harder, especially at retail. But this year's calendar with Christmas moving from Monday to Wednesday is more favorable for e-commerce. I think everyone knows, our mix is 66% e-commerce. So that is actually a good guide for us. Then when you think about the back half for us, this year is a 53-week year, so our fourth quarter has 14 weeks in it. Punchline on this is, there's a lot of puts-and-takes for shorter holiday seasons, but it's in our guidance. As we think about the back half, as I said in my prepared remarks, the way we set up our guidance is the midpoint of our guide reflects the continuation of the first half economic and consumer dynamics to the back half. The high end of our guide implies some acceleration in industry trends, coupled with increased traction of our growth initiatives. And if holiday proves out to be better, there could even be upside there. The low end of our guide recognizes the macroeconomic environment may have a greater impact on our results in the back half, but it's so uncertain, we provided really wide range of guidance with those possible outcomes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Benedict with Baird.
Peter Benedict: First one, just maybe, Jeff, around advertising. I mean, historically, I think you guys run in the 6.5% to 7% of sales, at least on an annual basis for advertising. I know it's delevered in the 1st part of this year. Just curious how you're thinking about the increased investment in advertising right now, when you need to see the return on that, and just maybe should we expect a period where you may be above that 7% range for a bit, as we go through this kind of period of softer demand? That's my first question.
Laura Alber: Thanks, Peter. Our multi-brand portfolio is clearly an advantage in a lot of ways, but particularly in marketing. Our cross-brand customers performed significantly better than other customers. In fact, they're 4x more valuable. And we've really been committed, as you all know, to not running a promotional business. There's a lot of people out there that probably would push a few more comp points by running markdowns. We've chosen not to do that. We know having done this for a long time that the long-term investment in the fundamentals is more important than the short-term markdowns that give you an immediate pop and create all sorts of peaks and valleys, which aren't good for operations. Advertising investment done correctly, builds customer growth. And so, they also drive short-term sales. So it's a short-term sales and a long-term play with new customers. And like anything else we do, we are constantly looking for opportunities to spend the last dollar more effectively, and that changes season-by-season, brand-by-brand and marketing program by marketing program. Our loyalty program is another key part of this and very effective. These again are our best customers, and we have the credit card program and we also have the non-credit card key rewards program, which has been very effective. I'd say, the last thing that we are doing that is, I think a competitive advantage and something that we're doing more of than we did last year, substantially is amplifying our creator-led content. So creator-led content, YouTube, TikTok, Meta, it's helping us reach new audiences and it's very effective. It's an area that we're building in-house, and we're really excited about our leadership position as we go forward, because we think this is very, very relevant for our customers.
Peter Benedict: My follow-up question is around kind of freight costs in that environment. I'm just curious maybe your view as we maybe turn to '25, freight rates have been coming up. How does that kind of play into maybe the margin structure as you think about next year? And remind us just maybe your exposure to China and with all the talk of potential tariffs, that type of thing, just maybe level side us on that front?
Jeff Howie: Yes, Peter, good morning. Couple of questions in there. First one on ocean freight, we're not seeing an impact from higher spot market rates on our ocean freight. We're mostly insulated from the fluctuations in the spot market with our contracted rates. Here is the thing, as you know, one of our competitive advantages is our global supply chain. We're the 11th largest container importer in the United States. We have scale and relationships, others do not. So while there may be challenges in the broader market, especially with smaller competitors, it's not been a factor for us. Any impact is already embedded in our results and our guidance. As far as China goes, we significantly reduced our China-sourced goods from the last time this came up back in 2018. Back then, it was 50% of all of our imports were from China. Now that number is down to 25%. And of that 25%, a third of them already have a Trump tariff on them, which we've been paying and are still on them. The fact that, if this does come up and tariffs are expanded, we're prepared to reduce it further. We've mapped out a category-by-category plan to reduce China sourcing if the landscape changes. I think the important point here is 90% of our products are proprietary, designed and exclusively made for our brands, and we operate our own in house best-in-class global sourcing operation with 12 overseas offices. It's our own boots on the ground, managing sourcing decisions, production and shipping. If the landscape changes, we're well-positioned to pivot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cristina Fernandez with Telsey Advisory Group.
Cristina Fernandez: Hi, good morning. I wanted to see if you can talk about any changes in customer behavior that you saw this quarter or so far here in August. Several retailers have talked about the consumer being more hesitant, less involved during non-peak periods, more resistant to price? Are you seeing any of those factors in your trends?
Laura Alber: Thanks for the question, Christina. We're constantly setting all the customer metrics to find anything that we can read into and build upon. It's interesting, furniture actually picked up from Q1, not as much as we wanted it to, but it's better than it was. The other areas are still better than furniture. Leading to the strategy of really focused on the seasonal holidays, where no one else really plays and these life stages, while the consumer is still not really buying a lot of new houses. In terms of price points, interesting question. We have a lot of newness. It's working. It's very exciting, particularly in West Elm, where we have the most amount of newness. It's not in low price points. It's in the medium to high price points and that's also really, I think a good piece of information for us. We are giving the customer great value. So we're not trying to develop things at higher price points. We're trying to develop the best value products at every price point. I've said it before, but the truth is where we have a lot of innovation, our prices are the best in the market and no one has tried to copy us yet on the newness, which is why we're pushing newness as a key strategy in the back half as a percent to total. As we continue to have these seasons click by and get confidence on the newness, we can buy more into it. We usually have a pretty long cycle on that product growing before it declines.
Cristina Fernandez: And then my follow-up is for Jeff. On the operating margin for the quarter, I think last call you had talked about being flattish. It was up 160 basis points. Where did the upside come from this quarter and why wouldn't some of those continue in the back half?
Jeff Howie: Yes, thanks for asking that, Christina. Q2 operating margin exceeded our expectations for three reasons. The first is in merchandise margins, which were stronger than anticipated driven by our focus on full price selling. We continue to see positive customer response to our consistent pricing and focus on selling and service versus price. The second thing is our supply chain efficiencies also came in better, really attributable to our commitment to full price selling, smoothing out the peaks and troughs driven by promotional activity. This is delivering significant cost savings from more consistent operations across our manufacturing, operating and delivery expenses. And third, we deleverage advertising expense less in Q2 than in Q1. As Laura said before, we continue to evaluate our spend and adjust weekly as we see the effectiveness. Here's what I'd like you to remember as we continue to deliver strong profitability despite the tough environment for home furnishings.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer.
Brian Nagel: So the first question I want to ask is just with respect to industry-wide promotions. You've done a great job of holding the line on site-wide promotions at Williams-Sonoma, but throughout the space, we keep on hearing about signals of a more promotional environment. So the question I'm asking is, are you seeing a more promotional environment broadly? And then are you able to quantify what impacts, if any, that's happened upon your business at this point?
Laura Alber: Yes. Thanks for the question, Brian. We continue to see consistent high levels of promotions in the marketplace in also the forms from site-wide promotions, free shipping, reduction of prices across the board, double rewards, all of it. And we have played those games and know that they don't work, and you're competing with yourself more than you are with your peers and your competitors. It's really important that you give your customer great value. They look at that price and they know what other things cost similarly to it in the market. But the up and down to get a short-term pop that drives a short-term comp is not a good way to run your business. And so we are committed, as I said before, to running our business without those high levels of promotion. And actually, as much as we've been saying this for the past couple of years, we're still pushing this out of our base. And so in Q1 and Q2, we significantly improved our regular price percent to total, and our regular price comps are significantly better than the markdown comps.
Brian Nagel: Then the second question I have, recognizing we're not necessarily talking about the cadence of the business through the quarter, but -- and it sounds like given your commentary and the adjustments to the top line guidance in the balance here, the business is weakened, or at least tracking weaker than you initially anticipated. Can you help us understand if there's any specific areas you seeing incremental weakness within demand?
Laura Alber: So the reality is our guidance, as Jeff mentioned, has a wide range. And it's that we expected the back half to accelerate. I think we all thought we'd have an interest rate cut or at least 1 or 2 by now, which we haven't seen, right? So instead of hoping for housing to turn around, we put the range together to reflect if the back half is little to the first half. And that seems, I know, conservative because of the multiyear comps getting easier in the back half. But we just thought it was prudent, given the uncertainty in the macro, to reduce the top line so that we're not pressured to take promos to hit the number. We want to run this business for the long term, and that's what we've been doing, and you're seeing the continued performance on the bottom line. And I'll just say this, we've said before, can you imagine what this thing looks like when you get some positive comps. And the best way for me to describe it is our operating model is a coiled spring.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley.
Simeon Gutman: I have a question, I guess, this is [Ajols] question. Any difference in posture thinking about the mix between sales and promotion in terms of stimulating sales and given that the backdrop seems to be getting more promotional?
Laura Alber: Absolutely not, but we are on offense with our product innovation and our marketing.
Jeff Howie: And Simeon, I would just add, I talked about it in my prepared remarks and answering Christina's question, but by not running the promos like we did in smoothing out the peaks and troughs of the promotional activity, it's really driving improved customer service, shorter lead times and much more efficient operations across our entire supply chain, which is really flowing through to the bottom-line.
Simeon Gutman: And if I can ask a quick follow-up. The runway for merch margin specifically related to supply chain or transport, I don't know if I missed -- I may have missed it earlier in the call, but I thought, by the second quarter, it would sort of reach it's, I don't know, it's peak or it's max, and then it would start to wane. Is that still about the right way to think about it?
Jeff Howie: It is the right way to think about it. And while we don't guide to specific lines, we are guiding that our operating margin in the back half will be flat with 2023 really because of some of the benefits that we had in the front half [Technical Difficulty] we were up against the impact of the pandemic-related ocean freight runoff. That was worth about 200 basis points, good guide in the first half. And then our focus on full price selling really kicked in, in the back half of '23. So we have that upside by focusing on that in the front half. And in fact, if we look at our percentage of full-price selling in Q2 of '24, it's about the same rate as it was in Q3 '23. So that dissipates as well. So like we said, we were up against some easier compares in the front half on the margin line that starts to dissipate in the back half, which is why we're giving that guidance on operating margin for the back half.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Maksim Rakhlenko with TD Cowen.
Maksim Rakhlenko: So first, Laura, can you discuss any learnings about your shoppers reactions as you pull back on promotions? Are shoppers reacting how you thought that they would? For instance, is your PB shopper may be a little bit more price conscious than you thought, or any other call-outs?
Laura Alber: Yes, as I said earlier, there's not lot to read there because the newness that's in the mid-price points are really working. We're not seeing a trade down. Furnitures is better than it was, but future is still soft, right? And it's a big portion of both the West Elm and Pottery Barn businesses, which is why the complexion is very different in those versus the more life stage kids and teen brand and also Williams-Sonoma. So yes, there's nothing really to read into that. What we do see is that they're not waiting for promotions to the point that they don't -- they're not worried that they're going to feel done if they don't want to the promotion, they can buy it when they need it. And our sales associates are thrilled that they can sell with confidence and not always be looking into a promo calendar to see when the next sale is.
Jeff Howie: Yes. I think Laura on the fact that -- yes, when we run promotions, we're really competing with ourselves a lot of time. And I think many of you heard me talk about the concept of shift versus lift and how much of the promotions are really incremental versus just moving it around and incentivizing the customer to wait for it to go on sale. So now we can really focus on serving the customers, selling to them, helping them with their design project. And the customer is not waiting for that next promotion, they're engaging on the design side.
Maksim Rakhlenko: Got It. That's helpful. And then, Jeff, maybe can you bridge the full year EBIT margin guide of 17.4% to 17.8%, and then the long-term margin guide of mid to high-teens? Sort of what would need to happen and the key drivers in a bull versus bear case?
Jeff Howie: Well, look, our long-term operating margin guidance is mid to high teens. And our guidance for this year puts us right back in the middle of that range. Certainly, sales are accelerating. We expect possibly some more margin expansion, but we've provided a range because there's a lot of variables in there. And we're pretty confident in our ability to sustain this profitability. We've demonstrated it -- last year, we delivered at $64 million. This year, we're guiding in the mid-17. So this is sustainable, and we're confident in our operating margin going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marni Shapiro with Retail Tracker.
Marni Shapiro: Congrats on some great execution in a choppy environment. Laura, I wanted to focus on some of the newness that you keep highlighting because it still -- not only is there a lot of new products like Roller Rabbit, for example, but it's the way you're attacking it. So I know like at UNC, you had an entire event at one of the buildings with Roller Rabbit or with Rhodes, I was just ground in social media about it. That was really, really great. And it feels like that mix between your merchandising and your marketing has really come together. So I'm curious, was that a change? Or am I just getting hit with it? Is it bringing new shoppers into these brands? Is it bringing them in with more frequency? And how should we think about this for the back half of the year?
Laura Alber: Thank you so much for the question. Yes, newness and innovation are really key parts of our strategy to drive growth, and we've seen a really strong response to newness. In West Elm, we've talked about newnesses checking across all categories, in particular in furniture. And in fact, we've seen double-digit positive comps in both West Elm summer and fall new furniture introductions. Now why you're not seeing that roll into the bigger number yet is because it's still a small percent of total because you want to make sure your newness is working before you bet the farm on it. We've had some great collaborations in West Elm. I touched on Rhodes. Rhodes this year is double last year. We introduced [indiscernible], who's an amazing shaft who has incredible furniture designs that we've introduced and that's also been a great one. In Pottery Barn, we're seeing a good response to our newness there too, especially in furniture and the seasonal decorating, which we're launching earlier than we've ever launched before. I am so thrilled to see people scooping up Christmas this early. They also have some great new collaborations in the hopper and are going to have an increased amount of collaborations next year. Kids and team have always been, in our company, our leader in collaborations and just amazing from the license programs that we run, the [indiscernible] to incredible designers like [indiscernible] and LoveShackFancy. They've really been able to hit the nail on the head with what their consumer wants at every life stage. And kids is different than teens, but we're covering both, and you can really see that we're on trend by the results in dorm. Williams-Sonoma, the branded product in Williams-Sonoma doing incredibly well. I'll give you 1 very specific example in Williams-Sonoma, which is our Williams-Sonoma branded cutlery. Higher margin, obviously, than the names out there that we all are familiar with and really rivaling them in volume. And there's also a lot of exclusives that we have and launch leads that we have with our key electrics partners and premium cookware. The Tucci collaboration, by the way, continues to be phenomenal, and we are not done with the innovation that Tucci is going to be bringing, not just for the back half, but through next year. And so we're excited about our -- we really excited about our back half lineup in Williams-Sonoma. We can't go into -- I mean I'd really like to talk about some of those things a little bit more, but I I'm always cautious about competition and not giving away too much information. But the punchline is, we have seen a very strong response to newness and collaborations. And Marni, you are right. We are doing things differently with our creator-led content about collaborations. When you combine a collaboration with an influencer on TikTok, you have magic. And we are continuing to build that scale and really draw in new customers through those channels. So thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities.
Seth Basham: My first question is just making sure I understand some of the moving pieces of the margin outlook, obviously, expecting a lower sales performance through the balance of the year, but you're holding your back half margin guidance. So Jeff, maybe you could give us some color as to where you see the upside, so to speak, on margins relative to a couple of months ago? What areas, whether it be deployments of gross margin or SG&A?
Jeff Howie: Seth. So on the operating margin outlook for the back half, we've consistently said all year that we anticipate that our back half operating margins would be flat year-over-year. What we've done this quarter is we've raised based upon our Q2 outperformance. In terms of the puts and takes on margin, we don't necessarily guide the individual lines, but we will give you some color commentary like I did before. The gross margin, some of the benefits that we had coming at us in the front half start to wind down in the back half. That includes the supply chain headwinds we're up against in the first half, which, as I said before, it was worth about 200 basis points. And then we start lapping the improved promos in the back half. So we see that as being essentially flat. And then just overall, this is true for our entire guidance is the macroeconomic uncertainty. We're taking a very prudent approach to our back half guidance given the macroeconomic backdrop. And if things are better, and we see some better performance in holiday, we could surprise the upside. But at the same time, if the macroeconomic environment is more challenging, we'll be more at the low end of our guidance.
Seth Basham: That's helpful color. So just to make sure I understood you, you're looking for gross margins to be flattish year-over-year in the back half [indiscernible] SG&A the same. What areas of SG&A do you have the opportunity to reduce in a slower sales environment? Are you talking primarily variable labor and advertising? Or is there anything else?
Jeff Howie: Yes. I mean, look, Seth, we don't guide individual lines, and we do that just got top line and operating margins that give us the flexibility to pull the levers we need to deliver results. And as you've seen, we know how to deliver results. In terms of [indiscernible] we have, certainly, ad cost is flexible, as Laura mentioned before. We evaluate this on almost a weekly basis depending upon the returns we're seeing and the effectiveness of the advertising. And then our employment, like I've said many times before and in my prepared remarks, our employment is largely variable. The majority of our employment is in our stores, our distribution centers and our customer care centers, and we can flex that in line with top line trends as things evolve. So I think the punchline here is, we're guiding flat operating margin guidance in the context of a very uncertain macroeconomic environment, and we're taking a very prudent approach with this guidance. And we're giving ourselves the flexibility to pull levers as we need to deliver the results.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Zaccone with Citi.
Steven Zaccone: I was going to focus a little bit more on the medium to longer term because understandably, the macro is challenging for the category. But as we start to see demand recover, right? We're at a point where this business has done very well on a merchandise margin and overall selling margin. What's the opportunity going forward? Presumably, you've pulled back from promotions in the business, why can't the gross margin rate for this business to be much higher as you start to see demand recover?
Laura Alber: Great question. I would say that housing is clearly a big driver of furniture sales. And we all know housing is about the worst it's been. But at the same time, there's a lot of people calling to the bottom here. And hopefully, we see an interest rate and multiple cuts in the next six months. Could take a little bit of time for that to flow through, but when people feel better, they tend to shop more, especially in our categories for their homes. And I really -- I said it before, but we want flexibility because we always want to give the customer greater value, right? So we don't want to overprice products. We want to make sure that our brands are accessible. We want people to be able to come and shop with us and across our brands not be so expensive that it's a very small group of people. So we hold that back to say there is a point at which you don't want to raise the margin too high and not be competitive. On the other hand, we're delivering this incredible margin against negative sales, negative sales a couple of years running here. So can you imagine what this looks like when the sales are flat to positive? I said it before, operating model is a coiled spring. It's very exciting to be sitting here knowing that we have built an organization with structural margin profitability profiles and a lot of innovation and capacity to grow much bigger than we are today without huge step-up investments.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session. I will turn the call to Laura for closing remarks.
Laura Alber: Yes. Well, thank you all for joining us. We are entering our favorite time of the year, which is the holidays. And I'll remind you that Halloween is right around the corner, as is Thanksgiving, Christmas and Hanukkah and the New Year. So I hope if you are out there in our stores and seeing all the great product lineups, we are very excited about what we have out there, and I look forward to talking to you next time. So thank you for your support. Appreciate it.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. We thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your line.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-22 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. First Quarter Fiscal 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]
 I would now like to turn the call over to Jeremy Brooks, Chief Accounting Officer and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Jeremy Brooks: Good morning, and thank you for joining our first quarter earnings call. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that during this call, we will make forward-looking statements with respect to future events and financial performance, including our updated guidance for fiscal '24 and our long-term outlook. We believe these statements reflect our best estimates. However, we cannot make any assurances these statements will materialize  and actual results may differ significantly from our expectations. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any of these statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after today's call. 
 Additionally, for the first quarter of last year, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. These measures should not be considered replacements for and should be read together with our GAAP results. A detailed reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure appears in Exhibit 1 to the press release we issued earlier this morning. 
 Also, for the first quarter of this year, we will refer to our GAAP results, both with and without the benefit of an out-of-period adjustment that we recorded during the first quarter. We believe providing these disclosures is useful to understanding our quarterly financial results. Jeff will share the details of this adjustment later in his prepared remarks. This call should also be considered in conjunction with our filings with the SEC. And finally, a replay of this call will be available on our Investor Relations website. 
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer. 
Laura Alber: Thank you, Jeremy. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining the call. Before we review our Q1 results, I want to take a moment to thank all of our teams around the globe for their consistent contributions to our company. We could not continue to produce strong earnings without their cross-functional collaboration and dedication. 
 We are pleased to deliver strong results in the first quarter of 2024, driven by an improving top line trend and continued strength in our profitability. In Q1, our comps came in above expectations at negative 4.9%, and we exceeded profitability estimates with an operating margin of 19.5% and earnings per share of $4.07. 
 It is important to note that the results of the first quarter include a benefit of $49 million, resulting from the reversal of freight-related accruals that we determined were not required, which contributed 290 basis points to our operating margin and $0.59 to our EPS. Jeff will walk you through this in more detail, but it is worth noting that even without the impact of this benefit, we significantly exceeded profitability expectations. As a result of our outperformance, we are raising our outlook on operating margin to now be in the range of 17.6% to 18% or 17% to 17.4%, when excluding the impact of the freight accrual reversal. 
 The strong results for the quarter are a result of our focus on our 3 key priorities in 2024: returning to growth; elevating our world-class customer service; and driving margin. I'll start first with returning to growth. We are pleased with the improvement in our top line trends and our market share gains in Q1. We are keenly focused on innovation in our product line across brands. And our unique in-house design capabilities and vertically integrated sourcing organizations allows us to offer this high-quality design innovation at compelling price points. 
 Another key component of our return-to-growth strategy is our marketing capabilities. Our in-house digital marketing optimization backed by our world-class customer analytics and our first-party data collection serves as a competitive advantage for our company. In the quarter, we increased our ad spend and invested in both our paid marketing and our proven social strategy. This investment allowed us to drive sales improvement to acquire new customers and to gain market share. 
 Additionally, we are continuing to improve our online experience through our investment in our proprietary e-commerce technology. From product discovery and selection to personalization to concept to customer care and to the final mile, our team is constantly thinking about how we can improve our best-in-class e-commerce experience. 
 And one way we do this is through AI. We believe our leadership in AI will be another competitive advantage. And it's important to not forget that as focused as we are on our digital capabilities, we are passionate about our service and our best-in-class retail business. We have improved our in-store experience with inspirational products, improved in-stock inventory levels and next level in-store services. Our teams are the best in retail, and our retail optimization efforts are transforming our fleet to be positioned in the most profitable, inspiring and strategic locations. 
 Moving to our second and third key priorities in 2024, which are inextricably intertwined. We continue to make progress improving our world-class customer service and driving margins. The customer is at the center of everything we do, and their satisfaction is key to our operating performance. 
 We are pleased with our high Net Promoter Scores, both in-store and in home, but we see more opportunity to improve. We know that providing our associates with new tools and training has a direct impact on our customer experience. And we are thrilled to bring back our annual store manager conference in Q2 of this year. This multi-day offsite meeting is an opportunity for all of our store managers to participate in strategic training. 
 The improvement in customer service also comes from supply chain efficiencies. We are reducing costs by limiting out of market and multiple shipments, fewer customer accommodations, lower returns and damages and reduce replacements. These improvements will continue to contribute meaningfully to our profitability in 2024 and beyond. And our ongoing commitment to not running site-wide promotions and the reduction of our promotional offerings have also improved margins. We are focused on delivering our compelling value equation to our customers, which in turn, maximizes our full price selling. 
 Now I'd like to update you on the performance of our brands. Pottery Barn ran a negative 10.8% comp in Q1. We continue to see softness in higher ticket furniture sales in Pottery Barn, but we've seen quarter-over-quarter improvement. We're having success in our proprietary print and pattern across textiles and easy decorating updates continue to drive sales. Highlights include newness in our Bloom shop, frames and decor. Our strength in seasonal celebrations also continues to resonate with our customers. 
 In March, we launched our first ever global collaboration with international icon, Deepika Padukone. Her popularity drove 1 billion impressions for the Pottery Barn brand. Customers also embrace the launch of our Coastal Lookbook, and they positively engaged with our newly developed apps. In the back half of this year, we're excited to introduce new innovation, both in-store with compelling new floor sets and online with improved digital shopping experience. 
 The Pottery Barn children's business ran a positive 2.8% comp in Q1. Across these life-stage businesses, we drove widespread comp trend improvement in the business. We've seen excellent customer response to our new product introductions with collaborations being a particular highlight. Our recent launches with partners such as LoveShackFancy and Lilly Pulitzer have driven sales and attracted new customers by tapping into relevant fashion and home decor trends. 
 In Baby, we're seeing double-digit registry growth and excellent customer response to our expanded essentials and gifting. In dorm, we recently launched our biggest collection to date with expanded XL twin bedding options, new no-nails wall decor and innovative storage solutions. In addition to the expanded assortment, we are excited to roll out improved dorm product selection functionality. And customers can also ship dorm products to any one of our company-owned stores near their college campus. 
 Moving to West Elm. In Q1, West Elm drove sequential improvement in its top line trend, running a negative 4.1% comp in the quarter. We're encouraged to see improvement in West Elm's demand trend even as we materially pull back on promotions. We are seeing strength in our new product sales with our spring units driving positive comp to last year, with particularly strong performance out of furniture, kids and decorative accessories. 
 Summer newness is also off to a great start with double and triple-digit newness comps. Given the positive trends in newness, we have a sizable opportunity in West Elm as it rebalances more inventory into these new products. 
 The Williams-Sonoma brand ran a positive 0.9% comp in Q1. This is the second consecutive quarter the Williams-Sonoma brand ran a positive comp with the Williams-Sonoma Kitchen business running a positive comp for the fourth consecutive quarter. During Q1, we inspired customers with exclusive and innovative products. We benefited from new introductions of Williams-Sonoma branded products in categories like bakeware, cutlery and food. The favorable customer response to these items continues to reinforce the opportunity we have to the Williams-Sonoma branded business. 
 In March, our co-branded collaborations drove media attention and results. Our popular collaboration with Aerin Lauder was expanded to include new items for both Williams-Sonoma and Williams-Sonoma Home. We also partnered with Trisha Yearwood to make our best-selling cocktail collaboration the official drink of our new 55,000 square foot bar and restaurant in Nashville that she built with her husband, Garth Brooks. 
 Now I'd like to update you on our other initiatives. Business-to-business grew 10% in Q1, driving record-breaking demand in the quarter. We saw improvement in our trade business, running a positive 6% on the quarter, along with continued momentum in our contract business, which represents about 1/3 of the B2B business up 18%. We're encouraged by our diverse book of businesses ranging from sofas for UT San Diego dorms to corporate gifting for Pebble Beach Company. We also saw continued growth for our existing large project customers such as Marriott, Dave & Buster's and Jamestown properties. 
 Now I'd like to talk about our global business. Despite ongoing macroeconomic pressures impacting our global business, we're pleased with the performance in key markets, including India, Canada and Mexico. In India, we are continuing to see strong growth from increased marketing and brand awareness campaigns across the brands. In Canada, our business is thriving in both the retail and direct-to-consumer channels, driven by enhanced omnichannel strategy, wider product selection and the expansion of our business-to-business program across all brands in the market. 
 And in Mexico, the market showed strength driven by a focus on the design business and expanded assortment fueled by our improved stock position. We will continue to leverage the knowledge gained from these markets to enhance the global customer experience in our new and emerging markets. 
 Lastly, I'd like to update you on emerging brands. Rejuvenation delivered another double-digit quarter. We saw all categories drive growth and continue to see success with both consumer and trade customers. The brand remains focused on delivering high-quality products that support your home remodel and refresh projects. 
 The strongest performance comes from bath, hardware and lighting, while we also see strength in several of our new growth categories like textiles, organization, window hardware and outdoor. Customers continue to update their homes, specifically in the kitchen and bath spaces and add the finishing touches with Rejuvenation. We are excited by the momentum in this brand and the growth potential this year and beyond. 
 Mark and Graham, our monogram gifting business, also drove a double-digit comp growth in Q1. The brand is increasingly recognized as an inspirational lifestyle brand experiencing continued growth as a go-to destination for gifts, including graduations and weddings. Q2 has started strong with a positive reception to the brand's Mother's Day and Father's Day gift selections.
 And finally, GreenRow, our newest brand, continues to grow and expand its assortment of vintage-inspired colorful furnishings that are sustainably sourced and designed to last. The second catalog dropped this month with a focus on print and pattern. We are seeing a very positive response to its unique offerings in the market and look forward to seeing additional assortment expansions and partnerships in the coming months. Being successful in exciting emerging brands demonstrate our ability to develop new businesses that expand our portfolio and address white space in the market. 
 In summary, we are extremely proud of our results. During the last few years, we, as a company, have navigated, learned, optimized and built all in preparation for our next chapter of growth. We have a strong omnichannel platform with an exclusive lifestyle offering and a sophisticated distribution network with additional capacity. We recognize that there is continued uncertainty with the environment and the consumer. 
 But because we operate in a highly fragmented market, we will continue to gain share by inspiring and servicing our customers. We remain committed to driving our 3 key priorities in 2024: one, returning to growth; two, elevating our world-class customer service; and three, driving margins. 
 And with that, I will turn it over to Jeff to walk you through the numbers and our outlook in more detail. 
Jeff Howie: Thank you, Laura, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased to deliver these strong Q1 results. We've seen sequential improvement in our top line trend and we continue to exceed expectations on the bottom line. 
 As Laura said, our results this quarter reflect 3 keys we've laid out for fiscal year '24. First, returning to growth, fueled by our brand strategies, emerging brand opportunities, business-to-business expansion and global footprint; second, elevating our world-class service, which drives both customer retention and expense savings; and finally, third, driving earnings as we continue to deliver strong profitability. 
 These 3 themes resonate across our earnings today. And given our strong Q1 results, we're confident we can deliver long-term growth and even stronger earnings as the customer shifts back to home. 
 Now let's dive into the numbers. I'll start with our Q1 results and then provide an update on guidance for '24. Net revenues finished at $1.66 billion, in line with our expectations. Our comp of negative 4.9% sequentially improved quarter-over-quarter. We saw better performance across both furniture and nonfurniture categories even as we reduced our overall level of promotions from last year. From a cadence perspective, our trends were relatively consistent across the quarter. 
 Moving down the income statement. Gross margin came in at 48.3%, which includes a $49 million or 290 basis point benefit from an out-of-period adjustment. Subsequent to filing our 10-K, we identified that we over accrued freight expense across fiscal years 2021, 2022 and 2023 by $49 million. Following the prescribed accounting rules, we determined the over accrual was not material to any prior period and not material to our projected full year '24 results. Therefore, we recorded the correction in Q1 as an out-of-period adjustment that benefited our results this quarter. Without the out-of-period adjustment, gross margin came in at 45.4%, 680 basis points higher than last year and substantially exceeding expectations. 
 There were 3 drivers to the 680 basis point improvement. First, merchandise margins improved 470 basis points, driven by lower ocean freight as we benefited from lapping last year's pandemic-related ocean freight runoff and our ongoing commitment to full-price selling. 
 Second, supply chain efficiencies contributed 240 basis points, driven by lower than pre-pandemic returns, accommodations, damages, replacements, out-of-market shipping and multiple deliveries per order. These supply change efficiencies are yielding a notable improvement in customer service and cost savings. 
 And third, occupancy costs, although down 3% from last year, deleveraged 30 basis points. We continue to optimize our retail fleet, while we invest in our world-class technology stack and our supply chain. Wrapping up our gross margin, we delivered substantially higher gross margin this quarter, driven by better merchandise margins, supply chain efficiencies and lower occupancy costs. 
 Turning now to SG&A. SG&A expense came in at 28.8% of revenues or 310 basis points higher than last year, driven by higher advertising spend, and incentive compensation. Advertising expense deleveraged 170 basis points as we continue to invest into higher levels of advertising spend to drive sales at an efficient return. Our multi-brand portfolio allows us to test the return of this incremental spend. Our own hands-on-keyboard approach allows our investment to go further, keeps our learnings in-house and gives us a competitive advantage in the home furnishings industry. 
 Employment expense was 100 basis points higher year-over-year, driven entirely by higher performance-based incentive compensation. Without incentive compensation, employment was flat year-over-year on a rate basis. In Q1, we continue to manage variable employment costs across our stores, distribution centers and customer care centers in accordance with top line trends. 
 On the bottom line, our earnings significantly exceeded expectations. Including the benefit from the out-of-period adjustment, operating income came in at $323.8 million; operating margin was 19.5%; and diluted earnings per share was $4.07. The out-of-period adjustment increased operating income by $49 million; operating margin by 290 basis points; and earnings per share by $0.59. 
 Without the out-of-period adjustment, our earnings still significantly exceeded expectations. Operating income came in at $274.8 million; operating margin was 16.6%, 370 basis points above last year; and diluted earnings per share was $3.48, up $0.84 or 32% year-over-year. 
 On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with a cash balance of $1.3 billion with no debt outstanding. This was after we invested $40 million in capital expenditures supporting our long-term growth, and we returned $107 million to our shareholders through quarterly dividends and share repurchases. Merchandise inventories ended the quarter at $1.2 billion, down 13% to last year. Overall, our inventories are well positioned to support our business. 
 Summing up our Q1 results. We're proud to have delivered another quarter of earnings substantially exceeding expectations. I'd like to thank our talented dedicated team at Williams-Sonoma, Inc. for delivering these outstanding results. 
 Now let's turn to our '24 outlook. Given our Q1 results, we are reiterating our revenue guidance and raising our operating margin guidance for fiscal year '24. On the top line, we continue to expect full year '24 net revenues to be in the range of down 3% to up 3%, with comps between down 4.5% to up 1.5%. We anticipate sequential improvement across the year, with the first half tougher than the second half as our top line comparisons get easier and our growth drivers accelerate. 
 On the bottom line, we are raising our guidance based upon our Q1 results, but anticipate our operating margins going forward will be relatively in line with '23 results. We are raising our operating margin guidance to a range of 17.6% to 18%, which includes a 60 basis point benefit from the full year impact of the out-of-period adjustment.
 Without the out-of-period adjustment, we expect our full year operating margin will be in the range of 17% to 17.4%, a raise of 50 basis points due to our strong Q1 results. Additionally, we expect our full year interest income to be approximately $40 million and our full year effective tax rate to be approximately 25.5%. 
 As a reminder, 2024 is a 53-week year for Williams-Sonoma, Inc. So the fourth quarter will consist of 14 weeks. We anticipate the additional week will contribute 150 basis points to revenue growth and 10 basis points to operating margins, both of which are embedded in our guidance. We will report comps on a 53-week versus 53-week comparable basis. All other year-over-year compares will be 53 weeks versus 52 weeks. 
 Our capital allocation plans for '24 remain unchanged. We expect to spend $225 million in capital expenditures to invest in the long-term growth of our business. 75% of this capital spend will be dedicated to drive our e-commerce leadership and supply chain efficiency. We remain committed to returning excess cash to our shareholders in the form of increased quarterly dividend payouts and ongoing share repurchases. 
 For dividends, in March, we announced an increase in our quarterly dividend payout of 26% or $0.23 to $1.13 per share. Fiscal year '24 will be the 15th consecutive year of increased dividend payouts, which we are both proud of and remain committed to. For share repurchases, we have $956 million remaining under our $1 billion share repurchase authorization through which we will opportunistically repurchase our stock to deliver returns to our shareholders. 
 As we look further into the future beyond '24, we are reiterating our long-term guidance of mid- to high single-digit revenue growth with operating margins in the mid- to high teens. We're confident we'll continue to outperform our peers and deliver shareholder growth for these 5 reasons that remain consistent: our ability to gain market share in the fragmented home furnishings industry; the strength of our in-house proprietary design; the competitive advantage of our digital-first but not digital-only channel strategy; the ongoing strength of our growth initiatives; and the resiliency of our fortress balance sheet. 
 With that, I'll open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Kate McShane with Goldman Sachs. 
Katharine McShane: I have one kind of bigger picture question and then one question with regards to the accounting that was stated today. So first, we wondered if you could talk a little bit more about the big ticket trends you're seeing. I know you noted better performance in furniture. But we're curious to build down on that a little bit more in terms of what you saw in Q1 versus maybe what you were seeing in Q4. 
 And then with regards to the accounting, we're wondering with regards to the COGS change, why it's only '21 through '23 and why there's not an impact to Q1 '24. 
Laura Alber: Kate, it's Laura. In terms of big ticket, Q4 is not a big furniture time of the year. Of course, the comps are comparable. We don't bring in a lot of newness in Q4. But we are seeing improvements in our furniture business, and high ticket has always been one of those things -- you have to remember, we have electrics in high ticket, we have a lot of other types of products in high ticket that aren't furniture. But we haven't seen a trend in high  softness, we've seen more of a furniture softness trend that appears to be better. 
 We have some really wonderful selling on new products in the spring and summer season that are both in Pottery Barn and in West Elm. And then also, we're seeing better performance out of our kids furniture business, where we introduced new finishes, which make a huge difference to these furniture collections and also they have categories in the children's home furnishings business that naturally have a lot of growth. For example, dorm and then also Baby. And those are more life stage versus housing related. So we're seeing more firmness there. 
Jeff Howie: All right, Kate, I'll take the second question on the accounting. So you asked why it's only '21 through '23 and not '24. I think for some context, what really drove the out-of-period adjustment was the supply chain volatility that happened during the pandemic, which really hit years '21 through '23. And just to remind everyone, the pandemic put tremendous pressure on international supply chains. We faced disruption, delays, material cost swings, contract renegotiations, changes in terms by vendors, balance renegotiations, and all these pressures added a layer of complexity to the already imprecise process we use to estimate freight expense. So it was really pandemic-driven and it would not have impacted Q1 '24, because as we cleaned up our balance sheet and reconciled our approval, it would just cancel itself out in Q1. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Horvers with JPMorgan. 
Christopher Horvers: So my first question is, what your early reads are on the outdoor category. Obviously, that's a bigger portion of the second quarter versus Sonoma really shining around the Easter holiday and it looks like April was pretty tough on the weather. So would you expect some of that outdoor category to shift into the second quarter?
 And sort of related to Kate's question, as you think about like the sequential improvement in the business, mix will have an effect. So does the weather shift maybe to 2Q sort of offset the fact that the mix of Williams-Sonoma is lower in the second quarter? 
Laura Alber: Chris, it's Laura. The outdoor category gets consistent -- is consistent with the performance of our furniture categories, okay? It's not -- it's about the same. And the curve, if you're referring to the curve of sales, it's more like before the pandemic than when the pandemic happened, immediately after when it was an early rush to get the home furniture -- to get the outdoor furniture. Now it's a more normalized curve, and we have a really pretty good handle on where we think this is going to end up, and it's embedded in our guidance. 
Jeff Howie: I would also just add, Chris, that I know there's been a lot of talk out there in the industry about the impact of weather. We're not really seeing that impact. I think because we are predominantly online, the weather doesn't impact us the same way. So we don't see that as an impact on a shift between quarters, as you alluded to. 
Christopher Horvers: Got it. And then just on the margin. I know you don't guide by quarters, but typically, the back half of the year is a much higher operating margin period than the first half of the year. And you don't guide by quarter, but it would imply -- it would seem to imply that you don't get that historical uptick in the back half based on where you guided the year. 
 It seems like you, in large part, just passed along the first quarter beat on the margin side. So is that a fair assessment of how you approach the year guidance? And was there anything unique in the first quarter then that is perhaps not sustainable? 
Jeff Howie: Yes, Chris. I think you hit the nail on the head in that, there were some unique things in Q1, and it really comes down to what we're up against from a last year compare basis. Let's remember that in Q1 last year, Q1 '22 was the high point of our supply chain headwinds, which really benefited us the most in Q1, and we're quickly coming to the end of that benefit. And we're lapping starting in Q2 and even stronger in Q3 and Q4, more benefits that we had last year from those headwinds.
 Additionally, we also started to lap the benefit we saw last year from our focus on full price selling and supply chain efficiencies. And while we feel great about our results, let's remember, it's early in the year. There's a lot of uncertainty. So that's why we're guiding our full year operating margins to be essentially flat year-over-year Q2 through Q4. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cristina Fernndez with Telsey Advisory Group. 
Cristina Fernandez: Congratulations on the good results. I wanted to ask also a big picture question around demand. You call out trade in B2B up 6%. I think that hasn't been up in a few quarters. And the bigger -- sort of the furniture trends getting slightly better, do you feel it's a function of your consumer that's more fluent, feeling better about spending on the home or just more company-specific initiatives that are driving those results? 
Laura Alber: No, I think that we -- I know that we've been focused on what we can control. And as we've said in the beginning of the year and last year, we're not planning and we are not dependent what's going to happen in the macro. I mean, who knows what's going to happen in the macro. We're paying attention to what we can control, which is innovation. And innovation -- the right product, the right price, shown beautifully. We've improved the photography in our brands. We've improved the website functionality, and we're looking very closely at how we improve what happens in our stores. 
 Our stores are billboards for our brands. And when you go in now, you're expecting to be able to take things home the minute you go in, not wait for things. And so we've stocked them higher and we've made sure that there's enough newness in our stores to drive excitement again. And those are some of the things that we're really seeing improve our results.
 As far as B2B goes, remember, there's 2 parts to this business, trade and contract. And the contract business is less dependent on housing and consumer. And we have some great wins in the verticals that we're focused on, both in hospitality, sports and entertainment. And the key point here is that B2B is really a very important strategic initiative for us and a huge part of our growth in the future, because it's such a fractured market and nobody has much share and it is quite big. 
 And it leverages our brands, our ability to design for individual clients, our global sourcing capabilities and our ability to service people with single deliveries versus having things come from a bunch of different suppliers. So we continue to be very confident about B2B and it is less affected by what's going on with housing. 
Cristina Fernandez: And then as a follow-up, you called out some of the growth initiatives accelerating through the year, given your confidence to hit the full year guide. Can you talk about which initiatives are more impactful as we move through the year? 
Laura Alber: Sure. I think the first one, our brands are amazing, high-quality. We design our own products and we have our own proprietary website, West Elm, and the return to growth in West Elm is a big part of our focus. And I could not be more excited about what we're seeing in terms of West Elm reads on newness and where the team is going, the high-quality collaborations that we have in the back year -- half of the year. And also just building on what's working now and getting back in stock and being more confident with this new modern aesthetic that we are giving to our customers.
 The other part of West Elm that I think is very important to note is, it's been predominantly a big furniture business. And we know that for repeat purchases and excitement, you want to have things that people can buy to update their health for a dinner party or just to change the way the living room looks with new pillows. And so we've been very focused on smalls, when I say that, the things that are easier to buy, easy updates for the home. And we're going to continue to push that percent to total which is good for new customer acquisition. So West Elm is a key part of our growth strategy in the back half. 
 Of course, I'm really excited about what we're seeing with our new Williams-Sonoma launches. I don't know if you've been able to go to our website, but we have a new gorgeous navy Jura collection, which is exclusive to us in the market. And another example of extremely impactful collaborations is our collaboration with Shondaland and Netflix's Bridgerton, which is doing very well. And as you know, Bridgerton is the most watched show right now on Netflix. So we're excited to have hit that nail on the head.
 Our kids and teen businesses, collaborations are a big part of that comp growth, and we have more in store and building on those. And of course, the carve-out of Baby and dorm, so good. And then in Pottery Barn, we're seeing some really nice new collection selling, as I referenced earlier, that we're building on for the fall season. And very beautiful floor sets for fall and then, of course, holiday, where we own decorating and entertaining. Not anybody else does what we do in a high-quality way for the holidays. 
 So those are our big brands. And then, of course, our emerging brands, I touched on. Really nice momentum, very different aesthetically, serving a different way to entertain and decorate. And we've seen double-digit comp growth in those brands and are really pushing the growth for those in the future. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lasser with UBS. 
Daniel Silverstein: This is Dan Silverstein on for Michael. 
Michael Lasser: I'm sorry, we -- yes, yes, yes. Sorry, we got our lines crossed. This is Michael Lasser. Our question is, if you continue to outperform by the magnitude that you did in the first quarter, would you look to reinvest that back into demand-driving initiatives or would you let it flow to the bottom line? 
Laura Alber: We're always investing in demand-driving initiatives. We're very aggressive about that. And the key is where it really drives incremental sales versus trading sales or just spending more money. So we're very disciplined in how we look at our investments. That's why we have industry-leading ROIC. And the obvious places you invest, as you saw us do was in ad costs. That's the biggest thing.
 In terms of big investments, we've mentioned our supply chain is built for more volume than we have. And our proprietary e-commerce platform is -- they are -- it doesn't require the kind of step up investment that other people had to put in because it's -- we've been doing it for so long. We have such a big percent of total in e-commerce already. So it's not a new thing for us. It's something that we can just build incremental adds to that are helpful to the customer experience.
 So it's -- when you say incremental investment to drive demand in the short term, that is ad costs. Promos are not something in our vernacular anymore. We do take markdowns, but that is the demand-driving way that other people take and it is not one that is sustainable in our opinion. 
Michael Lasser: Very helpful. Two follow-ups on that. Can you quantify how much you will be investing in advertising this year, either as a percentage of sales or the dollar amount? And where does full-price selling stand today across the different brands versus where that same percentage was prior to the pandemic? 
Laura Alber: We're fighting over your question. Yes. So in terms of ad costs, I wish we knew. It's so dynamic and we're so lucky to have this amazing team that's so sophisticated at looking at the different ad cost streams and reading the results. And it's a lot about the bids from others and where the demand is going and where it's not because what is true today might not be true in a month. So we have a monthly long full-day meeting where we review every brand and every stream. And we put our investments down where we're seeing returns. We test in one brand and roll it out to others. 
 Jeff can put this more in context, if you want, on the ad cost? 
Jeff Howie: Yes. I think it's also just important to remember, as you know, we guide the top line revenues and bottom line operating margin because it gives us flexibility to respond to changes in the business. And as everyone's seen, we know the levers to pull to deliver results. So while we'll go through the year, it's a very uncertain environment, who knows how the year shapes out, but we can adjust our levers as we see the trends develop to deliver results for our shareholders. 
Laura Alber: And then in terms of full price selling -- did you want me to... 
Michael Lasser: Yes, yes, for sure. Yes. 
Laura Alber: Thank you. That is a number we haven't given, but it's significant over last year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Zaccone with Citi. 
Steven Zaccone: Laura, I wanted to ask a macro question. We've seen some improved data points in the furnishing space. and you've mentioned the furniture softness appears to be getting better. So I'm curious for your assessment of like replacement cycles in the industry and this concept of like easy wins with people purchasing on smaller ticket items. Do you think we're starting to see some glimpses of replacement cycle and spending on the home. Curious of your assessment. 
Laura Alber: I have no idea. I think that everyone believes that the interest rates are never going to change, they're going to be more likely to buy than if they believe they're going to go down, they're going to wait. That's one theory I have. But that's just a theory. You can't prove anything.
 What I know is that where we have innovative products that's priced right, we're winning. And that's exciting to see because that makes me feel like we're more in control than at the whim of the macro. I mean, but imagine like right now, we produced these results in Q1 with the soft housing environment. Imagine what it could be like when it turns. But when that's going to happen, your guess is as good as mine. 
Steven Zaccone: Okay. Fair enough. Jeff, a question for you. On gross margin, you've had a lot of strength. Could we talk a little bit about the multiyear opportunity from here? Maybe following up on Michael's question, full-price selling is up relative to last year. Is there opportunity for that to still go higher from here? 
Jeff Howie: Well, as you know, as I said before, we don't guide to specific lines and our overall operating margin guidance for the balance of the year is essentially to be flat year-over-year. There is more opportunity potentially in gross margin, particularly from supply chain efficiencies and higher full-price selling. But we are starting to lap the benefit we had last year from coming up against the headwinds I talked so much about. 
 And as Laura mentioned, we have levers to pull, and there's a chance that if our gross margin was higher, then there's more opportunity to reinvest back in the business to drive the top line if we see efficient returns from that investment. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Basham with Wedbush. 
Seth Basham: Congrats on continued strong results. My question is a follow-up on the last one. Just thinking about all the supply chain margin benefits that you've gotten over the last couple of quarters. Can you give us a little bit more insight into the key drivers there and the initiatives you have to further improve your outbound supply chain in the U.S.? 
Laura Alber: Yes, absolutely. Our goal is perfect order, damage-free, on time. And although we have really improved things from the pandemic and, in some cases, hit customer service records, there's still a lot of room to go. And that is the focus of our supply chain team. We did have, as you know, last year, a lot of increases in inbound freight detention demurrage. We're no longer incurring those dramatically high costs.
 In terms of service, the team is really focused on a very low return replacement rate, and we are digging into and root-causing every single incident that we have to make sure that, that is not happening again, and that's going to continue to go throughout the year and beyond. And getting the inventory in the right place helps us incur less out-of-market multiple shipments. And honestly, there's still room to do more of that as we further optimize our inventory buys by DC. 
 And honestly, there are redundancies that we're finding and better ways to ship things with our use of AI, looking at orders and figuring out whether we want to optimize for speed or cost or what we want to do for that individual customer in an automated way. 
 So we're making -- we've made investments in supply chain. You know that we opened our Arizona DC. I'm pleased to tell you that it's up and running. And that should give us an advantage at time in the back half when we hit our peak season this year and closer to our West Coast customers. So we have, in previous quarters absorbed some of those costs. 
 And truthfully, a lot of people ship apparel and floor goods as well. There's not a lot of people who can ship furniture well and do it efficiently. And it's not only a huge margin driver for us, and we do it well. It's also incredibly good for customer service. And I've always said, the person who can deliver the order will win this whole market because it is a very frustrating experience to not receive your furniture on time and damage-free, and it's very difficult to do. So I'm thrilled with our progress, but truth is, there's still a lot more to do to hit that perfect order. 
Seth Basham: That's really helpful color. And then my follow-up question is just on the incentive compensation margin headwind this quarter. Was part of that accrual associated with the out-of-period adjustment or is it for the underlying results? And how should we think about incentive compensation year-over-year for the balance of the year based on your guidance? 
Jeff Howie: Great question, Seth. So the incentive compensation did not include any benefit from the out-of-period adjustment. It was simply our beat in Q1 versus our budget, so we had to take up the accrual. And any additional results from incentive compensation are essentially embedded in our guidance. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Max Rakhlenko with TD Cowen. 
Maksim Rakhlenko: Congrats on the nice results. So first, can you speak to your level of confidence in Williams-Sonoma's ability to regain lost market share on the upswing? And if peers do remain promotional even when demand improves, how will that impact your own strategy as it could make regaining some of that market share tougher? 
Laura Alber: No, Max, as you know, this is such a fractured market. And there's not really anybody who owns very much share that hasn't moved that much. But the thing that I'm very confident about is the amount that's still done in retail stores, mom-and-pops versus online. And it's going to be very hard for people to scale online like we have already. And so that is the big key competitive moat that we have as we look to the future, because I know that it won't be such a low number that is transacted online in the future. When that happens, it's coming to us. So I worry less about some of these other things that people bring up. 
 And I also know that there's no one who's really designing their own product from soups to nuts like we do in a lifestyle format, which is the other huge advantage that we have. And that gives us pricing power. It's not that we're trying to overprice things, in fact, our value is fantastic. And in each of our brands, you can look at some of the new bestsellers and the price is so sharp because the competitive set has nothing like it or it's only done in the highest end designer markets.
 So without going through our competitive bestsellers with everybody on the call, including our competition, I will tell you that the things that are really working, you cannot find a similar product in the market anywhere close to our prices. So I don't worry as much about the up-down pricing because I think our consumers -- especially our consumer is extremely smart. They shop around, and they know what they're getting and they also know the quality differential. 
Jeff Howie: I would also just add in that we compete not just on price, we compete on quality as well. But even more importantly, we compete on service. And these investments we're making in service really resonate with the customer and help with customer retention and are as strong a driver of our customers' purchase decisions as price is. 
Maksim Rakhlenko: Got it. That's super helpful. And then just a quick follow-up, but any color on quarter-to-date, how has May gone for you guys? Is it more of the same with stability? Or are you potentially seeing any further improvement? 
Laura Alber: Yes. So quarter-to-date, difference than last quarter, we're only like 3 weeks in. So when we gave Q4, we had 6 weeks, and we were more confident talking about it. And our big weeks are ahead of us. So we're still very confident in our guidance, but I wouldn't read too much into the first 3 weeks, which is why I don't want to comment on it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer. 
Brian Nagel: Congrats on another really nice quarter. Very nicely done. So the question I have -- look, I think it's -- I'll move it to one question, but maybe bigger picture. So here, we're watching your model unfold here. I mean, sales, top line trends, are -- you're still soft, maybe getting better but still soft, but you continue to have these operating margin increases. 
 So I guess the question I have here is, as you look out recognizing you don't know for certain when -- at what point the top line trends will renormalize, get back to the normalized growth rates for your company, your brands, but is there any reason to believe that you -- as that happens, you wouldn't continue to get a significant leverage through that P&L? 
Jeff Howie: I understand the question, Brian. Thanks for asking it. I wish it was easy to say that for every 100 basis points of comp, x basis points would drop to the bottom line. Certainly, my Monday morning meetings would go a lot easier. But it's just not that way, there's a lot of different levers in the business. And time will tell, which is why our long-term guidance is mid- to high-teens operating margins, and we still feel comfortable in that range. 
Brian Nagel: Okay. So -- I appreciate that, Jeff. Maybe I will slip in one more question, just broader sector-wise. Again, you've done a nice -- very nice job managing your promotions. What are you seeing promotionally out there that you're competing with, so to say? Is it still aggressive? Is it getting more aggressive? Any change on that? 
Laura Alber: Yes, it's very aggressive. I looked -- when we look across the board, you can see that a lot of the specialty smaller brands are 20% off the whole site, just take a browse through the names. And I'm talking everything. And then some of the bigger specialties have 20% off the whole category, not just things that are still moving, but the whole category. 
 People are playing with shipping. They're playing with double rewards. They have e-mail offers in the department stores that are 25% off if you give me your e-mail. So it is extremely aggressive out there and particularly in certain categories where that is the only thing people know how to do. And that's -- I don't -- that's the way it's been. I don't remember a time in my career that it hasn't been promotional. It is what it is. It doesn't appear to be getting less at all. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Oliver Wintermantel with Evercore ISI. 
Oliver Wintermantel: Yes. And I just want to get back to the long-term guidance and then the guide for this year on your mid to high teens long-term operating margin and then this year's guide of 17% to 17.4% without the adjustment. That sounds very, very consistent. Is that the messaging? Or how can you -- can you maybe explain how you think about your longer-term margin versus today's margin guide for the year? 
Jeff Howie: Yes. When we think about our current operating margin guidance, our long term operating margin guidance, I think the key point is our operating margin is sustainable. That's been one of the questions if we think back over the past 18, 24 months, is where is the operating margin going? In 2023, we established a 15% operating margin floor. We delivered 16.4%. And this year, we started the guide at 16.5% to 16.8%. Now we're guiding 17% to 17.4% without the operating margin -- sorry, without the out-of-period adjustment. 
 But look, we are at a level that is sustainable. And I think that's the key message as we've structurally improved our margin. Margins for Williams-Sonoma, Inc. in the mid- to high teens is sustainable over the long term. And it's what is our guidance, and it's what we've been able to achieve. 
Oliver Wintermantel: Got it. And then just to follow up on inventories down 13%. Was that mostly dollars or units? 
Jeff Howie: Well, we report in dollars, in cost dollars. So it was a dollar metric. And overall, our message is our inventories are well positioned to support our business trends. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. 
Simeon Gutman: My first question, it's back on gross margin. So you are lapping some supply chain savings. This quarter, you still had a significant gain in the merch margin? And just to clarify, there aren't supply chain or shipping in there. And what drove the merch margin? And if it is the fewer promos, why shouldn't that level hold and we see merch margin gains continue throughout 2024? 
Jeff Howie: Simeon. So let's think about this. In Q1 of this year, we lapped 300 basis points of supply chain headwinds from last year. So there's about 380 basis points between that and the 680 that we reported, excluding the out-of-period adjustment. So it was not just merchandise margins, there were some that were merchandise margins and there were some that were supply chain efficiency. 
 Certainly, in the merchandise margins, we did benefit from lower ocean freight year-over-year. But there is also merchandise margins -- in there is also full price selling. We did continue to reduce promotions versus last year in the quarter. And while there's still some that we can reduce later on, we're starting to lap our efforts last year.
 And in supply chain efficiencies, the other piece in here is we started -- we over delivered there, but we also started to lap that improvement year-over-year as we progressed through the year. So there's diminishing margin returns here. But look, we feel great about our results. We're starting to lap harder compares in the bottom line, but it's early in the year, and there's a lot of uncertainty. 
Simeon Gutman: And then just a follow-up to that. The IMUs or the markups in some of the newness, if that over-indexes, is that a good guide to gross margin or about the same? 
Jeff Howie: It's probably about the same. And there's puts and takes between gross margin and SG&A. But it goes back to how we give our guidance. We guide the top and the bottom line. We're guiding that the next 3 quarters will be essentially flat year-over-year and that there are levers we can pull within there to drive results. 
Laura Alber: And the newness doesn't come in higher margins than something we've been running. Actually, when we rebuy a new product, we're able to often renegotiate their costs because we're buying more on those efficiencies in the supply chain when we buy more. So that would come a little bit later as we increase the orders. 
 And I will just say another component that is in our numbers is the reduction in costs across the board from our vendors, our vendor partners and really focusing on our efforts to be more accurate on our inventory buys so they can be more efficient in their factories. So that's also been a component of what's been going on and one that should be stable through the back half of the year.
 Thank you. Well, thanks to all of you for joining us. And I hope you have a wonderful summer, and we look forward to talking to you in the fall. Take care. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference. We thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-03-13 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Jeremy Brooks, Chief Accounting Officer and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Jeremy Brooks: Good morning, and thank you for joining our fourth quarter earnings call. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that during this call, we will make forward-looking statements with respect to future events and financial performance, including guidance for fiscal '24 and our long-term outlook. We believe these statements reflect our best estimates. However, we cannot make any assurances that these statements will materialize and actual results may differ significantly from our expectations.  
 The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any of these statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after today's call. Additionally, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. These measures should not be considered replacements for and should be read together with our GAAP results. A detailed reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure appears in Exhibit 1 to the press release we issued earlier this morning. This call should also be considered in conjunction with our filings with the SEC. 
 Finally, a replay of this call will be available on our Investor Relations website. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer. 
Laura Alber: Thank you, Jeremy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the call. Before we get into our Q4 results, I'd like to acknowledge the accomplishments of the entire team at Williams-Sonoma, Inc. The results we are about to share with you today reflect their collaboration, innovation and dedication, and I want to give everybody on this team a huge shout-out and a huge thank you.  
 We are pleased with our strong finish to 2023. In Q4, our comp came in above expectations at negative 6.8%, with a 2-year comp at negative 7.4% and a 4-year comp at positive 29.1%. In the quarter, we exceeded profitability estimates with an operating margin of 20.1% and earnings per share of $5.44. 
 Turning to the full year. Our comp went down 9.9% with a 2-year comp at negative 3.4% and a 4-year comp at positive 35.6%. We delivered an annual operating margin of 16.4% with full year earnings per share of $14.85 beating our 2023 comp guidance of negative 10% to negative 12% and hitting our operating margin range of 16% to 16.5%.  
 I think it's worth putting these results in context. 4 years ago, the global pandemic changed how we worked and lived as most of us began to spend an unprecedented amount of time in our homes and interest rates were historical lows. As a result of these 2 dynamics, the demand for home furnishing surged. Our company was well positioned to meet this demand with its compelling product assortment, supply chain capabilities and the experience of our tenured management team. But the demand of the pandemic came with complications, including supply chain inefficiencies and higher vendor costs. Despite these increased costs and complexities, we stayed focused on innovating our proprietary products, running a full price business and managing ad costs and employment expenses.  
 As we came out of the record year in 2022, we started to see slowing in our sales trend as interest rates increased and home sales declined. Decreases in furniture demand continued to put pressure on our top line. But again, we stayed focus on transforming our operations, cutting costs and improving supply chain inefficiencies, all which drove us to nearly double our profitability compared to pre-pandemic. Our exceptional results in 2023 were driven by strong operational execution in a challenging environment for home furnishings.  
 While the data suggested that consumers were resilient, they shifted away from home into experiences in entertainment and they have been hesitant on furniture purchases. Nonetheless, we have continued to drive results. From prepandemic through the pandemic and to today, we have navigated, learned, optimized and built all in preparation for our next chapter of growth. We have developed a strong omni-channel platform and have invested in a distribution network with additional capacity.  
 Going forward, we see another growth opportunity on the horizon for our company, resulting from a more normalized interest rate environment, improved home sales and our strategy. As we look to next year and beyond, we are focused on 3 key priorities: First, returning to growth; second, elevating our world-class customer service; and three, driving margins. Our growth will be driven by our business strategies in each of our core businesses, our B2B program, our emerging brands and our global business. 
 We will continue to improve our world-class customer service by driving supply chain improvements from reduced out of market and multiple shipments, fewer customer accommodations, lower returns and damages and reduced replacements. These improvements will continue to contribute meaningfully to our profitability in 2024 and beyond.  And we see opportunity to drive margin by continuing our focus on full price selling and cost negotiations.  
 As it relates to other cost efficiencies, we will maintain our employment cost savings that we achieved last year following our comprehensive review of our organization structure. Regarding marketing, we continue to increase our spend, and we are seeing very effective returns on our paid marketing and on our social strategy. This investment will both drive sales and help us acquire new customers. Our in-house marketing expertise and performance-driven approach continues to serve as a differentiator between us and our peers.
 Also, our ongoing investment in our proprietary e-commerce technology continues to improve our online experience. We are focused on offering customers inspiring content and dynamic tools to assist with design projects and AI is accelerating these efforts. We see many opportunities for our business from developments in AI, and we believe our leadership in this area will be yet another competitive advantage.  
 As focused as we are on our digital and e-commerce capabilities, we remain passionate about our best-in-class retail business. We continue to improve our in-store experiences with inspirational products and next-level design services. I truly believe our teams are the best in the industry. And our continued retail optimization efforts have transformed our fleet to be positioned in the most profitable, inspiring and strategic locations.  
 On the sustainability front, in Q4, we are proud to be the only home furnishings retailer included in the 2023 Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index. And we started 2024 by being named one of Barron's 100 most sustainable companies. Our commitment to value is embedded in our company strategy, and we are proud of our recognition as a leader in sustainable home furnishings. 
 Now I'd like to spend a few minutes talking about our brands. Pottery Barn ran a negative 9.6% comp in Q4 and ran a negative 3.8% on a 2-year basis and positive 38.1% on a 4-year basis. The comp improved sequentially from Q3 but still ran negative due to the pullback in consumer spending and furniture.  
 During the holiday season, we saw strength in seasonal decor, entertaining and home textiles. The brand experienced a strong customer response over the Black Friday, Cyber Monday period, and we continue to reduce discounting and strengthen our merchandise margins. The brand benefited from a Q4 launch of the Pottery Barn mobile shopping and design app. This new app allows customers to shop full room designs, share their favorite products and connect with a design expert all through the convenience of their phone or tablet.  
 We anticipate the continued customer adoption of this app will drive conversion for Pottery Barn in 2024 and beyond. As we launch our exclusive spring product collections, we're seeing continued strength in fashion bedding, home furnishings and  botanicals. Customers are continuing to gravitate towards easy updates with color, prints and pattern. 
 The Pottery Barn children business ran a negative 2.5% comp in Q4 and was 1.5% positive on a 2-year basis and 21.1% positive on a 4-year basis. We continue to be focused on delivering compelling innovation and evolving the customer experience, and we are pleased to see improvement in the comp. Our baby business continued to be very strong and represents a sizable opportunity. We have been delivering growth in registry with our curated assortment, easy-to-use mobile app and in-store baby experts.  
 We've also introduced new products that are both high in quality and innovation, such as our dream deluxe power swivel recliner with heat and massage. Also, we're proud of our collaborations, and we just launched [indiscernible], who is making her debut line for baby with whimsical design and keepsake  quality. Also in Q4, we saw a strong consumer response to our expanded seasonal offerings that range from baby's first Christmas to Grinch-themed betting for teens. We saw customers return to us for Valentine's Day and Easter with a strong response to our new collaborations, including an expanded collection of Hello Kitty. We're also seeing a particularly strong trend with our NFL offering in teens. And finally, we're seeing strength in nursery furniture, a purchase that is less dependent on new home sales.  
 Moving to West Elm. West Elm is the brand that has been the most impacted by the consumer pullback in furniture. In Q4, West Elm ran a negative 15.3% and was negative 26% on a 2-year basis and positive 17.5% on a 4-year basis. However, what I'm excited about are our new product sales from this year's holiday assortment, which has strong growth to last year across all categories. The customers responded positively to fresh designs in furniture, textiles and decorative accessories. We also saw strong sales in holiday decor. And as we move into 2024, newness continues to accelerate and is performing well. 
 Given these positive trends in newness, we continue to see a sizable opportunity in West Elm as it rebalances more inventory into these new products. The Williams-Sonoma brand ran a positive 1.6% comp in Q4. On a 2-year basis, the brand was negative 0.9% and was positive 29.8% on a 4-year basis. In Q4, the Williams-Sonoma Kitchen business ran a positive comp for the third consecutive quarter, and our Williams-Sonoma home business meaningfully improved.  
 Retail has been very strong, with inspiring in-store events and dramatically improved in stocks. Our seasonal categories grew double digits and we saw strength in core businesses like cookware and bakeware, as customers gravitated towards gifting and entertaining at home. Throughout the quarter, collaborations like our Cookware partnership with GreenPan and Stanley Tucci and the launch of a partnership with one of Netflix most watched shows, Bridgerton, continue to drive sales, buzz and new customer acquisition.  
 Now I would like to update you on our other initiatives. Business-to-business ended the year strong with Q4 at positive 5%, bringing the total year to a positive 1%, coming in just under $1 billion. The contract business exceeded expectations at positive 31% on the year, fueled by continued strength in the hospitality and residential sectors along with early traction in developing segments such as health care, gaming and senior living. Flagship projects in the back half of the year range from providing furnishings from medical office providers across the country as well as entertainment venues like Dave & Buster's.  
 Our B2B team also provided guest room furniture for the new Fontainebleau hotel that recently opened in Vegas. Now I'd like to talk about our global business. While macroeconomic pressures continue to affect our global business, we are pleased with our performance in India, Mexico and Canada. In India, we are seeing growth from strong marketing and brand awareness campaigns across the brands with a high penetration of our Design Crew business. In Mexico, the market continues to show strength driven by improved in-stocks and a strong holiday season. The Canada business continues to build momentum, fueled by our commitment to enhance the customer experience, both online and in retail.  
 Our digital initiatives in the Canadian market continue to gain new customers and drive results for our brands. And we are pleased with the initial positive response to the recent launches of Rejuvenation, Mark and Graham and Williams-Sonoma Home in Canada. As we continue to expand our omnichannel presence around the globe, India, Mexico and Canada remain our key strategic growth markets. 
 Lastly, I'd like to update you on our emerging brands. Rejuvenation delivered a strong quarter with a double-digit positive comp driven by success in our remodel product categories and new growth initiatives.  
 We continue to see strength in both consumer and B2B sales. Rejuvenation continues to establish itself as a destination for home projects by providing products with great function, high-quality and timeless design details. We're excited about the momentum in the brand and the growth potential in 2024 and beyond and believe Rejuvenation can be our next billion-dollar brand. Mark and Graham, our high-quality gifting business saw strong growth this year with a single -- high single-digit positive comp in the quarter.  
 Our monogramming capabilities, coupled with unique high-quality gifts and the brand's curated online gift shops make it easy for customers to find a perfect gift. And finally, our startup GreenRow. We continue to gain momentum in this new brand, which utilizes sustainable materials and manufacturing practices to create colorful heirloom quality products. We remain optimistic about the potential of this brand and it's aesthetic. In 2024, we are planning to grow GreenRow with substantial increases in product assortment. These successful and exciting emerging brands demonstrate our ability to develop new businesses that expand our portfolio and address white space in the market. 
 In summary, we're extremely proud of our accomplishments and financial results this year. We outperformed in 2023 despite the slowest housing market in several decades and massive geopolitical unrest. Although this pressured our top line trend, we stayed focused on full price selling, supply chain efficiencies and best-in-class customer service. We have transformed our business model, and as a result, we delivered an operating margin well above our guidance and well ahead for pre-pandemic operating margin.  
 We have a powerful portfolio of brands serving a range of categories, aesthetics and life stages, and we have built a strong omnichannel platform and infrastructure, which positions us well for the next stage of growth. It is early, but our reads on Q1 is strong, and we are optimistic about the opportunities that exist ahead.  
 With that, I'll turn it over to Jeff to walk you through the numbers and our outlook in more detail. 
Jeff Howie: Thank you, Laura, and good morning, everyone. As Laura said, we're pleased to deliver a strong finish to fiscal year '23 with Q4 and full year '23 earnings significantly exceeding expectations. We delivered these earnings despite a challenging backdrop for home furnishings, pressuring our top line. Our strong profitability in this environment demonstrates the durability of our operating margin. Our results once again reinforced the themes we consistently communicated in 2023.  
 First, our steadfast commitment to maintain price integrity and not run site-wide promotions. Second, our first half supply chain cost pressures became tailwinds in the second half. And third, our discipline to control costs and manage inventory levels. Given the strength of our earnings through this challenging period for home furnishings, we're confident we can deliver long-term growth and even stronger earnings as the customer shifts back to home. 
 Now let's dive into the numbers. I'll start with our Q4 results, followed by our full fiscal year '23 results, then provide guidance for '24. Q4 net revenues finished at $2.28 billion. Our revenues came in at the high end of our expectations, driven by strong holiday performance across our portfolio of brands, partially offset by ongoing customer hesitancy towards big ticket expenditures.  
 During the quarter, we continued our commitment to maintain price integrity and we reduced our overall level of promotions. Our Q4 comps came in at negative 6.8%, with our 2-year comp at negative 7.4% and our full year comp to 2019 at plus 29.1%. From a cadence perspective, our comps reflect a strong Black Friday to Christmas holiday period, [ bookended ] by inconsistent and choppy sales on both ends. 
 Moving down the income statement. Q4 gross margin improved 480 basis points over last year to 46% as higher selling margins more than offset the impact of higher occupancy costs. Q4 selling margin at 55.1% were 560 basis points higher than last year, reflecting the full impact to our profitability of the supply chain tailwinds we've been guiding for several quarters.  
 Our higher Q4 selling margins were driven by both higher merchandise margins, and lower costs from supply chain efficiencies. Q4 merchandise margins contributed about half the increase in selling margins, driven by lower input costs, and our focus on full price selling. The balance sheet improvement came directly from supply chain efficiencies, which drove an improved customer experience and lower costs. We're proud to see our focus on execution and investment in supply chain paying off. Key metrics, including out-of-market shipping, multiple deliveries per order, returns, accommodations, damages and replacements are all performing at pre-pandemic levels, if not better.  
 Our higher Q4 selling margins more than offset the 2% growth in Q4 occupancy costs to $208 million or 9.1% of net revenues, up 80 basis points from last year. Turning now to SG&A. Our Q4 SG&A expense of $591 million, grew 13% and ran at 25.9% of revenues, deleveraging 460 basis points. As a reminder, our Q4 '22 SG&A results benefited from favorable items that we guided would not repeat in Q4 '23. Excluding the favorable items from last year, our SG&A dollars decreased 4%. Q4 employment was 300 basis points higher year-over-year, driven by higher performance-based incentive compensation in fiscal year '23 than last year.  
 In Q4, we continued to manage variable employment costs in accordance with top line trends. Q4 advertising expense was 60 basis points higher year-over-year as we took advantage of opportunities to invest into higher levels of advertising spend. As Laura mentioned, we continue to increase our spend as we are seeing very effective returns on this investment. Our ability to invest in these opportunities is an example of the competitive advantage of our agile, performance-driven marketing organization. our in-house capabilities, first-party data and multi-brand platform continue to drive efficient advertising spend.  
 Q4 general expenses drove the balance of the increase as we lapped a favorable insurance settlement received in fiscal year '22. On the bottom line, our Q4 earnings significantly exceeded expectations. Q4 operating income came in at $458 million and operating margin at 20.1%, 20 basis points above last year, with Q4 diluted earnings per share of $5.44. 
 Turning now to our full year results, which again exceeded expectations. Full year net revenues finished at $7.75 billion. Our full year revenues reflect a larger home furnishings backdrop and our commitment to maintain price integrity even if it meant for growing some revenues in the short term.  
 Our full year comp ran down 9.9% with our 2-year comp at negative 3.4%, and our 4-year comp to 2019 at plus 35.6%. Full year gross margin ended at 42.7%, a 30 basis point improvement over last year as our first half supply chain headwinds turned into even stronger tailwinds in the back half. Full year selling margins at 53.2% were 170 basis points over last year and our highest ever selling margin rate driven by a nearly equal mix of higher merchandise margins and supply chain efficiency, these higher selling margins more than offset the 4% increase in our full year occupancy costs to $814 million. 
 Full year SG&A expense decreased 5.8% to $2.04 billion. This decrease was driven by employment reductions taken in Q1 and Q2, our management of variable employment in line with top line trends and a 20 basis point reduction in advertising on the full year.  
 Full year SG&A deleverage of 140 basis points was primarily driven by lapping the favorable items recognized in Q4 '22 that I discussed earlier. On the bottom line, full year operating income finished at $1.27 billion, and operating margin at 16.4%, significantly above our pre-COVID levels and the 15% operating margin floor we established at the start of the year. Full year diluted earnings per share ended at $14.85. 
 On the balance sheet, we ended the year with a cash balance  of $1.26 billion with no debt outstanding. This was after we invested $188 million in capital expenditures supporting our long-term growth, and we returned over $545 million to our shareholders through share repurchases and quarterly dividends. Year-end merchandise inventories stood at $1.25 billion, down 14.4% to last year. At these levels, we are well positioned to maintain our price integrity as we proactively managed our inventory levels in line with our top line trends.  
 We generated a record level of free cash flow in 2023 at $1.49 billion, driven by the strength of our earnings, proactive inventory management and financial discipline. Speaking of financial discipline, a prime example is our fiscal year '23 return on invested capital of 45%. This is among the best in the retail industry. 
 Summing up our '23 results, we're proud to have delivered earnings substantially exceeding expectations. As Laura said, these results reflect the efforts of the entire team at Williams-Sonoma Inc. And I'd like to thank our talented team for delivering these outstanding results in a challenging environment.  
 Now let's turn to our '24 outlook. First, let me point out that 2024 is a 53-week year for Williams-Sonoma Inc. So the fourth quarter will consist of 14 weeks. We will report comps on a 53-week versus 53-week comparable basis. All other year-over-year compares will be 53 weeks versus 52 weeks. 
 We anticipate the additional week will contribute 150 basis points to revenue growth and 10 basis points to operating margins, both of which are embedded in our guidance. We anticipate 2024 will be a year of continued macroeconomic uncertainty. Lower interest rates could spur the housing market and shift consumer spending back to home, but timing is hard to predict.  
 And there is also the election and global geopolitical tension. With this in mind, we are providing a wide range of guidance for '24. '24 net revenues are expected to be in the range of down 3% to up 3% with comps between down 4.5% to up 1.5% and operating margins between 16.5% and 16.8%. On the top line, we anticipate sequential improvement across the year. With the first half tougher than the second half, as our top line comparisons get easier. On the bottom line, we expect our supply chain tailwinds will continue through at least the first half of '24, but will be partially offset by higher advertising spend. In the back half, we anticipate our operating margins will be in line with '23 results.  
 Our capital allocation plans for '24 prioritize funding our business operations and investing in long-term growth. We expect to spend $225 million in capital expenditures to invest in the long-term growth of our business. 75% of this capital spend will be dedicated to drive our e-commerce leadership and supply chain efficiency. We expect to continue to return excess cash to our shareholders in the form of increased quarterly dividend payouts and ongoing share repurchases. For dividends, today, we announced an increase in our quarterly dividend payout of 26% or $0.23 to $1.13 per share. Fiscal year '24 will be the 15th consecutive year of increased dividend payouts, which we are both proud of and remain committed to.  
 For share repurchases, today, we also announced our Board has approved a new $1 billion share repurchase authorization, replacing previous authorizations and under which we will opportunistically repurchase our stock to deliver returns to our shareholders. Combined, our dividend increase and new share repurchase authorization continue our commitment to return excess cash to our shareholders.  
 In fact, we've returned over $3.8 billion to our shareholders over the last 6 years. As we look further into the future beyond '24, we are reiterating our long-term top line guidance of mid- to high single-digit revenue growth. And in the long term, we now believe we can sustain operating margins in the mid to high teens. 
 We are confident that we will continue to outperform our peers and deliver shareholder growth for these reasons. Our ability to gain market share in the fragmented home furnishings industry, the strength of our in-house proprietary design, the competitive advantage of our digital first but not digital-only channel strategy, the ongoing strength of our growth initiatives and the resiliency of our fortress balance sheet. 
 With that, I'll open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]  Our first question will come from the line of Steven Zaccone with Citi. 
Steven Zaccone: Congrats on the strong margin execution here in a tough environment. So Jeff, first question for you. Can you talk a bit more about the margin assumptions in the 2024 guide in more detail. You gave the commentary about operating margin in the back half. Can you talk about gross margin in particular? How does that look on the cadence of the year? 
Jeff Howie: Steve. Yes, on our gross margin outlook and our EBIT margin outlook, as you know, we don't guide the individual line items. We provide top line guidance and bottom line operating margin guidance. And the reason why it gives us the flexibility to react as we see trends evolve in the business and the different levers we can pull along the way. And as you've seen, as we did in '23, we know the levers to pull to deliver results. We see continued strength in our operating margin.  
 And as we guided today, we see it landing between 16.5% to 16.8% on the year. We do see that the supply chain tailwinds that we've been seeing in the back half of '23 will continue into the front half of '24 but will be offset by some additional advertising expenditures as we talked about, we did in -- Q4 of '23. But overall, we're very confident in our operating margin and looking forward to delivering these results. 
Steven Zaccone: Okay. Great. Then second question for you, Laura. I was hoping to get more detail on the West Elm turnaround.  You talked about some newness, and that's doing well. But how long do you expect the turnaround to take? And if we think about the performance of that brand relative to the overall guidance for the company, would you expect West Elm to still underperform? 
Laura Alber: Yes. I'm so excited about West Elm. I've had a chance to see all of the product that's coming in this year and their strategies. And I think it's a very clear, exciting growth story again for us. I think in terms of timing, it's always hard to predict exactly when things will go. But we are seeing, as I said, really strong results, not just in the holiday seasonal decor but the new product offer that's core. And the new design language that we've brought out, the new modern forms, we are building back our nonfurniture business, which drives customer engagement and also new customer acquisition and is very relevant and important for UPTs and repeat purchases. So that is on its way.  
 You're going to see that continue to grow through the year. And then also now that we have success on some of these furniture items, we know that the time line on when a furniture bestseller will be relevant is a lot longer than if you're a fashion apparel person. So we can then buy into it with confidence versus now our newness, although very high over last year, is -- it's just not a big enough percent of the total. So as we buy back into these winners and they compound through the year, that's when we expect to see then hit the total top line in a meaningful way. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. 
Seth Basham: Congrats on another strong quarter. My first question is just thinking about the 2024 outlook. Obviously, a lot of uncertainty with the environment and your revenue growth guidance reflects that. But you guys have been very good at managing costs. And if we were to see revenue come in a bit below your guidance, would you still be able to hit that 16.5% operating margin target? 
Jeff Howie: Yes. So simply to answer your question, even if revenues were to come a little bit lower, we're confident in our operating margin guidance. There's additional levers that we can pull within the business if that were to be the case. But our outlook is a little bit more positive. We think we're closer to the end of the down cycle in home furnishings rather than the beginning. And we're focused on delivering results in our business. And I really think that we have opportunities to continue to improve what we're doing, and there's more things that we can do to drive earnings throughout the year. 
Seth Basham: That's helpful. And then secondly, it seems like there's been a little bit of a change in how you're approaching advertising. You're finding good opportunities to invest there. Can you give some more color there? And also, is that one of the levers you can pull if this top line doesn't play out the way you expect? 
Laura Alber: It's not a difference in approach. It's that when we see more opportunity, we invest more. And so we want to invest in advertising if we're going to get paid back. So we are looking at this every day, every week, every brand, and we're so lucky to have a test-and-learn methodology where we can try something in one brand. And if it works, roll it. And if it doesn't work, shut it down.  
 And so when we find something that works, you spend more, the ad cost then stays lower or it goes up with sales in tandem giving you more on the bottom line. We've done this for years. It's a little more complicated than it used to be when we just had the catalog because there's so many different things to invest in. And we're seeing a lot of opportunity in organic social now. And that is not paid. Now it helps to have paid social go along with organic social, but we're getting really good at pushing our content not just through our own channels, but into the whole social media world in a very effective way to get new customers into our brands. 
 And so it's not just the ad cost spend, it's the creative spend that goes in building that incredible content like we did with Stanley Tucci, for example, which continues to be a really wonderful example of a successful collaboration that's working both in the short-term sales but also in bringing new customers to the brand. And so it's a great example of the kind of things that are changing, and they're really different from 10 years ago when those channels were not available to use. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Matuszewski with Jefferies. 
Jonathan Matuszewski: Nice results. The first one is on B2B. Just curious how you're thinking about B2B in the context of your 2024 guide in terms of sales or comp? And relatedly, maybe if you could just update us on what you're doing to make that channel more profitable. It seems like you're doing a lot of good things on the consumer side to take costs out of the business in terms of less accommodations and damages, but curious, anything to make B2B more profitable? That's my first question. 
Jeff Howie: Jonathan, we see B2B contributing about 100 basis points to our comp in '24, which is embedded in our guidance. Here's what's exciting. We're really optimistic about B2B growth as we look forward to '24. The business was up 1% overall in '23 with contract up 31%. And while the trade business has been more impacted by the slowed housing market, we've seen some recent improvement in that trend. However, we remain focused on accelerating our contract business, and we're really pleased with the momentum we're seeing. And here for us, it's really a growth story. Overall, B2B is slightly accretive to our operating margins. And we just see continued growth as we disrupt this $80 billion piece of our TAM. 
Jonathan Matuszewski: That's really helpful. And then just a quick follow-up on your store fleet. Just maybe update us on the mindset regarding store closures.  What's embedded in the 2024 guide? Obviously, a lot of leases up for renewal. 
Laura Alber: Yes. So really exciting story in our retail stores because we're very successfully leaving certain stores in certain areas and moving to vibrant centers. A great example is Annapolis. I don't know if you've been there, but we moved our WS right next to Whole Foods which is a really different strategy than your traditional retail placement. 
 And it's really -- it's up to pro forma. It's up to the previous store and the [ 4-wall ] is much higher than our average. It's a really good case of where we work to the landlord to really build a killer store, and we're paying less and the financials are really strong and the store is great for the customers. And so that's what we continue to do as leases come up for renewal, there are amazing centers we're staying in, and we've been successful in reinvesting in the right things. So that if you're staying in the center, the stores look really fresh and also serve the customer in the way they want to be served, and there's new things than when we built stores 10 years ago, new businesses to fund, space allocation. 
 And so across all of our brands, we're constantly looking at what's working, what's not working and how do we continue to optimize, but also keeping that beautiful inspiring store experience where you go in and we say the music plays, and you're excited to be there and you're inspired by the features, and we've got great salespeople who help you. And we're matching that also with very intuitive and helpful tech to help build these rooms, these houses. 
 And just while I'm talking about this, I really just -- during this time where people are buying less furniture, we've taken the time to really reinvest in how we take our design service to the next level because we know that they're dying to buy new houses. And when the market switches, we're going to be there with an advanced platform for design services that we can use and leverage in our stores and also online that I think is game changing. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Max Rakhlenko with TD Cowen. 
Maksim Rakhlenko: Great. So first, Laura, can you just provide any more color on your comment that 1Q reads are strong. What brands are you seeing that in? And then just how are you thinking about what brands will lead the return back to growth over the coming quarters? 
Laura Alber: Sure, Max. We really do have a strong lineup of opportunities in our portfolio of brands, and we're really confident in our outlook. Some examples of things that are working -- we're in a color trend phase, and we're seeing print and pattern and color sell across the brands actually. Easter is strong. That's good. It's early. So Jeff is telling me to be careful with this comment because when it's early, sometimes it ends a little differently than you expect but so far so good and even shifted. 
 That tells you customers -- we saw Christmas decor be strong, too, Easter -- this is good for our brands. There's not a lot of people out there that serve in a quality way, the seasonal holidays. And we think they're wonderful. We love to decorate and entertain and show people how to do that across them. And for West Elm, that's been a business they haven't really gone after. So that's really upside for them. Easy updates, people, they may not be buying a house, but they might decide to redo one room. And we can see the effects of that on our sales. 
 And also, the projects I mentioned in my prepared remarks about rejuvenation. Bath and kitchen remodels are still happening, and we are getting more attention as someone who can help provide high-quality and unique products in those spaces. New furniture, we're seeing strong results in West Elm, as I mentioned, new forms, and that's very exciting. And then collaboration. So whether it's Tucci, I keep talking about Tucci, Colin King, LoveShackFancy, Sheila Bridges, [ Elf ]. I mean, we've got a wide range of these collaborations. And they're just -- they bring new customers in, and we have a great time with them. They help us think about new design language that we may not naturally design into. 
 And all of that is really good for the teams and great for the customers. And then there's continued categories that we're pushing as a bigger percent of total and pulling back. And so without going on too long or giving away too much competitive information, we're seeing some pockets where we have a lot of upside. The other thing that's really important in all this that you guys got to realize is that we continue to reduce our promotional offering. 
 So at the same time that we're pushing this growth posture for this year, we are also absolutely determined to continue to pull back on promotions, which is a tricky thing, right? So we did it last year. You're going to see us continue to push it this year and balance the 2 out. We really believe strongly that long term, this is the right thing for our business. And we will take markdowns, and we will always try new things, and sometimes they don't work so you take a markdown, but we do not want to have up down pricing in our brands. 
Maksim Rakhlenko: Got it. That's very helpful. And so the big update, I think, is the new long-term EBIT margin outlook. So I'm just curious, what are you seeing now that gives you confidence to raise it? And then as we think about post 2024, is that going to be more on gross margin or SG&A? Just curious where you see the big opportunities ahead to continue to march forward. 
Jeff Howie: I think the way we think about it is at the start of '23, we established a 15% operating margin floor. And then year-end results, we delivered a 16.4% operating margin. And this year, we're guiding 16.5% to 16.8%. So we remain confident in our operating margin durability especially as we start to see our growth algorithm of mid- to high single-digit growth over the long term. So we're pretty confident in that. And we think that as we get beyond '24, we certainly have the upside to sustain these operating margins longer. In terms of the pieces of margin versus SG&A, we don't -- as you know, we don't guide those particular in the line items, especially over the long term. But on the bottom line, we've established that we can deliver these results, and we remain confident in both for '24 as well as the long term beyond that. 
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Peter Benedict with Baird. 
Peter Benedict: So first one is just on kind of the supply chain environment. You guys have obviously been doing a great job on what you can control. I'm curious about the things that are maybe out of your control, some of the events going on, some of the costs on ocean freight. Just kind of remind us maybe where you sit there, how you may be baked some of that into the outlook here for '24? That's my first question. 
Laura Alber: Sure. Our team, our supply chain team, I'd say, is just phenomenal, and they continue to show that through the results. Although things have normalized from the pandemic, we still have a lot of areas for improvement, which will result in margin upside. We want to continue to drive down returns and replacements and any issue that affects the customer. We want a perfect delivery. We want to take all the friction out of that delivery. And so we're seeing incredible numbers across the board, on all those metrics I mentioned in my script. 
 When a problem comes along, they're real, the Red Sea disruption is pretty terrible. However, it is not costing us any more money. So far, it is costing us about 10 days of delivery, give or take. And as I mentioned last time, we padded the deliveries to our customers once we heard about it, so we didn't disappoint them. And if we outperform and deliver faster, they're always happier than if it's late. Because they don't -- they can't -- most people don't connect anything with these world events. And so we have to really manage our delivery quotes very quickly once we hear these things. That's the most recent example. 
 There is no doubt in my mind, Peter, that this year will be met with other things that we have to deal with. We tend to be very proactive about -- thinking about what those things could be to make sure that we're ahead. And I guess the good news is if there is any -- when these things happen, they affect everyone. And we're usually able to get ahead of it and solve it better than most. 
Peter Benedict: Yes. No, very true. And then I guess my next question was around kind of the real estate, I guess, optimization process that's been going on for a while here couple of years now, maybe 10 to 15 stores lower year-over-year. Is that the cadence we should be expecting kind of going forward? And I'm just curious maybe how the occupancy cost growth is assumed for 2024, another year, maybe mid-single-digit increases, Jeff? Is that the way to think about it? Just trying to understand where you sit from that standpoint. 
Jeff Howie: Yes. I mean in terms of where we are in our journey of retail optimization, we're probably in the middle innings. As I've discussed in the past, we have -- about 50% of our leases come due in the next 5 years. So we look to continue to optimize the real estate. And usually, we target a higher number of store closures, but they just tend to net out through the way the process works to about where we've been in the past few years. 
 So in terms of particular numbers, you can look to the past, say, 3 or 4 years is a good guidepost. And then in terms of where occupancy is going to go, and I'll go back to we don't guide individual lines. We really guide the top and the bottom line. So that gives us more levers to pull throughout the year. And now there are fixed costs within occupancy, there's also a lot of variable costs, too. So there's things we can go -- do throughout the year if necessary. So it's all embedded within our full year guidance. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Horvers with JPMorgan. 
Christopher Horvers: So I guess my first question is, as you talk about the optimism about the bottom of the market and the improvement quarter-to-date, I was just curious what you're seeing on the furniture side of the business. You mentioned some newness in West Elm resonating but it does sound like a lot of the decor categories are what's been driving the strength. On the other hand, the mix does shift back towards the furniture brands away from Williams-Sonoma into the first quarter. 
 So does the implied sort of sequential improvement in the first quarter? Are you seeing like better furniture demand trends? Maybe how much of it is some of the deflation working through the system from ocean freight normalizing. So any comment there would be really helpful. 
Jeff Howie: Yes, Chris. So furniture trends in Q4 were down, but sequentially improved over Q3. And yes, we do see a benefit by the higher penetration of Sonoma in Q4. But overall, to Laura's comments before, we're very pleased with our quarter-to-date performance. but it's early. And as Laura mentioned, there's the Easter shift, the turnover at Easter, which sometimes has impacts on the curves. But I think the important thing is we're not just a furniture company. 
 We only have about half of our assortment in furniture. So we have a powerful portfolio of brands with a wide range of product assortment, and we can really meet the trends as the consumer shopping. And that gives us confidence in where we see our outlook and we can really service the customers to what they're shopping to today. 
Christopher Horvers: For sure. And then in terms of the follow-up, I know you're not -- Jeff, you are not guiding to individual line items. But could you maybe help us think about like on the SG&A line, you've done an incredible job, really managing around incentives and the advertising, flexing it with demand and you had some headcount reductions as well a year ago. Should we think about that being more variable into a recovery like should you see rate leverage, should we think about it modeling it from a dollar growth perspective and focus less on rates. So any color there in terms of just how variable SG&A is into a recovery as you start to reinvest back into the business as the top line improves. 
Laura Alber: Yes, Chris. It's Laura. I just wanted to comment, I think it's important to remember that our focus this year is threefold. It's delivering growth, elevating customer service and driving margin. And we believe we can do all 3 things. We have that many opportunities in our model with our platform, with our world-class brands to achieve those things. I really -- as we look to the year, believe that the natural investments that we need to make will drive the top line. 
 And so to the extent of the line by line, I know we're not answering your questions about those line by line. But you've seen our -- what we produced even in a down cycle, right, with margin improvements. And as I said in I think last call, you can imagine what that looks like in an up cycle. Our investments that we've been making over the last 10 years, have gotten us to a place where we are ready for more volume without having to have a step-up infrastructure investment. 
 So while we talk about these things, they're small potatoes compared to distribution costs that others or a real platform -- re-platform costs that others have to put in place. We're ready for the volume to come this year and next and really excited about how that not only flows through, but also the opportunities to improve these customer service lines and we love those customer service lines because they drive margin. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kate McShane with Goldman Sachs. 
Katharine McShane: Question on pricing. We wondered where you were on an average price versus last year. I know you talked about adding more opening price points last quarter. I just wondered if we could get an update on how that trended in Q4 and what you expect to see in 2024. 
Laura Alber: It's interesting, Kate. We try to glean every piece of information from sales and then they change. So I don't think it's fair to say right now that there's a specific price point that's the magic price point. We're seeing success across all prices. The customer wants a value. So we have some really expensive stuff that's really selling. And then we have some value price points that are really selling. And so there's not a pattern there that I'd hang a strategy on for now. 
 In all of our brands, we've worked on great value to the consumer and also really new fresh designs. And so you cannot underestimate how important it is. When we get it right on a design, it's not that we take advantage of the price, it's that our price is generally a lot cheaper than other people making the same product and our quality is better. So we're -- that's what we're focused on is delivering value to the customer -- and I -- we were talking about this before the call, I can't prove that it's low prices, mid prices and high prices that are soft or strong. 
 It's the stuff they want, and it's the new fresh product. 
Katharine McShane: And I just wanted to ask a follow-up question with regards to tariffs that if there were to be, [ I noticed ] is a risk profile for your guidance, the election. But how are you thinking about managing through a scenario where there could be more tariffs? 
Jeff Howie: Kate. Well, first, we're in an election year. A lot's get said on the campaign trail and who knows where this conversation really goes in the end. Second, we've transformed our sourcing base since the last time the subject was top of mind 6 years ago. Today, only 25% of our goods are sourced from China, which is about half of what it was back then. And here is the most important thing. We have some real key competitive advantages that serve us well into these situations. First, 90% of our products are proprietary, designed and exclusively made for our brands. And then we operate our own in-house best-in-class global sourcing operation. 
 So with 12 overseas offices, it's our own boots on the ground, managing sourcing decisions, production and shipping, and we're the 13th largest container importer into the United States. So we have scale and relationships. Others do not. So punchline being, if the landscape changes, we have the ability to respond that others do not. 
Operator: I'll now hand the call back to Laura Alber for any closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: Well, thank you all for joining us. We really appreciate your support and look forward to seeing some of you in New York and talking to you throughout the year. 
Operator: That will conclude today's call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-16 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Third Quarter Fiscal 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]
 I would now like to turn the call over to Jeremy Brooks, Chief Accounting Officer and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Jeremy Brooks: Good morning, and thank you for joining our third quarter earnings call. I'm here this morning with Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Jeff Howie, our Chief Financial Officer; Yasir Anwar, our Chief Digital and Technology Officer; and Felix Carbullido, our President of the Williams-Sonoma brand. 
 Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that during this call, we will make forward-looking statements with respect to future events and financial performance, included updated guidance for fiscal '23 and our long-term outlook. We believe these statements reflect our best estimates. However, we cannot make any assurances these statements will materialize, and actual results may differ significantly from our expectations. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any of these statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after today's call. 
 Additionally, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. These measures should not be considered replacements for and should be read together with our GAAP results. A detailed reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures appears in Exhibit 1 to the press release we issued earlier this morning. This call should also be considered in conjunction with our filings with the SEC. Finally, a replay of this call is available on our Investor Relations website. 
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Laura. 
Laura Alber: Thank you, Jeremy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the call. Before we get into our Q3 results, I would like to take a minute to thank the incredible team at Williams-Sonoma, Inc. for another quarter of great results. Without their hard work, dedication and focus, none of the results we are reporting today would have been achievable. 
 We are proud to deliver another quarter of strong earnings, significantly exceeding expectations despite a challenging economic backdrop for our industry. We beat profitability estimates with a record third quarter operating margin of 17%, with earnings per share of $3.66. 
 Our comp sales, which reflect the larger macroeconomic backdrop, ran negative 14.6% in Q3 and our 2-year comp was negative 6.5% and our 4-year comp to 2019 was positive 34.8%. These results were achieved in an environment filled with ongoing consumer hesitancy on high-ticket discretionary furniture and elevated levels of promotional activity. 
 Despite this environment, we continue to drive results because of our unique proposition in the marketplace and our relentless focus on customer service. Our advantage is our portfolio of brands serving a wide range of categories, aesthetics and life stages. While people are currently buying fewer large-ticket furniture pieces than last year, our portfolio of brands and product offerings has us positioned well for this shift into kitchen purchases, fashion textiles, dorm, baby and seasonal holiday offerings. 
 Our in-house design capabilities and vertically integrated supply chain are also key in producing proprietary products at the best quality value relationship in the market. We remain firmly committed to reducing promotions despite elevated levels of discounting in the industry. In fact, our third quarter promotional levels were meaningfully lower than last year. 
 Instead, we are meeting our customers' needs for value by introducing a larger offering of new products at mid-tier and lower price points. Not only is this strategy good for profits, but we have also reduced friction with our customers as we give them better value without confusing them with short-term discounts. We strongly believe that this is the right way to run our business as it preserves the design value price equation that we offer and our customers appreciate. 
 Moving on to customer service and the supply chain. We are seeing the year-over-year benefit of selling through inventories with lower supply chain costs. And we continue to increase selling margins by reducing out-of-market multiple shipments. We have improved our customer service, returning to pre-pandemic and best-in-class levels. 
 Investments in the final mile delivery experience have resulted in fewer customer accommodations, lower returns, lower damages and lower replacements. And customer metrics like on-time delivery are at record highs, and backorder crate -- rates have substantially improved. The total benefit from these supply chain and customer service improvements is significant, and you can see it in our results today. 
 Regarding marketing, we increased our spend from Q2 but still leveraged in the quarter. We continue to ensure that our marketing investment gives us the ability to test new formats, to connect with new customers and to showcase our offering to our existing customer base and our highly engaged brand loyalists. We've seen increasing success with our marketing and product collaborations, and we will continue to build upon them. 
 Our ongoing investment in building our proprietary e-commerce technology continues to improve our online experience. We're focused on offering customers inspiring content and dynamic tools to assist with their design projects, and AI is accelerating these efforts. We see many opportunities for our business from developments from AI. And as early adapters of integrating AI, we look forward to leading the retail industry in the area, and we will focus on quality, authenticity and responsiveness of this new technology. 
 And as focused as we are on our e-commerce capabilities, we are also continuing to focus on delivering a best-in-class retail business. Our stores are beautifully designed and curated with inspirational assortments, and our continued retail optimization efforts have refocused our fleet on the most profitable, inspiring and strategic locations. 
 On the sustainability front, we are proud to report that in Q3, we were named the top scorer on the Sustainable Furnishings Council's Wood Furniture Scorecard for the sixth consecutive year. Using sustainable wood has been a key focus of our strategy and a differentiator of our business. 
 Now I'd like to spend a few minutes talking about our brands. Pottery Barn ran a negative 16.6% comp in Q3, but ran a positive 3% on a 2-year basis and a positive 43% on a 4-year basis. We have substantially reduced the promotional offerings in the brand and have successfully introduced new low- and mid-tier programs at great value. And while furniture demand has been most impacted, we are seeing strength in textiles and seasonal decorating. We're excited for the holiday season given strong early reads on our innovative proprietary collections. 
 Earlier this week, we announced the launch of a new mobile shopping and design app for Pottery Barn following the success of our Pottery Barn Kids and Pottery Barn Teen apps. The Pottery Barn mobile app delivers a convenient customer shopping experience and makes it easy to create and manage a registry on the go. Now customers can explore and shop full rooms, easily share their favorite products and connect with a design experts, all through the convenience of their phone or tablet. 
 The Pottery Barn children's business ran a negative 6.9% comp in Q3 and was negative 11.7% on a 2-year basis and positive 29% on a 4-year basis. Across these life stage brands, we are focused on delivering compelling innovation and elevating the customer experience.
 One key area of focus in the quarter has been the evolution of our back-to-school offering. Here, we saw standout growth in our dorm business as customers gravitated to higher design and quality. We offer a compelling, complete solution that is easy to shop on our Pottery Barn Teen app. And given the size of the dorm market, we believe this represents a significant opportunity for us for years to come. 
 We also continue to focus on another key life stage offering, which is baby, the entry point to the children's home furnishings brand. Here, we are winning with our innovative nursery seating and a curated selection of high-quality baby gear. In our stores and across our mobile app, customers can register with Pottery Barn Kids and receive help from our nursery experts. 
 Also, we're really encouraged by the strength of our innovative product introductions and fresh product collaborations with strong response to recent Super Mario and LoveShackFancy launches. And as we look to the quarter ahead, we believe we have a compelling pipeline of collaborations that our customer will love. 
 Moving on to West Elm. West Elm is the brand that has been most impacted by the customer pullback in furniture. In Q3, West Elm ran a negative 22.4% and was negative 18.2% on a 2-year basis and ran a positive 26.1% on a 4-year basis. West Elm has the highest percentage of its assortment in furniture, the most underdeveloped in other categories and a customer base that's the most impacted by the current macro environment. 
 Despite current challenging dynamics, West Elm saw very strong reception to their new fall products, which marked a real evolution in the brand's modern design voice. Sales from this year's fall assortment are up to last year, with positive customer response to fresh, furniture forms, mixed materials and new textures and innovations in textile. Early holiday reads have also been positive in seasonal trim and tabletop, as well as hosting and entertaining categories. 
 Given these positive reads, we see sizable opportunity in West Elm as it rebalances more into textiles, decorative accessories, entertainment and seasonal offerings. We continue to be very optimistic about the long-term growth trajectory of West Elm with its industry-leading design and value. 
 The Williams-Sonoma brand, which includes Williams-Sonoma Home, ran a negative 1.9% comp in Q3. On a 2-year basis, the brand ran negative 3.4% and was positive 34.6% on a 4-year basis. The Williams-Sonoma Kitchen business ran a positive comp for the second consecutive quarter this year, primarily driven by retail. 
 Earlier this quarter, we launched a successful collaboration in cookware with Stanley Tucci, who designed an exclusive collection with GreenPan for Williams-Sonoma. Collaborations like Tucci's have been an excellent vehicle for growth and new customer acquisition. 
 Kitchen continues to see strength in high-end electrics, particularly in coffee and espresso. And the Williams-Sonoma Home business, while still negative, is beginning to see improved trends, with a refreshed more editorial point of view that showcases updated textiles and decorative accessories. 
 Looking to Q4, Williams-Sonoma becomes a bigger part of our business, and early reads on holiday are positive, indicating a strong season of entertaining and gifting ahead. We have an impressive pipeline of new launches, with engaging content and corresponding events for our customers to experience both in-store and online. 
 Now I'd like to update you on our other initiatives. We are pleased to report Business-to-Business delivered a positive quarter, running positive 1.5% in Q3, driven by 30% growth in the contract business. Exciting wins in the quarter included a brand standard program for Pottery Barn with Pendry Hotels for custom outdoor furniture and a new partnership with a premier developer partner, Jamestown, for 2 new properties, including a senior living tower and a new residential development. 
 We're also excited by the success of specific B2B product developments like the expansion of our restaurant furniture program that has been key to gaining momentum in the food and beverage space with clients like Dave & Buster's, along with clients in the sports and entertainment space. The future remains bright for this business. 
 Now I'd like to talk about our global business. Our global strategy has not changed, and we continue to focus on a franchise-first model. This business has, of course, been affected by the uncertain macro environment, particularly in the Middle East. We are excited to see our brands exceed expectations in other markets like India. 
 We opened our third West Elm retail location in Pune, and expanded our Pottery Barn brands into the world famous Jio World Plaza now open in Mumbai. The Mexico market is also showing strength, driven by improved in-stocks in furniture and strong back-to-school and seasonal assortments. And we continue to see momentum in our Canada business, fueled by our commitment to enhancing the customer experience both online and in retail. We have also grown the brand and service offerings available to Canadian customers by launching Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham online, and relaunching Gift Registry in Canada. 
 Lastly, I'd like to update you on our emerging brands. Rejuvenation delivered a positive quarter, driven by our remodel and refresh categories as well as new growth initiatives. Customers continue to update their homes, specifically in the spaces of kitchen and bath. We are continuing to grow the brand in new markets by opening a new store in the San Diego market and another new store opening this weekend in North Carolina. We continue to be excited by the opportunity we have for growth from the Rejuvenation brand. 
 We are also pleased with our results in Mark and Graham, our gifting and personalization brand. We are optimistic for Q4 as we head into the key gift-giving holiday season. Customers will benefit from the brand's inspiring content and curated monogram gift guides organized by both recipients and price points. 
 And at GreenRow, we continue to gain momentum in this new brand, which utilizes sustainable materials and manufacturing practices to create colorful heirloom quality products. While it's early, we remain optimistic about the potential of this brand and its aesthetic. These successful and exciting emerging brands demonstrate our ability to develop new businesses that expand our portfolio of brands and address white space in our product offerings, all with minimal investment and low cost of entry, leveraging our knowledge and infrastructure.
 In summary, our outperformance this quarter drove a record Q3 operating margin of 17%. Although customers are shifting their spending temporarily away from high-ticket furniture purchases, we have a powerful portfolio of brands serving a range of categories, aesthetics and life stages to meet the demands of customers. And despite our sales running down this year, our execution and the strength of our operating model produced strong earnings again this quarter, driven by our full-price selling, supply chain efficiencies and best-in-class customer service. Our early seasonal reads are strong, and we are optimistic about the holiday season. 
 As we put this all together, we are raising our guidance for the year. We now expect full year revenues to come in at a range of down 10% to down 12%, and we are raising our outlook on operating margin to a range of 16% to 16.5%. It is important to note that the reduction in our revenues outlook is more than offset by our raised operating margin outlook. 
 And with that, I will turn the call over to Jeff to walk you through the numbers in detail. 
Jeff Howie: Thank you, Laura, and good morning, everyone. As Laura said, we're proud that, once again, we've delivered earnings substantially exceeding expectations. 
 Our Q3 results reinforce the themes we've consistently communicated over the past several quarters: first, our steadfast commitment to maintain price integrity and not run site-wide promotions; second, how our earlier supply chain cost pressures will become tailwinds in the second half and beyond and third, our ability to control costs and manage inventory levels. Our strong profitability this quarter, despite softer top line revenues, demonstrates the durability of our operating margin. 
 Now let's dive into our Q3 results, followed by an update on our fiscal year guidance. In addition to year-over-year results, I'll reference 2019 as it's helpful to compare our performance with pre-pandemic levels. Net revenues came in at $1.854 billion. While below our expectations, our revenues reflect the larger home furnishing backdrop and our commitment to maintain price integrity even if it means forgoing some revenues in the short term. 
 Our revenue growth in Q3 came in at negative 14.6% comp. Our 2-year stack was negative 6.5% and our 4-year stack against 2019 grew 34.8%. Our Q3 demand comp at negative 11.8% was materially unchanged from our Q2 trend. Our 2-year demand stack was negative 13.8%, and our 4-year demand stack was a positive 33.2%. 
 Our revenue comps this quarter reflect a normalized spread between demand and net comps. Our improvement across returns and appeasements offsets the majority of last year's outsized back order fill. From a cadence perspective, our demand trends continue to be inconsistent and choppy, especially after Labor Day. 
 Moving down the income statement. Gross margin at 44.4% exceeded our expectations. The 290 basis point improvement over last year reflects the supply chain tailwinds we've been guiding for several quarters. Merchandise margins increased materially over last year, driven by lower ocean freight costs flowing into our income statement and our focus on full price selling and price integrity. In fact, merchandise margins were substantially higher than Q3 2019.
 Selling margin also improved materially over last year, driven by supply chain efficiencies. Through our improved execution and investment in supply chain, we substantially improved our customer experience. Key metrics, including out-of-market shipping, multiple deliveries per order, returns, accommodations, damages and replacements are all performing at pre-pandemic levels, if not better. I'd like to congratulate and thank our supply chain organization for delivering these results. Altogether, our selling margins were 450 basis points higher than last year, reflecting the full impact to our profitability of the supply chain tailwinds. 
 Occupancy costs of $200 million were 1% lower than last year and decreased 2% quarter-over-quarter. Coming in at 10.8% of net revenues, occupancy deleveraged 160 basis points to last year driven by the softer top line. Our Q3 gross margin at 44.4% is 840 basis points higher than 2019's 36%. Our SG&A expenses of $507 million were down 11% to last year, once again reflecting our ability to control costs. Our 27.4% rate deleveraged 140 basis points to last year, driven by general expenses offsetting variable expense savings.
 Employment expense decreased double digits versus last year, but deleveraged, primarily driven by favorability in last year's stock-based compensation. We continue to manage variable employment costs in accordance with top line trends. Our advertising expense slightly leveraged in Q3 despite increased funding quarter-over-quarter as we continue to test into higher levels of advertising spend.
 Our rate leverage reflects the competitive advantage of our agile performance-driven marketing organization. Our in-house capabilities, first-party data and multi-brand platform continue to drive efficient advertising spend. General expenses drove the majority of the deleverage on the quarter, resulting from timing of asset disposals and legal settlements. Overall, our year-to-date SG&A through 39 weeks is down 12% to last year and flat on a rate basis. And it's 100 basis points lower than 2019's SG&A rate of 28.4%.
 Regarding the bottom line, our results speak for themselves. Q3 operating income came in at $315 million and operating margin at 17%, a record operating margin for our third quarter. 17% is 150 basis points above last year and 940 basis points above 2019's 7.6%. Our diluted earnings per share of $3.66 was slightly below last year's third quarter earnings per share of $3.72, but significantly above 2019 earnings per share of $1.02. 
 On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with a cash balance of $699 million with no debt outstanding. This was after we invested $42 million in capital expenditures supporting our long-term growth, and we returned over $61 million to our shareholders through quarterly dividends and share repurchases. 
 Merchandise inventories at $1.4 billion were down 17.2% to last year. Three important points I'd like to emphasize once again: First, we are well positioned to maintain our price integrity as we proactively manage our inventory levels in line with our demand trends; second, going into the holiday season, our in-stock levels are near historical highs, and our regional inventory balance and composition is well positioned; third, our Q3 ending inventory levels are up only 11% versus same period in 2019, and that's with revenue comps of 34.8% over the same time frame. This discipline highlights how we've improved both our inventory efficiency and turnover. 
 Summing up our Q3 results, we're proud to have delivered earnings substantially exceeding expectations. I'd like to thank all our associates for delivering these outstanding results. 
 Now let's turn to our outlook. Based on our Q3 results, we are updating our full year outlook. Our new guidance reflects both the ongoing top line uncertainty and the strength in our operating margin. We now expect full year '23 net revenues to be in a range of down 10% comp to down 12% comp, and we are raising our operating margin outlook to a range of 16% to 16.5%. It's important to note that our lower sales outlook is more than offset by our increased operating margin, producing higher implied EPS guidance. 
 On the top line, our updated guidance is based upon the facts and trends we know today from our Q3 results. Specifically, a conservative view of our 1-, 2- and 4-year trends in Q3 connects with the implicit Q4 guide in our updated full year '23 net revenue guidance. Given the macroeconomic environment, we believe this outlook is prudent. 
 On the bottom line, our supply chain tailwinds will continue to bolster our profitability, producing full year operating margin within our updated range of 16% to 16.5%, with implied Q4 operating margins in line with historical builds from Q3. We continue to expect our full year income tax rate to be approximately 26%. Our 2023 capital expenditures are now anticipated to be $225 million due to timing of project spend. 
 As we have communicated quarterly, we are committed to returning excess cash to our shareholders through dividends and opportunistic stock repurchases. We will continue to pay our quarterly dividend of $0.90 per share, and we have almost $700 million remaining under our current $1 billion share repurchase authorization to repurchase our stock opportunistically. 
 As we look forward to 2024, we will balance the macroeconomic uncertainty with our long-term growth potential, and we'll provide guidance in March. As we look further into the future beyond '24, we are reiterating our long-term guidance of mid- to high single-digit top line growth with operating margins exceeding 15%. 
 We're confident we'll continue to outperform our peers and deliver shareholder growth for these reasons: our ability to gain market share in the fragmented home furnishings industry; the strength of our in-house proprietary design; the competitive advantage of our digital-first but not digital-only channel strategy; the ongoing strength of our growth initiatives; and the resiliency of our fortress balance sheet. 
 With that, I'll open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Chuck Grom with Gordon Haskett. 
Charles Grom: The compression in your top line in the third quarter and the implied slowdown in the fourth quarter really isn't all that surprising given the backdrop today. But at what point do you run the risk of losing market share or mind share by not engaging? And then as a follow-up, gross margin control was actually more impressive. Can you talk about the drivers there and the sustainability into 2024, particularly on the supply chain front? 
Jeff Howie: Chuck, why don't we start with the last one, and I'll talk about gross margin, and then I'll turn it over to Laura to talk about our promotional posture. 
 Gross margin exceeded our expectations this quarter, really driven by the tailwinds I've been guiding for the past several quarters. There were 3 main drivers in order of magnitude: first, our lower ocean freight from rate normalization flowing into our income statement; second, supply chain efficiencies, including lower out-of-market shipping, fewer multiple deliveries per order and decreased returns, accommodations, damages and replacements; and third, reduced promotional activity as we focused on full-price selling and maintained our price integrity. 
 Overall, the majority of the improvement came from ocean freight and supply chain efficiencies. We've made significant improvements in our customer service, and you can see it in our results. And I want to once again thank our supply chain organization for really knocking the cover off the ball. 
 Going to your question about how these will continue, here's what you need to remember. Our Q3 margins represent the start of the tailwinds we will see from supply chain efficiencies. And while we don't guide specific lines, we anticipate similar tailwinds in Q4 and even into 2024. 
Laura Alber: Chuck, so I don't think we should think about gross margin as a trade for share. The two are not necessarily as correlated as one might think. In fact, it's not clear that people who are running more promotions are going to gain more share, especially long term. And for our target customer, we are confident that we are gaining share. And at the high-quality, regular price customer is the one that we best serve given what we do with brands. 
 And trust me, we are very focused on returning to growth. In fact, we're very confident about our strategies and our ability to execute. It's the environment that is really the question mark for us as we look at the balance of the year in the short term. And so we continue to test different things to see what makes sense, whether it's pricing up, down, more marketing, less marketing. And trust me, as we see things that do not just benefit short term, we are definitely focused on pushing them and building upon them for the long term. 
Charles Grom: Okay. Great. And then can we just talk a little bit about like-for-like SKU pricing today relative to 2019? I know there's been a lot of improvements, but if you finance that are actually like-for-like, where do we stand today relative to back then? 
Laura Alber: That's a good question, Chuck. I didn't expect that one. So 2019, well, it was a long time ago, it's hard to remember. We took some price increases during the pandemic, as you know. And a lot of them have stuck and some we've backed off. And we've also gotten a lot of vendor price reductions, which is a great thing to see. And we've used some of those to reduce prices to our consumers so that we are very competitive with our value quality relationship. 
 The thing to remember also is that it's not just about reducing prices on existing products. We bring in a fair amount of exclusive, exciting newness. And we've been building into both our mid-tier and low price points, and those things are full margins. And so it's a very good way to continue to build value into the business. But vis-a-vis 2019, I actually don't have that number on how we exactly stand with the entire assortment versus 2019 in pricing. 
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Cristina Fernndez with Telsey Advisory Group. 
Cristina Fernandez: Congratulations on the profitability. I wanted to ask on promotions, Laura, your comment that you were less promotional than a year ago. I know you've pulled back from the site-wide promotions a while back. So where -- I guess, where are you lowering promotions? Is it clearance? Is it other items like rewards, et cetera? It would be helpful to understand that trend. 
Laura Alber: Yes. Thank you for the question. We've, in fact, pulled back promotions both sequentially this year and versus last year. And we've pulled back in -- we took away all up-down pricing that was site-wide. The site-wide promotions have been gone. We also did remove e-mail overlay, all those hidden promo tactics that other people use, coupon matches, double points, we don't offer any of those. But the level of clearance and promotions during our sale periods, which we call warehouse sales, is also lower. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Peter Benedict with Baird. 
Peter Benedict: I guess just maybe can you expand a little more on retail optimization, where you stand in that process, what's still to come. Jeff, you mentioned the occupancy cost down slightly year-over-year in the third quarter. Is flat to down something that's sustainable in that line as you think into 4Q and then into '24? That's my first question. 
Jeff Howie: Peter, we continue to operate a world-class retail business, and our stores serve as billboards for the brand and operate as profit centers. They're beautifully designed and curated with aspirational assortments, and we believe we will continue to serve as a competitive advantage. 
 We continue on our journey of retail optimization. Since 2019, we've closed about 15% of our store count. And over the next 3 to 5 years, about 50% of our leases come due, and we'll continue to guide that we anticipate about 20% of the will close over time.
 Now there's multiple aspects to our retail optimization strategy. And first, obviously, we'll close any of the least-performing stores from a profitability standpoint or a brand denigrating, that's the low-hanging fruit. 
 The second point, which is really the exciting one, is the repositioning of our retail fleet. And this is where we're taking a look at some of our older stores that in our older malls that the customer is not shopping as frequently in or moving to more vibrant lifestyle centers. And here, we're seeing not only a better customer engagement, better top line, but better economics as well. And we'll continue to look to reposition our fleet to right locations as leases come due. 
 And of course, it all comes down to negotiations. It's part of the real estate business, as we all know. We're probably -- and from an innings standpoint, we're probably in inning 6, I think, inning 5 or 6. And on our journey here, there's more work to do. We have -- like I said, we have a lot of leases coming due.
 But the key point here is we continue to improve our retail profitability. And I'll give one example of where this is continuing to resonate. And I know used in the last call, but it continues to be an outstanding example of where the strategy of retail positioning, retail optimization really works, and that's our Pottery Barn store in Westport, Connecticut, which we moved from downtown Westport, not the best location for us to a location on the post road that is more vibrant, more customer-friendly. And I said in Q3 that the results were 30% better than the prior store -- I mean, in Q2, that the results were 30% better than prior store. They're now up 45% to the prior store. So this strategy continues to gain traction. 
 The key thing for us is that our world-class stores, coupled with our best-in-class e-commerce tools, demonstrates a digital-first but not digital-only channel strategy as a key differentiator in the home furnishings industry. 
Peter Benedict: Well, good. Nice to see my recent visit to the Westport store showing up in the numbers there, I guess. 
Jeff Howie: Thank you for your business, Peter. 
Peter Benedict: Yes. Not exactly. So next question just would be around the cash balance, obviously, it continues to rise. You've slowed the buyback here of late. Just curious, is this just prudent caution given all the macro pressures, the risks that are out there? Or is there something more strategic that's maybe at play here in terms of building the cash balance? 
Jeff Howie: Yes. Peter, as you know, we don't commit to a consistent cadence of share repurchases. We do remain committed to driving long-term shareholder returns, and will opportunistically buy back stock and drive shareholder returns. 
 In Q3, we had extremely strong performance in our stock price relative to the broader market. We exceeded all 3 major indexes, a collection of hardlines retail and softlines retail. So we outperformed. So it's not what we consider opportunistic. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Max Rakhlenko with TD Cowen. 
Maksim Rakhlenko: Congrats on the nice quarter. So first, Laura, how are the brands performing against your own internal expectations? And which brands do you view to have the bigger opportunities to take market share from some of your struggling or closing peers? 
Laura Alber: It's a great question. We are disappointed in the top line performance. As you know, in most of our brands this year, except for our emerging brands, we've seen slower-than-expected furniture performance. That said, we've seen really strong seasonal performance, and these life stage businesses in certain categories are better than expected. So it's a big change for us that we've really focused on and made the shift into quickly with our marketing and our inventory purchases. 
 But as I think about the long term and we think about where we sit vis-a-vis the market, the market as you know is very large and very fractured. And so there's huge opportunity for us to gain share with all of our brands. I think that the names of our brands are stronger than the volumes that they produce. 
 When you think about the Williams-Sonoma name, the brand, Williams-Sonoma, and you think about how small it is, and the consolidation of the industry with Bed Bath & Beyond closing its retail footprint and others going out of business, and not seeing anyone deliver on exclusive proprietary products for high-end kitchen, you can see what a tremendous opportunity we have. 
 And with that also, we have Williams-Sonoma Home, which sits in that higher-end space where there's not many, particularly in the aesthetic that we're serving. I actually have Felix sitting right next to me. And I -- we invited him today because we're upon the very large holiday season that we're looking forward to. And as you know, Williams-Sonoma really spikes during the holiday season. 
 And so Felix, do you want to make a few comments about how you see your brand gaining market share in the future? 
Felix Carbullido: Sure. I don't want to give away too much of our winning formula, but it includes curating the best products out there, right, inspiring customers how to use it, offering it in their channel of choice, whether it be online or in-store. I think some houseware brands offer products that don't inspire, and some inspire but don't have 150-plus stores and a great website to purchase from. As Jeff said, our beautiful stores, our well-trained and passionate store associates, our inspiring catalog and our multidimensional website are competitive advantages I don't think anyone really has. 
 And as we head into the fourth quarter, this is the time that we celebrate the most. We have Thanksgiving, Hanukkah, Christmas, New Year's Eve, these are reasons for people to come visit our stores. And I think we've pulled together the best assortment of gifts and holiday decor that we ever have had. So we're excited, and we want to continue to gain market share, and all indicators are that in the kitchen business, it appears we are. 
Laura Alber: And then as you look at our other brands, both the big ones, both West Elm and Pottery Barn, we have shown this year that there's areas within each brand that are very underdeveloped and where there's sizable opportunity from accessible furniture for Pottery Barn and dorm to -- in West Elm, filling out the modern accessory textile piece, which we haven't addressed and also more modern seasonal assortments. That's a big opportunity and one that has never been built. So we see us being able to pick up share in those two brands in specific categories. 
 And of course, the temporary furniture pullback is just that. This, too, shall reverse. And the great news is that we won't have built our business or held it up with promotions like others are at this time. That is getting out of our base, and it's going to continue to allow us to focus on delivering proprietary products and not just thinking about markdowns all the time, but thinking about how to build better collaborations and more relevant product lines that the customer loves. 
 The last thing I'll just say is, we've talked about B2B, it's across all brands. It's a big driver of market share for us because nobody is doing what we're doing. And so it's a very, very large industry, and we're still scratching the surface. And we are still -- as Josie who runs it likes to say, we are still doing more gathering than hunting. And we have a lot more that we can do as we continue to build this muscle. So we're excited about the growth algorithm for the future. And we do recognize that it's been softer than expected this year, particularly in furniture, but we're completely focused on that growth posture looking out into the future. 
Maksim Rakhlenko: That's great. Super helpful. And Jeff, I have to ask you a margin question. But when we think about the updated margin guidance, is there anything in it that makes you think that you can at least hold it as we think ahead, especially once you start to leverage fixed expenses on top line growth? 
Jeff Howie: As I said in the answer to Chuck's question on gross margin, we anticipate that the results we saw in Q4, the tailwinds I've been talking about will continue -- I'm sorry, the results from Q3, the tailwinds I've been talking about will continue into Q4. These are pretty strong tailwinds. I talked about the impact of ocean freight, our supply chain efficiencies and our full price selling.
 While we're talking about guidance, I also want to just point out that while we don't guide specific lines, in last year's Q4, our SG&A materially benefited from some large favorable items we recorded that we don't anticipate reoccurring this year. But here's the key takeaway, it's all contemplated in our guidance, which we've raised our full year outlook for implied EPS. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. 
Uriel Zachary Abraham: This is Zach on for Simeon. On your view for top line, do you think this year will be the bottom? Your updated guidance implies an underlying deceleration in the fourth quarter across stacks. So do you think that the trends could inflect in '24? 
Jeff Howie: We'll talk more about next year after we get through the really important holiday season. Right now, that's where our focus is. And as Laura just touched on, our primary objective in '24 will be to drive both growth and margin, and we'll balance the macroeconomic certainty with our long-term growth potential. But we'll talk more about that in March. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Anthony Chukumba with Loop Capital Markets. 
Anthony Chukumba: Let me add my congratulations as well on the strong profitability. So you talked about introducing a larger ordering of new products at mid-tier and lower price points. And then you talked specifically about Pottery Barn introducing some of those products. 
 I guess just 2 questions related. Are there any other brands that have -- where you've introduced those mid- and lower-tier products? And then how do the merchandise, the selling margins on those products, compare to some of your higher price point offerings? 
Laura Alber: Thanks, Anthony. The margin profile is the same as the rest of our products. So it's not that they're lower at all, in fact, they're great margins. And we've done the same thing also in West Elm. And you're going to see us West Elm, which I'm really excited about, continue to have more and more newness sequentially. So for fall, you might have heard in my prepared remarks that we had some just superb winners in the furniture assortment. 
 And in some cases, they were also at the higher price points. So we're building upon those. Many of them are sold out right now. And we're thrilled, but we are also chasing those products, and we'll be getting back in stock in Q1 in those. And that gives us confidence about where we want to take the brand aesthetically, not just from a price point, but where we think the modern customer wants to be now where that evolution is going. 
 And so as we go into Q1 and Q2, I'm just really excited about the product line that you're going to see in West Elm. And based on the wins that we have currently, I think it's going to be a big change and the next really big step in the evolution, the next chapter, if you will, for West Elm's winning strategy. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Haas with Bank of America. 
Jason Haas: So I wanted to also ask about how you're thinking about the trade-off between comps and margins. I'm curious if you think that you could have driven gross profit dollars higher this year if you had used more promotions. Or do you think that, that wouldn't have actually driven the gross profit dollars higher? 
 My question is, obviously, if you could, but didn't, the reason would be because you don't want to destroy the pricing power over the long term. You don't want to harm the brand image. So I'm curious if you feel like that's the dynamic where you're basically sacrificing in the short term to hopefully have better results once the industry turns in your favor. 
Laura Alber: Yes. Jeff and I are fighting over your question. I would say it's both short term and long term. It's not clear as reducing prices drives more. If you have less people buying furniture, you just reduce the price 20%, you get 20% more people buy it just to be even, right? So you may think you're doing something, it's what retailers do, they mark stuff down when they want more sales, and it's not necessarily the case. In fact, we've done a lot of testing up and down to see where that sensitivity is. So that's one. 
 Secondly, for sure, it's not good for the long term. And you can see that -- the race to the bottom with promotions, if you look at the history of retailers who've done that, it's a bad idea. And we are not a low-price provider. We are quality, high-service, high-design retailer. And so pricing is not usually why you come to us. You want the price to be great for the value and the design. But our quality is so much higher, and we're not willing to sacrifice it in the short term or long term to sustain a promotional strategy. 
Jason Haas: That makes sense. And then as a follow-up, I was curious to ask about the West Elm performance in particular. It's good to see Pottery Barn and Williams-Sonoma performing well, both on a year-over-year basis and then also versus 2019. That used to not be the case, where previously, you'd see West Elm as the stronger performer. 
 I'm curious to know how much you think of that is external, given West Elm, I believe, tends to serve a younger, maybe less-affluent customer than those other brands versus how much of it is internal. You've talked about some of them. Can you talk about what changes are being made at West Elm and when we should expect to see improvement from those? 
Laura Alber: Sure. There's no doubt that the metrics -- the makeup of the West Elm business makes it more vulnerable to the external, right? You mentioned it. The younger customer, the less-affluent customer, the higher furniture, the less-developed seasonal business or less-developed decorative and textile business, those are all factors in the West Elm underperformance. 
 That said, we do not think about not being able to do anything about anything. We are focused on what we can do being served this set of circumstances. So we have been working very diligently to give the customer other options other than just furniture, and to make sure our stores have those things ready to go versus having them only online. It's a big change for us to push that business into the stores to drive repeat traffic not just when you come to buy furniture. 
 So we've talked about not just the development of those things, but I want to make sure you understand, too, the way we're using the channel strategy is to push things that are lower ticket and that are more for easy updates for the home versus the whole home. Also, we've been pushing collaborations. We've had some really great success lately with Colin King and Joseph Altuzarra. Those things sold out, and we've got some really exciting ones in that pipeline, and we have more confidence now to buy into those. And collaborations are very exciting for brands because they bring in new customer groups. And so that's a nice incremental change for us as well. 
 And then in terms of the product design, and without going into it too competitively, you always want to lead, right? You always want to lead with design. And we are making, as I just said previously, some pretty significant improvements in what we're bringing in, in terms of newness quantity and also the relevancy, in my opinion. And so that's very exciting. And it's in the hopper, it's on order. We're filling in where we're out of stock currently on some winners. And we're excited to see that come to fruition next year. 
 So it's not to me the -- and that's what all of our brands do with their designs. It's not that there's a problem, it's more that you want to stay on top and you want to lead. And this new leadership at West Elm and the focus on product and focus on design is really exciting. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer. 
Brian Nagel: So first off, I too, would like to add my congratulations on your continued profitability beats. So the question I want to ask, and I know it's a bit of a follow-up here, but just with respect to just the overall promotional environment. So I'll ask maybe a couple of questions within this question. I mean, one, as you're monitoring the environment and the actions of your competitors, is it -- if you look at the promotions that have accelerated, do you believe this is more temporary, either backdrop-driven, clearance-driven? Or is this the kind of the return to levels we saw pre-pandemic? 
 And then the second question I have -- and look, you've done a great job holding the line on your pricing. We clearly see that in the margins. I guess the question I'm asking is, is you're communicating with your customers then, has there been a shift in marketing or shifts otherwise that you're saying to your customers, look, we have great brands, these are high quality and you should not expect promotions from us? 
Laura Alber: And there's still plenty of things on sale because we clear products. So you can find -- if you're a promotional shopper, you can find sale prices on our websites for sure. So let's not pretend we don't have any. It's just that the quantity of those is so much lower than it's been, it's so much lower than our competitors. I don't like to name people by name, but we have scrubbed everybody's websites. And look at them, and they're littered with -- I mean, in some cases, it's 80% red lines, 100% red lines of some really good names out there.
 And I don't know what they're doing, but I can tell you what the customer sees. And I don't know when they're going to go back to regular price or if this is the new strategy, but this is what's going on in the marketplace. And it's very important to us that the customer can count on the price. Because if you buy a piece of furniture, it's likely not delivered for 4 to 5 weeks, if that price changes and it hasn't even been delivered, you're never going to -- you're going to always wait until you get the sale and you just create this up-and-down curve customers waiting for sale. It's not a good cycle. 
 And what I said before about the newness selling. When you bring out an incredible product, and this is today, even with this depressed furniture buyer, I'm talking about furniture. It sells out. Because when you have a product that good, customers want to buy it. But the key thing is the first time you price it, that price-value relationship needs to be great. So that is where we're focused. What is the first price, is that a great value? Is it the best value in the marketplace? And now we're looking at the competition and assuming they're going to be 20% off, assuming they're going to be 30% off. 
 So we're not just saying is it the best versus the regular price, we're saying is it the best versus their sale price. And that's the key driver here on creating value for the consumer and having them trust us. And when they trust us, they furnish their whole house with us. 
Brian Nagel: No, that's very helpful. If I could ask just a follow-up, unrelated. But with regard to -- again, gross margins, I mean, now we're seeing the benefit of moderating shipping costs. And recognizing that there's a lot of accounting noise in how these costs are capitalized but -- I guess, Jeff, maybe this is more for you, but I mean, how long will this dynamic prove a tailwind for gross margins for Williams-Sonoma? 
Jeff Howie: Look, we've certainly said in the call that it will continue into Q4. And previously, I've said it will continue to be a tailwind into 2024. But we're starting to hinge on 2024 guidance, which we'll address in March. But meanwhile, we're really laser-focused on delivering our Q4 results with the all-important holiday season ahead of us. 
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Laura Alber for any closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: Well, thank you all. We really appreciate your time, and I want to wish you all a wonderful Thanksgiving, and a great beginning to the exciting and beautiful holiday season with your family and friends. We look forward to talking to you again after the New Year, and take care. 
Operator: That will conclude. We thank you all for joining and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-23 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]
 I would now like to turn the call over to Jeremy Brooks, Chief Accounting Officer and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Jeremy Brooks: Good morning, and thank you for joining our first quarter earnings call. I'd like to remind you that during this call, we will make forward-looking statements with respect to future events and financial performance, including guidance for fiscal '23 and our long-term outlook.  
 We believe these statements reflect our best estimates. However, we cannot make any assurances these statements will materialize, and actual results may differ significantly from our expectations. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any of these statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after today's call.  
 Additionally, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. These measures should not be considered replacements for and should be read together with our GAAP results. A detailed reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures appears in Exhibit 1 to the press release we issued earlier this morning. This call should also be considered in conjunction with our filings with the SEC.
 Finally, a replay of this call will be available on our Investor Relations website. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer. 
Laura Alber: Thank you, Jeremy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the call. I want to begin by thanking our strong team at Williams-Sonoma, Inc. for their talent and hard work in delivering another solid quarter of earnings despite a challenging macro backdrop. With our focus on compelling products, customer service and profitability, we achieved our financial expectations.  
 We continue to distinguish ourselves as the world's largest digital-first, design-led, sustainable home retailer. What are the things that distinguish us? No other home furnishings company offers our in-house design capabilities and vertically integrated sourcing organization. This allows us to deliver high-quality, sustainable products at the best value to market that cannot be found anywhere else.  
 Most importantly, it allows us to lead with innovation, distinguishing us from our competition. We are always looking for new opportunities to inspire our customers through our in-house design. From the new summer block prints and exclusive heritage quilts in Pottery Barn to the Viv Swivel Chair in West Elm to the compelling new dorm assortment in Pottery Barn Teen and the exclusive electronics and ergonomic tools in the Williams-Sonoma brand, our company leads with innovation.  
 And just last week, we launched the newest brand in the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. portfolio, GreenRow. This new brand has been internally designed and developed, utilizing sustainable materials and manufacturing practices to create powerful, vintage-inspired heirloom quality products. GreenRow addresses white space within our portfolio and in the market. It is this type of innovation that distinguishes us within the home furnishings industry and most importantly, resonates with our customers.
 But not only are we innovators, we are operators. As you know, no other home furnishings company offers our digital-first but not digital-only channel strategy that's transforming the customer experience. With our proprietary e-commerce platform, we are one of the largest e-commerce players in the United States. And our in-house CRM and data analytics teams optimize our digital spend and customer connections.
 And we operate a world-class retail business with our stores serving as billboards for our brands. They are beautifully designed and curated with aspirational assortments. Our retail optimization efforts have refocused our fleet on the most profitable, most inspiring and most strategic locations. And our omni capabilities are a competitive advantage in the market.
 In Q1, examples of our operational excellence continued. We replatformed Rejuvenation's website, capturing new demand and driving higher conversions through enhanced imagery and an elevated customer experience. We managed our SG&A expense, leveraging our ad cost by limiting our spend to more proven efficient channels where customers show a higher level of intent to purchase. We made tough decisions to rightsize our organization to control costs and to drive focus and efficiency. We managed our receipts to control inventory levels. And we are making substantial progress on our customer service, which was affected by the pandemic. 
 We have successfully improved customer metrics, including on-time delivery. We are working hard to rebalance inventory to reduce multiple and out-of-market shipments, both of which will improve service levels further and reduce costs. We are here to serve our customers. Without them, nothing else matters.
 Lastly, we lead the home furnishings industry with our sustainability efforts and values-based culture. In Q1, we are recognized as one of the top 10 companies on Forbes list of America's Best Employers for Diversity in 2023. We were the highest ranking home furnishings retailer on the list.  
 Turning to the quarter. While our top line comp ran down 6%, our 2-year comp was 3.5%, our 4-year comp to 2019 was plus 46.5% and we delivered an operating margin of 12.9%, with earnings per share of $2.64, significantly above our prepandemic results.  
 In terms of demand, our trend softened from negative mid-single digits in Q4 to down 10% in Q1. The softness in demand was most notable in our high-ticket furniture offerings, but we didn't see that same trend in our high-ticket electronics and kitchen offerings. These disparate trends tell that the customer is still spending. The diversification and durability within our portfolio of brands and product offerings positions us better than our competition with this shift in spending.
 Now let's turn to more details in the brands. Pottery Barn ran down slightly with a negative 0.4% net comp in Q1, but ran 14% on a 2-year basis and 54.4% on a 4-year basis. We are seeing subdued demand in our furniture business, with customers demonstrating more caution on high-ticket considered purchases.  
 And in our outdoor business, we are seeing delayed purchasing until later in the summer season versus early spring. However, we are seeing strength in our exclusive decorating and textiles categories as customers choose to postpone bigger redesign projects to focus on easy updates, leveraging our beautiful print and pattern pillows, table linens, bedding and bath textiles, frames and decorative lighting.  
 In PB, summer seasonal newness is off to a good start with strong demand for block print quilts and heritage patchwork quotes. The customer response to our Americana and coastal decorating across tabletop, textile and decor has been strong ahead of the Memorial Day weekend and should extend into the summer season. As we look to the year ahead, the brand has a strong lineup of textiles, decorating and entertaining products at a great value and we are increasing our marketing of these categories to drive performance. 
 The Pottery Barn children's business ran a negative 3.3% comp in Q1. It was a negative 6.4% on a 2-year basis, but ran positive 29.6% on a 4-year basis. We see pressure in some of our children's furniture categories, but we continue to see strength in many parts of the baby business. And we are focused on elevating the customer experience in these life stage businesses. For example, in our baby business, we saw strength in our GREENGUARD Gold nursery seating, personalized baby gifts and our curated selection of baby gear, which positions us well as a destination for the registry business. And in our stores and across our mobile app, customers can register with Pottery Barn Kids and receive help from our nursery experts.  
 In our Teen brand, we are excited to have launched a compelling new dorm assortment, covering the needs of college-bound students with extra-long twin bedding and storage. Customers can shop online and ship products to any of our company stores near their college campus. Included in our dorm offer, we are excited to showcase our partnership with LoveShackFancy which has resonated with customers. Also, we are pleased with our first full quarter of results for our Pottery Barn Kids and Teen shopping apps. We are seeing customers respond to the easy-to-shop, thoughtfully designed experience and both apps are outperforming the mobile web across all KPIs. 
 The West Elm brand continues to be the most affected by the tough macro environment. In Q1, West Elm ran a negative 15.8% and was negative 3% on a 2-year basis, but 51.1% positive on a 4-year basis. We're excited that Day Kornbluth started with the team as the new Brand President on April 3. She'll lead West Elm through its next chapter of growth, most immediately with a focus on 4 areas: one, industry-leading design and value; two, increasing brand awareness and customer acquisition; three, expanding into product white space; and four, leveraging channel growth opportunities.
 West Elm is our brand with the highest percentage of its assortment in furniture. We see opportunity in West Elm as it expands into textiles, decorating, accessories, entertaining and seasonal offerings. We continue to be very excited about the long-term growth trajectory of West Elm.
 The Williams-Sonoma brand ran a negative 4.4% comp in Q1. On a 2-year basis, the brand ran negative 6.7%, but positive 33.9% on a 4-year basis. The Williams-Sonoma team remains focused on increasing product exclusivity, innovation, relevant content and full price selling. We have a pipeline of innovative product launches and collaborations planned throughout the year, and we see new opportunities from the integration of the Williams-Sonoma Home furnishings assortment into our kitchen business. We remain confident in our ability to gain market share in the housewares industry.  
 Now I'd like to update you on our growth initiatives, beginning with Business-to-Business. This business has 2 formats: trade and contract. The trade side of the business has been more impacted by the macro environment, but we continue to remain focused on the growth opportunity on the contract side. Contract grew mid-double digits in the quarter despite B2B running down 7% in total. We continue to win B2B accounts due to our design capabilities and a wide range of products offered in our multi-brand portfolio. And in fact, we have a stronger pipeline of projects currently out for bid compared to last year.
 Another growth initiative is our expansion into global markets. Our brand momentum continues to exceed expectations in the India market and we are driving growth through retail expansion with the opening of our third West Elm store, our second Pottery Barn store and our first Pottery Barn Kids store in Q3 2023. India is a strategic market as we expand globally, and we plan to open additional locations in 2024. 
 Additionally, we are seeing strength across all of our brands in the Middle East led by strong design services. We'll be expanding in the region with the opening of an additional Pottery Barn and West Elm store in Saudi Arabia in Q2. Canada is also a highlight with digital representing our biggest growth opportunity for the market. We launched B2B in Q1 in Canada, and we look forward to introducing the Canadian customer to Rejuvenation, Mark and Graham and Williams-Sonoma Home with the launch of their websites later this year.  
 In summary, we recognize that there is continued uncertainty with the environment and the consumer, but we operate in a highly fragmented market and we will continue to gain share by inspiring customers with our portfolio of strong brands and by building trust with a return to world-class customer service. And we will continue to generate strong profits.  
 On the guidance front, we are only 1 quarter into the fiscal year with a lot more volume to come. We have a lineup of opportunities in our brands which, considered with our 2-year and 4-year trends, supports our 2023 guidance. As we indicated in Q4, the first half of the year will be tougher with the strong comps we are up against and the declining macro. But in the back half, our compares get easier and our supply chain cost pressures start to roll off. Looking past the short term, we remain confident in our long-term guidance and our opportunity to furnish our customers everywhere.  
 We have built a company of loved brands with a shared platform of competitive differentiators that lead the industry: in-house design, a digital-first but not digital-only platform and our values. We have identified opportunities for growth through strategic initiatives like B2B, Emerging Brands and Global where we have the opportunities to disrupt. We have a culture of innovation and an experienced team who knows how to increase operational efficiency, control costs, deliver world-class customer service and drive new growth opportunities.
 And finally, with our focus on compelling products and restoring world-class customer service, along with our financial discipline and our great team, we are confident that we will continue to deliver on our commitment to our customers, our employees and our shareholders, all of whom I'd like to thank for their support. Now I will turn it over to Jeff. 
Jeff Howie: Thank you, Laura, and good morning, everyone. As Laura said, we're proud that we've delivered solid quarter of earnings in a challenging environment. On the top line, we continue to distinguish ourselves from the home furnishing industry through the strength of our proprietary in-house design, our family of strong and stable brands and our culture of innovation. On the bottom line, our operating margin demonstrates the resiliency of our profitability despite softer top line results and illustrates how the structural changes in our operating model support our long-term 15% operating margin floor.  
 Before I walk through our Q1 results and our fiscal year '23 guidance, I'll first touch on our non-GAAP adjustments. As Laura said, we continue to distinguish ourselves through innovation and good operations. Laura touched on the innovation across our brands that will continue to propel our market share gains and the newest member of our family of brands, GreenRow.  
 On the operations side, we are committed to driving efficiency across all our operations. As part of this commitment, we undertook 3 key initiatives to drive efficiency in Q1 that resulted in our recording $26 million in non-GAAP expenses. First, we completed a company-wide reduction in force, rightsizing our teams domestically and internationally, primarily focused on corporate noncustomer-facing positions.  
 Second, we closed our Southern West Coast upholstery manufacturing facility, moving our production from California to our lower-cost Southeastern U.S. facilities. Third, we exited our noncore Aperture SaaS business. Combined, these changes will result not only in an estimated annualized savings of $40 million, but also increased focus and efficiency across our corporate, supply chain and technology teams. For more details, please refer to the GAAP to non-GAAP schedule in our press release.  
 Now let's dive into our Q1 results. As I do so, in addition to year-over-year results, I'll reference 2019 as it's helpful to compare our performance with prepandemic levels. Net revenues came in at $1.755 billion, slightly below our expectations. While comparable brand revenue growth on the 1-year stack came in at negative 6%, our 2-year stack grew 3.5% and our full year stack against 2019 grew 46.5%.  
 In demand, we were up against our toughest 1-year compare to the year, leading Q1 demand to come in at negative 10% on a 1-year stack. However, our demand was negative 1% on a 2-year stack and positive 46.7% on a 4-year stack. Our net revenues were driven by strong order fulfillment and timing of revenue recognition as we had less undelivered orders in Q1 than in Q4. For context, in a normalized environment, typically, there is a spread between demand and net comps.
 Moving down the income statement. Gross margin at 38.6% was in line with our expectations. Coming in 520 basis points below last year, reflects the impact of the short-term supply chain costs and inefficiencies flowing through our income statement that we've been discussing in the past several quarters.  
 Merchandise margins decreased from last year as we experienced the full effect of the capitalized costs from higher product costs, ocean freight, detention and demerge into our income statement. This was partially offset by the higher pricing power, our proprietary products command and by our ongoing commitment to forgo site-wide promotions.  
 Selling margin continue to be impacted by higher outbound customer shipping costs as well. We continue to incur these higher costs to best serve our customers by shipping from out-of-market distribution centers and, in some cases, shipping multiple times for multiunit orders, which typically would have been fulfilled in a single shipment.  
 We're working hard to rebalance our inventory composition and regional inventory location to improve our customer service. As Laura touched on, we are pleased with the improvements in customer service we are already seeing, and we expect customer service will continue to improve over the course of 2023. Altogether, our selling margins were 350 basis points lower than last year. We estimate more than 300 of the 350 basis points are attributable to the short-term supply chain costs and inefficiencies I just discussed. At 38.6%, our Q1 gross margin remains 270 basis points higher than 2019's 35.9%. And that's inclusive of absorbing these more than 300 basis points in supply chain-related costs and inefficiencies.  
 Occupancy costs at 11.5% of net revenues were 170 basis points above last year with occupancy dollars increasing 8.6% to approximately $202 million. Our ongoing retail store optimization initiatives partially offset incremental costs from our new distribution centers on both the East and West Coast.  
 These new distribution centers will support our long-term growth, improve service time for our customers and drive cost efficiencies over time. Our 250 basis points leverage versus 2019's 14% occupancy rate demonstrates the impact of our higher e-com mix and retail optimization has had on our gross margin.  
 Our SG&A rate continues to be at a historic low for Q1 at 25.7%, leveraging 100 basis points over last year. This reflects our financial discipline and ability to control costs in a challenging environment. We held employment expenses as a rate of revenues flat to last year as we managed variable employment costs in accordance with our top line trends.  
 Our advertising leverage continues to reflect the agile, performance-driven proficiency of our marketing team. Our in-house capabilities, first-party data and multi-brand platform are an underappreciated competitive advantage that allow us to drive efficient advertising spend in near real time as we see trends evolve in the business. Overall, SG&A came in 320 basis points lower than 2019's SG&A rate of 28.9%. This once again highlights the impact of our higher e-com mix and retail optimization on our profitability.  
 With regard to the bottom line, we are pleased with our results despite the quarter's declining macroeconomic backdrop. Q1 operating income came in at $226 million, and operating margin at 12.9%. While down 420 basis points below last year, 12.9% stands 590 basis points above 2019's 7%.  
 These results reflect the durability of our profitability and underpin our 15% operating margin long-term guidance, [ and that's another ] quarter marked by significant macroeconomic headwinds, softer top line results and over 300 basis points in short-term supply chain-related cost pressures.  
 Our diluted earnings per share of $2.64 was $0.86 or 25% below last year's record first quarter earnings per share of $3.50, but significantly above 2019's earnings per share of $0.81. On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with a cash balance of $297 million with no debt outstanding. This is inclusive of investing $50 million in capital expenditures supporting our long-term growth, paying $58 million in quarterly dividends and opportunistically repurchasing [ 300 million ] or 3.8% of shares outstanding, congruent with our commitment to maximizing shareholder value.  
 Merchandise inventories, which include in-transit inventory, at $1.402 billion were essentially flat year-over-year, while inventory on hand increased 28% over last year. Two important points to emphasize here once again. First, our inventory on hand increase continues to be skewed by last year's pandemic-related supply chain disruption, creating an artificially low base. An apples-to-apples comparison versus 2019 highlights how we've improved our inventory turnover as our on-hand inventory levels have increased only 19% against revenue growth of over 41% during that time. Second, our lower balance sheet inventory growth reflects a 46% reduction in merchandise in transit as we've aligned our future on order with cautious forward-looking demand given our Q1 trends and the macroeconomic outlook.  
 Summing up our Q1, we are pleased to have delivered results in line with our expectations. We continue to distinguish ourselves within a fragmented home furnishings industry. Our operating margin demonstrates the resiliency of our profitability and our ability to maintain at least a 15% operating margin over the long term. I want to thank all our associates for their hard work and dedication in delivering these results in a challenging environment.
 Now let's turn to our guidance for 2023. As we look to the balance of the year, we are reiterating our fiscal '23 guidance. We recognize there is uncertainty in the macro and the consumer is becoming increasingly cautious, but this is our best estimate based on the facts and trends we know today.
 On the top line, extrapolating our 2- and 4-year trends in Q1 to full year '23 revenues land us within our guidance range. Specifically, our Q1 2-year trend yields full year revenues at the low end of guidance, while our Q1 4-year trend yields full year revenues between the midpoint and high end of guidance. On the bottom line, our Q1 results project our operating margin landing within our guidance, especially with the cost reductions we undertook this quarter. We continue to anticipate the first half of the year will be materially tougher.
 On the top line, our year-over-year demand comparisons and last year's high back order fill, coupled with the declining macro will yield negative comps. On the bottom line, we continue to foresee gross margin pressures as the supply chain cost sitting on our balance sheet continue to amortize into our income statement as well as ongoing incremental shipping costs to service our customers.  
 In the back half of the year, these headwinds should turn into tailwinds as our top line year-over-year comparisons get easier and our gross margin pressures become tailwinds that support our profitability. As we look beyond 2023, we remain confident in the long-term fundamentals of our business. We believe our long-term growth algorithm will continue to drive mid- to high single-digit top line growth with operating margins exceeding a floor of 15%. 
 As the world's largest digital-first, design-led, sustainable home retailer, we're committed to furnishing our customers everywhere. And we're confident that we'll continue to outperform our peers and deliver profitable growth for these reasons: our ability to gain market share in a fractured home furnishings industry, the strength of our in-house proprietary design, the competitive advantage of our digital-first, but not digital-only channel strategy, the ongoing strength of our growth initiatives and the resiliency of our fortress balance sheet.
 With that, I'll open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Cristina Fernndez with Telsey Advisory Group. 
Cristina Fernandez: I wanted to see if you could expand on the demand. You gave a good amount of color, but is the consumer still focused on, I mean, full price selling? And how are you conveying value to the customer in this environment? 
Laura Alber: Thanks, Cristina. It's been since Labor Day last year where we've seen choppiness in our demand across brands, channels, categories. It's no wonder because of the housing, higher rates, job loss, it does make the customer more cautious. However, it is clear that the customer is still spending and our portfolio of brands, our omni platform and our positioning allows us to compete better than our competition. We can serve our customers across a wide range of price points, product categories and aesthetics. And while we are seeing softness in our furniture business, we are also seeing quite a lot of strength in our high-end electrics and kitchen business. 
 And so there's areas where we are shifting our focus, particularly on our marketing. Customers are interested in easy updates for their house. They are entertaining at home, they are cooking at home and they are buying gifts. The recent news about some of the large-scale retailers like Bed Bath & Beyond going out of business gives us a wonderful opportunity to pick up even more market share. There's a lot out there that they served, whether it be dorm or baby and wedding registry that are areas of focus for us but are really going to be exaggerated now that we see the opportunity.
 So we are seeing some subdued areas, we also see that they are buying at full price the things that they are really looking for that are unique and that gives them the ability to update their home, which is so important to them without making that very large scale purchase. 
Cristina Fernandez: And then as a follow-up, on the revenue guidance for the year, if the environment stays the same, I guess, how are you thinking about specific, either brand merchandising initiatives or as you commented, market share gains from Bed Bath that would allow you to hit the guidance range you laid -- you maintained today? 
Laura Alber: I'm going to start by letting Jeff talk about our approach to the guidance range. 
Jeff Howie: Thank you, Laura. So we recognize that there's still uncertainty in the macro and the consumer is becoming increasingly cautious. As I said in my prepared remarks, if we extrapolate our 2- and 4-year trends in Q1, it lends us within our guidance range. And we've talked a lot about how the first half of the year is going to be materially tougher, especially on the top line, we're up against last year's more higher demand comps and the back order fill. But the back half is a different story, where our demand really started to decelerate last year after Labor Day. And that's where some of our headwinds right now should become tailwinds. 
 On the -- respect to things like Bed Bath & Beyond, that's an area where we continue to believe we gain market share. It's clear to us we're gaining our share of the Bed Bath & Beyond volume up for grabs. For example, in the Williams-Sonoma brand, we're picking up share in kitchen electrics and registry. In Kids, we're picking up share from buybuy BABY. Those customers want certainty when decorating their nurseries and know that the store they're buying from will still be there in a few months. And in Teen, we're seeing an early benefit in dorm that we anticipate will ramp as we hit the back-to-school season. 
 Bottom line is we think we're positioned to -- well positioned to gain market share in this fractured home furnishings industry with our in-house design, our digital-first, but not digital-only channel strategy and our strong and stable portfolio of brands. 
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Max Rakhlenko with TD Cowen. 
Maksim Rakhlenko: All right. Great. So first, just staying on the reiterated guidance. For top line, how much breathing room do you think that you're giving yourself for second half of the year? Especially, I think, you said demand comps was down 10% in 1Q and then B2B is also softening. 
Jeff Howie: Max, we -- like I spoke to in the last question in my prepared remarks, when we extrapolate our 2- and 4-year trends in Q1, it lands us pretty squarely in the guidance range. And so if you think about what that range could be, very specifically, our 2-year trend in Q1 land us at the low end, but our 4-year trend, which has been very consistent over Q1, land us between the midpoint and high end of guidance. So looking at that, combined with opportunities we have in the brand, what's happening in the market with people exiting like Bed Bath & Beyond, some of the smaller players who don't have the balance sheet to withstand some of the current pressures, we see there's opportunity for us to gain market share. 
Maksim Rakhlenko: Got it. Okay. Fair enough. And then can you speak specifically to product margins in 1Q, how they look compared to last year in prepandemic and the key drivers there? And then just how should we think about gross margin cadence for the remainder of the year? And how much of the pressure from second half of last year do you think that you can get back this year versus some of that continuing into next year? 
Jeff Howie: Yes. I think if you take a look at it, we don't break out product margins separate from our selling margins. But if we look at it all together, selling margins were down 350 basis points, driven by lower merch margins and higher shipping costs. As we've been talking about for several quarters, our merch margins reflect the full impact of the capitalized cost in our balance sheet from higher product costs, ocean freight, the tension and demerge that are now flowing through our income statement. And on the selling margins, it continues to reflect the additional costs we've incurred shipping multiple items to customers as I've enumerated. 
 When we think about it, in terms of the back half, it's really what we keep talking about in terms of headwinds and tailwinds. We quantified in the call that altogether, these incremental short-term costs accounted for over 300 basis points of the 350 basis points decline in our gross margin as well as our selling margin. So we see that in the back half, the main point is we've been guiding that we have near-term cost pressures that are a headwind, but in the back half, this will become a tailwind as we look to the back half of '23 and into '24. 
Maksim Rakhlenko: Got it. And then just maybe more specifically on promos, curious how those look, both versus last year and then prepandemic levels. 
Laura Alber: We are maintaining our stance on not running site-wide promos and only marking down things where we have a little bit too much inventory. And we are comped in our current Memorial Day promotion that we're running this year. We do that, I'd say, quarterly to reduce our overstocks and keep our inventory as clean as possible. and you're going to just continue to see us take markdowns where we need to. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question will come from the line of Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. 
Simeon Gutman: Laura, Jeff, I wanted to ask first about the 14% to 15%. I know it said above 15% in the long-term guidance. Can you talk about the path and how much you'll protect that, especially if we see a weaker consumer continue through the back half of the year. Are you intent on protecting this number through cost efficiency, et cetera? Or could we see that dip below and then a return back to some of the longer-term ranges? 
Jeff Howie: Simeon, thank you for the question. I love talking about operating margin. We are very confident in our guidance for fiscal year '23 at the 14% to 15%. If you take a look at where it's coming from in terms of our SG&A leverage, we are very focused on our cost control, managing our employment expenses, which we can flex with sales and managing our advertising costs, which you can see in Q1, we leveraged to drive the SG&A leverage there.
 And if I think about the back half of the year and where we're headed, we've quantified that of the 350 basis points decline in selling margin year-over-year, 300 of that we attribute to the short-term supply chain costs and efficiencies we've been talking to. That gives us a lot of room and a lot of confidence to be able to hit the 14% to 15% guidance. And then we throw on top of that, the restructuring charges we took in Q1, which should add $40 million annualized to fiscal year '23, which only a small portion of which actually hit in Q1. That adds another, say, 45, 50 basis points to our opportunity to hit the 14% to 15%.
 So bottom line is we feel confident in our 14% to 15% guidance for fiscal year '23. And we think longer term to the 15% operating margin floor, we think that our Q1 results provide the building blocks so everyone can see how we get there, especially when you take a look at the occupancy and SG&A leverage, versus 2019, and that's evidence of our structural change because of our higher e-com mix and our retail optimization strategy. 
Simeon Gutman: And if I'm allowed to sneak in a follow-up, did you -- can you quantify backlog at all? I think you helped us talk about it last quarter, I think. Can you help frame the year for us? 
Jeff Howie: Yes. In terms of the backlog, the backlog is normalized. It's not necessarily a factor like it's been in '20, '21 or '22. So we -- as we said on our Q4 call, the backlog is pretty much normalized at this point. It's not a factor in terms of our results. 
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Chuck Grom with Gordon Haskett. 
Charles Grom: Clearly, on the SGA side, you're doing a great job controlling what you can control. But the Home category in itself is really rebased much higher than 2019. And I guess I'm just curious what gives you the confidence that the category doesn't continue to mean reverts. So when we get into, say, '24 or maybe even '25,some of these sales issues persist. 
Laura Alber: Thanks, Chuck. I think the first thing to remember is that the category is very fractured and very large and no one company owns much share. And so companies like ours that are positioned to take share will continue to win. Customers are still spending. They love their homes. When I talked to you last, the housing was down 37% last year, it's now down 22%. It's gotten a little bit better, but we're certainly not counting on that.
 The reality is that the cycle of how they purchase is in phases. Some people are in their home for -- a lot of our customers, mostly in their home for a year, but a lot of them have been in their home for over 3 years, right? And there's a large group that's been in their home for more than 10 years. And these are all opportunities for remodel, update, decorate. You don't have to just redo the whole house to come shop with us because we sell so many other things. We sell pillows. We have frames for those grad gifts that you're all looking for. We are showing you beautiful tablescapes. The gift giving, the babies, all those life stages are embedded and they're real pieces of our business.
 And so it's not just about that movement to buy a new house and buy everything in it. And people love their homes. There's no question that it's on everyone's mind still. And I think they're just very cautious right now to buy the big ticket. And they are still shopping, as I said to you before, we can see it in so many of our categories where they're coming to us every -- we have newness, whether it's LoveShackFancy or some of the new bedding products in Pottery Barn. When we have that high fashion newness that we're so good at, that's exclusive, they definitely purchase and they're purchasing at regular price. 
Charles Grom: Okay. Great. That's helpful. Thank, Laura. And then just for Jeff, I mean, clearly, the math on the 2- and the 4-year stacks are correct, and you would be within your guidance. But I guess I'm curious on the demand comp, your comments about the consumer becoming increasingly cautious, if the trend line in that demand comp changed at all as we progressed throughout the past couple of months and into May? 
Jeremy Brooks: So our demand trends have remained consistent. They did on the -- 1- and 2-year they did... 
Laura Alber: It's really choppy. 
Jeff Howie: Yes. But the 1- and 2-year did decelerate across Q1, but the 4-year was remarkably consistent. So when we look at these trends and we extrapolate them forward, both on the demand side and the net side, we feel it supports our guidance that we've given, as I outlined in the call. 
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Anthony Chukumba with Loop Capital Markets. 
Anthony Chukumba: Just had a question about GreenRow. Obviously, it's super, super early, just launched the brand next week, but I would love to just get some perspectives in terms of the way you think about positioning GreenRow. It looks like it's a lot of furniture. It looks like it's an heirloom, like more traditional furniture. But how are you sort of thinking about that? And obviously, once again, super early, but dream the dream in terms of the long-term opportunity there. 
Laura Alber: Thank you for bringing that up, Anthony. We're very excited and proud of what we've done on GreenRow. We are very focused on sustainability across all of our brands, but we thought it was time that we really approached a brand from the beginning with that as a -- as one of the primary things that we're doing. And so we are able to use all that we know to build an assortment that is both completely sustainable, but also really beautiful and differentiated in the market.
 Many times, when you think about sustainable products, you think about neutrals, very basic products. You don't think about fashion. And GreenRow has both. It's colorful, it's optimistic, it's, I would say, vintage-inspired, European-inspired, and we are giving a range of products from table linens to furniture, very carefully selected, built-to-last. It should be the last table that you buy. It's -- the product is high quality, durable and beautiful.
 And I'd say in terms of white space, the aesthetic is definitely more feminine than our other brands. And just like there are so many different types of music and new songs that come out as best sellers, we knew that there was -- there's always opportunities for new brands, and we've been good at starting them. Most of our business today we're internally started brands. And so while it's going to be very small, it is significant for a while, we're optimistic and it's an example of innovation at Williams-Sonoma, Inc. 
Anthony Chukumba: Got it. That's helpful. And then a quick related follow-up. So you've talked in the past about the fact that as access to easy money has dried up a lot of these smaller DTC brands, these ankle biters, I believe is the term that you've used, you're seeing more like inbounds where they're trying to sell to you or maybe they're going away. I guess any change that you've seen over the last few months in terms of what's going on with the ankle biters? 
Laura Alber: Yes. I mean they're certainly having a tougher time. And we're seeing it in all the ways you mentioned, whether it's people looking for an exit or site-wide promotions. We can see that some of them are buying less ad terms than they were previously, and not enough innovation. I mean this innovation piece is really key to the future. And so they may have had a product or an idea that was very good a couple of years ago, but they can't keep up. They're falling behind. So it's a real opportunity for us. None of them -- put them all together and it's a part of the market and I think some of them will make it, but most of them will not. 
Jeff Howie: Yes. I would just jump in and say I think this is a competitive advantage for us in the marketplace that is going to come -- potentially come under some pressure, where our fortress balance sheet will enable us to withstand these pressures that many of these small competitors were not. And so we'll just continue to pick up market share as they run into trouble. 
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Oliver Wintermantel with Evercore ISI. 
Oliver Wintermantel: I had a question regarding B2B. I think, Laura, you said it was down 7% in the quarter, but then contract was up mid-double digits. Can you explain the difference there? What drove that up mid-double digits? And then trading must have been down, obviously, a lot worse than the 7%. 
Laura Alber: Yes. Thank you. This continues to be an area that we're very excited about, and we've seen continued success in driving large project growth including it was our largest quarter history to date for our brand standard and annuity programs. Our contract business has maintained an accelerated growth trajectory, most notably this quarter in hospitality, multi-residential mixed use, along with increased engagement from the commercial sector. Although the trade business has softened over the last few months, we are starting to see signs of volume building back in our designer business, and we are confident in our ability to compete for this business, and we continue to take share while maintaining a very, very strong focus on growing our contract project pipeline, which is really where we want to increase the penetration over the future. Jeff, do you want to add anything to what I... 
Jeff Howie: Yes. I think it's always helpful to dimensionalize with some of our notable wins in the last quarter. So with Marriott and Starbucks, both names everyone knows, we saw our best quarter ever. They both logged triple-digit growth. In our residential developer business, we continue to expand our portfolio with key industry names, such as [ Related ], Pulte and Lennar. We completed office projects with Salesforce, [ Dan's Corporation ], Republic Airways. In the stadium space, we helped Auburn University update their Gameday suites. And we're getting traction in some of our newer industry segments like cruise, where we partnered with Celebrity Cruises to furnish some of the departure lounges and continue to build out our book of business in the space. The key point here is B2B continues to be a winning strategy for us, and we continue to capture market share in this $80 billion fragmented market. 
Oliver Wintermantel: Got it. And then just as a follow-up, when I hear your commentary there, the -- on contract, that mid-double digit, it sounds like it should continue to grow nicely, but the trade should recover. So should we -- for the rest of the year, in other words, should we see that negative 7% to improve throughout the year? 
Jeff Howie: We don't guide B2B specifically across the quarters, but we do continue to expect B2B will aid our comps throughout the quarter. And it's all baked in to... 
Laura Alber: Throughout the [ year ]. Yes, throughout the [ year ]. 
Jeff Howie: Yes, thank you. Thank you, Laura. And it's all contemplated in our annual guidance. 
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Seth Sigman with Barclays. 
Seth Sigman: I wanted to follow up on the shape of demand. So there was clearly a step down in Q1, maybe even within Q1. But I wanted to confirm, based on an earlier comment that it sounds like you're seeing some stabilization. I don't know if that was late Q1 or a Q2 comment, but maybe you could just clarify that.
 And then the second part of the question, it's more about visibility into some of the specific operational drivers that you have that I think you've embedded in the sales outlook for the year. Maybe you could just elaborate on where you are with respect to some of those, thinking about rebalancing inventory, improving delivery accuracy, maybe reducing some of the concessions. I think you've built some of those into the sales outlook. So where are we with those today? And how important are those for the outlook? 
Laura Alber: Sure. It's Laura, and then I'll let Jeff add some more detail. So as I said, we've seen choppiness since Labor Day. So the consistency is the choppiness. And when we look at the balance of the year and we take into consideration our opportunities by brand and the fact that Williams-Sonoma becomes a bigger part of the mix in Q4. And then we run our 2- and 4- years, Jeff, when we get to our guidance range. 
 But there's a lot of other things other than just sales that are extremely important. And there's a lot of opportunities even in the short term. And the biggest one of all is customer service. The pandemic was a time where supply chain was very disrupted. Products were late -- very late. We had to repeatedly tell customers that they weren't getting things and that cost us a lot of money and a lot of credibility with our customers.
 And during this time, we have been working so hard to improve our service levels and return to world-class service, which has always been a key tenet of who we are and why our customers come to us. And I'm pleased to tell you that we are already seeing significant improvements in on-time delivery, which is a key part of customer satisfaction.
 Customer service is also a profit driver. So Jeff went through some of the areas where we're going to see natural improvement just because we're lapping high cost from last year. But what we haven't quantified is the -- all the costs that are embedded that were wastes, that will improve our operating margin. So while, yes, the top line is subdued, we have opportunity to build for the long term and ensure that we deliver a very profitable business while others really suffer. And over time, you're going to see us be one of the strongest players, I believe, in the industry. 
Seth Sigman: So then -- that's really helpful. So I guess, one follow-up would be just around the sensitivity in the financial model, right? Obviously, top line is under pressure but that's not the only thing that matters, right? And so how much have you built in here? How much can sales potentially flex lower while still achieving the margins and EPS that you laid out here based on some of those drivers? 
Laura Alber: I think Jeff has already answered that question. I think you saw us -- I know you saw us deliver a higher operating margin than expected in Q1. And with, I think, lower sales than most people's model showed, and that is because we've always been very disciplined. We are aggressive about finding efficiencies and cutting costs but also our platform and our omni positioning allows us to flex more than others. We've been doing this for a while. We went through the downturn and we came out stronger. And so I would tell you that our track record versus me just saying I'm confident, our track record shows you that we are able to produce even if the top line is more subdued. 
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Anna Andreeva with Needham. 
Anna Andreeva: Great. Two quick ones from us, keeping in mind that it's volatile out there, like you've said. Just curious on what are you seeing with demand so far in the second quarter? I think you mentioned the Memorial Day promos are being planned similar to last year's levels. Can you talk if you're still seeing the consumer come out for events? And then secondly, on the $40 million in cost reduction I think you said some of it affected the P&L already in the first quarter. Just any color on how we should think about those savings as we go through the year. 
Laura Alber: Yes. Thank you. We're really early in the quarter, couple of weeks in here versus when we talked about after Q4, we were more -- we're further along in the quarter. So I wouldn't read anything into -- I wouldn't make any comment about at least a couple of weeks into the quarter. I did mention we're seeing softer sales in furniture and outdoor seems to be following a later curve than it did obviously in the pandemic where people bought it earlier. We are seeing strength in our textile decorating business, gift giving, kitchen business. And so all those were covered in my prepared remarks.
 And when we think about the back half of the year, we're going to continue to build on those strengths, both in marketing, but also as we think about West Elm, the opportunity to add more assortment in gift giving and also in entertaining for the more modern customer, you will see us do that this fall and holiday season with some more newness in those categories, which I think was a really good strategy to do that because we're seeing that that's where the strength is in the business. 
Jeff Howie: And Anna, in respect to your question on the $40 million in savings, our cost-cutting measures happened in phases across the quarter, both domestically and internationally. And because of that timing, only a very small portion of the $40 million actually booked into Q1. So the majority of that savings will be recognized over the next 3 quarters. So that is factored into our guidance, but it gives us additional confidence in the op margin guidance range we gave of 14% to 15% for 2023. 
Operator: At this time, I will hand the call back over to management for closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: Well, thank you all for joining us. I really appreciate all the great questions, and I wish you all the best over the summer. Looking forward to talking to you soon. 
Operator: That will conclude today's meeting. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-03-16 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Jeremy Brooks, Chief Accounting Officer and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Jeremy Brooks: Good morning, and thank you for joining our fourth quarter earnings call. I'd like to remind you that during this call, we will make forward-looking statements with respect to future events and financial performance, including guidance for fiscal '23 and our long-term outlook. We believe these statements reflect our best estimates. However, we cannot make any assurances these statements will materialize, and actual results may differ significantly from our expectations.
 The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any of these statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after today's call. Additionally, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. These measures should not be considered replacements for and should be read together with our GAAP results. Specifically, we recorded an impairment charge of $17.7 million in the fourth quarter to write off certain software and hardware costs and goodwill associated with Aperture, a division of our Outward subsidiary. This impairment charge does not affect our ongoing use or strategy of the Outward Technology in our portfolio of brands and in our design and room planning functionality.
 Accordingly, our non-GAAP results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year '22 have been adjusted for this impairment charge. A full reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure appears in Exhibit 1 to the press release we issued earlier this morning. This call should also be considered in conjunction with our filings with the SEC.
 Finally, a replay of this call will be available on our Investor Relations website. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer. 
Laura Alber: Thank you, Jeremy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the call. At Williams-Sonoma, Inc., we're proud that despite the declining macro environment, we delivered another year of record revenue and record earnings. With our relentless focus on compelling products, customer service and profitable growth, we continue to outperform our peers. We continue to gain market share, and we continue to distinguish ourselves as the world's largest digital-first, design-led sustainable home retailer. And what are these things that distinguish us? No other home furnishings company offers our in-house design capabilities and vertically integrated sourcing organization.  
 It allows us to deliver high-quality, sustainable products at the best value to market that cannot be found anywhere else. No other home furnishings company offers our digital-first but not digital-only channel strategy that's transforming the customer experience. With our proprietary e-commerce platform, we are one of the largest e-commerce players in the United States. Our in-house CRM and data analytic teams optimize our digital spend and customer connections.  
 And our great stores not only deliver an outstanding customer experience, but also in 2022, we expanded our services with ship to store as we transition our stores to also service design centers in omni fulfillment hubs. And no other home furnishings company has our strong record on value that many consumers want today. In Q4, we are proud to be named to Newsweek's list of America's most responsible companies. The Morgan Stanley Capital International ESG assessment gave us a AAA rating, the highest possible. And we were included on the 2022 S&P Dow Jones Sustainability Index for North America, the only new retailer added to the North America list in 2022.
 Along with our key differentiators, our success and profitability has been driven by our new growth initiatives that are cross brand and/or outside of our core brands. Our largest cross-brand growth driver is business to business. Williams-Sonoma, Inc. is no longer just a home furnishings company. We furnish our customers everywhere from restaurants to hotels, from football stadiums to office spaces. We set the ambitious goal this year to reach $1 billion in demand in our B2B business, and we came very close, driving 27% year-over-year growth and 166% on a 2-year basis.
 And we continue to win B2B accounts due to our design capabilities and a wide range of products offered in our multi-brand portfolio. Another successful growth initiative is our expansion into global markets. In the massive market of India, our new partnership with the Reliance Group is off to a very strong start. With our exclusive and differentiated product line, our 3 stores and websites in India are outperforming our expectations in a market where we see tremendous opportunity. And in Canada, we relaunched our website and saw improvements in conversion and AUR across brands.
 In our new businesses, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham have also provided incremental growth. Together, in fiscal 2022, they represented nearly $270 million in revenues and drove nearly a 10% comp on the year. These 2 brands service white space needs of customers. At Rejuvenation, we're expanding into remodel categories related to kitchen and bathroom, including vanities, cabinet hardware and custom wall lighting. And at Mark and Graham, our high-quality gift and personalization business is resonating with our customers, and we see outsized growth in the travel space, including luggage and accessories.
 Our core brands, Pottery Barn, Pottery Barn Kids, Pottery Barn Teen, West Elm and Williams-Sonoma are also key contributors to our strong fiscal 2022, together growing at 6.4%. Put it all together, our key differentiators and our growth initiatives, and you see the results that we are reporting today. We're proud that we achieved our fiscal '22 annual guidance and delivered a 6.5% comp on the top line and an operating margin of 17.5%.
 At the same time, we drove EPS growth of over 11% to $16.54 per share from $14.85 last year. As I said at the top, we continue to outperform our peers in a year where the industry grew 1%, we grew more than 5%. All of this is particularly impressive given the declining macro backdrop in Q3 and Q4 of 2022 and the record demand that we are up against in 2021. Stepping back for a moment and looking at the last 12 years,  it's clear that we've consistently delivered. And more recently, since 2019, we've grown our revenues more than 47%, adding $2.8 billion to the top line.
 We've also more than doubled our operating margin from 8.6% to 17.5%. Now let's talk specifically about Q4. Our Q4 results were achieved while the macro backdrop weakened. Our demand comps were in the negative mid-single-digit comp range and were inconsistent across our portfolio of brands leading to a net revenue comp of negative 0.6% total company. In addition, although supply chain cost increases pressured our margins, we were able to offset these headwinds with SG&A cost savings producing an operating margin of 19.9% and earnings per share of $5.50 in Q4.
 Now let's talk about our brands for Q4 and for the full year. Pottery Barn ran a positive 5.8% comp in Q4 and a 14.9% on the full year. On a 3-year basis, Pottery Barn generated a 54% comp. Pottery Barn's inspirational product offering and successful execution of its growth initiatives like the Accessible Home, Apartment and Marketplace drove the performance. Also, our holiday offering was successful. As we look to the year ahead, the brand has a strong lineup of product offerings, including new products with great design and sharp price points.
 The Pottery Barn Children's business ran a positive 4% comp in Q4 and a positive 0.4% on the year. On a 3-year basis, the Children's business generated a 28.6% comp. Growth continued to be driven from Baby and Dorm. And another highlight is our successful introduction of our exclusive collaboration with the trending fashion brand, LoveShackFancy, which is outperforming our expectations. Also, in both Pottery Barn Kids and Pottery Barn Teen, we're excited to have launched a new native shopping app, which brings enhanced functionality and provides customers with an easy-to-use interface. We've only been live with the app for a short time, but we are seeing positive response, and we'll continue to read the results to determine if we should launch apps for our other brands.
 In Q4, the Children's business benefited from an improved in-stock position, which is critical to this life stage business and will continue to benefit us this year. The West Elm brand was most affected by the tough macro environment. In Q4, West Elm ran a negative 10.7%, coming off very strong multiyear comps. On a full year basis, West Elm ran a 2.5% comp and very strong operating margins. On a 3-year basis, the West Elm brand generated a 50.8% comp.  
 Looking ahead, we're very excited about the recent announcement of Day Kornbluth as the new brand president effective April 3. Day has a proven track record and previous success growing home furnishings brands. To lead West Elm through its next chapter of growth with a focus on 4 areas: industry-leading design and value; increased brand awareness and customer acquisition; expanding into product white space; and leveraging channel growth opportunity.
 Given the cautious consumer, we continue to see short-term softness. But with Day Kornbluth leading this brand, the total addressable market opportunity and the focus on those 4 areas, we continue to be very optimistic about the long-term growth trajectory of West Elm. Finally, the Williams-Sonoma brand had a successful holiday season, but ran a negative 2.5% comp in Q4, largely driven by softness in January.
 On the full year, the brand ran a negative 1.7% comp. On a 3-year basis, Williams-Sonoma generated a 32.6% comp. And while the housewares market has become extremely promotional, the Williams-Sonoma team remains focused on increasing product exclusivity, innovation, relevant content and full price selling. We have a pipeline of innovative product launches and chef collaborations planned throughout the year, and we see new opportunities from the integration of the Williams-Sonoma Home Furnishing's assortment into our kitchen business.  
 Looking ahead, we recognize that with the weak housing market, layoffs and a possible recession, there's a lot of uncertainty with the consumer. Nevertheless, we remain confident with our key differentiators and our growth initiatives, we're confident in our top line. With our focus on reducing costs and managing inventory levels, we're confident on our bottom line. And with the home furnishings market remaining large and fragmented, including the B2B market at an estimated $80 billion TAM, we're confident that we will continue to gain market share.
 With our relentless focus on compelling products, customer service and profitable growth and its inflation and costs, including shipping come down,  we're confident that will drive operating margins of more than 14%, as Jeff will discuss in more detail. Looking even further out, we remain confident in our long-term growth algorithm. I believe we're going to get through the coming environment better than any of our peers. We are going to keep delivering profitable growth, and we believe we can deliver a mid- to high single-digit top line growth and sustain our operating margin of at least 15% once the external environment improves.  
 This is a great company with great brands and with our culture of innovation and talent, our values and the strength of our team, we're moving ahead with our vision to furnish our customers everywhere. As we do, we're confident that we will continue to outperform our peers and deliver for all of our customers, employees and shareholders. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jeff. 
Jeff Howie: Thank you, Laura, and good morning, everyone. As Laura said, because of our key differentiators and growth initiatives, 2022 was another record year of revenue and earnings with our relentless focus on compelling products, customer service and profitable growth. We have outperformed our peers, and we continue to gain market share. Now I will walk you through our fiscal 2022 results, our Q4 results and then 2023 guidance.  
 More specifically, full year 2022 net revenues grew in line with our guidance of mid- to high single-digit growth, finishing at $8.674 billion, a 6.5% comp on top of the 22% comp in 2021 and a 17% comp in 2020. With our digital first but not digital-only platform, we saw growth across both channels, with e-commerce growing 4.5% comp and retail 11.1%. E-commerce now represents 66% of our total revenues. Gross margin at 42.4% of net revenues, deleveraged 160 basis points from last year. That happened as we absorb the ongoing impact of COVID supply chain disruption and global inflationary pressure.  
 With our strong financial discipline and cost control, we were able to materially offset these headwinds in gross margin as SG&A at 24.9% of net revenue, leveraged 140 basis points from last year. Operating margin of 17.5% was consistent with our full year guidance of being materially in line with our fiscal year '21 results and demonstrates the resiliency and profitability of our operating models.  
 Diluted earnings per share of $16.54, grew 11% over last year's $14.85, another record year of earnings for our shareholders. In fact, we're proud that 2022 constitutes the fourth consecutive year of EPS growth for our shareholders, another example of how we've consistently delivered. Likewise, our fortress balance sheet and consistent ability to generate free cash flow allowed us to fund our business operations, increase our capital investments to $354 million to support our long-term growth, and returned over $1 billion in excess cash to our shareholders.
 Dividend payouts were approximately $217 million or $3.12 per share, represented the 13th consecutive year we have increased our dividend. Coupled with our share repurchases of $880 million, this shows our strong commitment to maximizing total returns for our shareholders. And here's another example of our financial discipline and commitment to driving long-term growth for our shareholders. Our 49% return on invested capital, inclusive of our higher capital investments and increased inventory levels, our ROIC is among the best in the retail industry.  
 December 2022 results, we're proud to have delivered another year of record revenues and earnings. I want to thank all our associates for their hard work and dedication in driving these great results. Turning to our Q4 results. As Laura said, we continue to outperform our peers. This was despite the quarter's ongoing demand choppiness and declining macroeconomic backdrop. With our ability to gain market share through the strength of our proprietary in-house design and our family of strong and stable brands, our top line outperformed the industry.  
 Our resilient operating margin demonstrates the power of our operating model to sustain profitability. Net revenues came in at $2.453 billion, with comparable brand revenue growth at negative 0.6%. Demand on the quarter was in the mid-single-digit negative comp range, decelerating from Q3's demand trends. We saw a strong holiday season book ended by a soft early November and a soft January. Our net revenues were driven by strong order fulfillment, ongoing momentum in our growth initiatives and our continued ability to take market share even as we continue to experience inconsistent demand.
 Moving down the income statement. Gross margin of 41.2%, was in line with our expectations.  Coming in 380 basis points below last year, it reflects the impact of the higher input costs flowing through our income statement, including higher product costs, ocean freight, detention and demurrage as well as our efforts to meet our customer service expectations. Merchandise margins decreased from last year as we started to absorb the capitalized costs from higher product costs, ocean freight, detention and demerge into our income statement. This was partially offset by the higher pricing power, our proprietary products command and by our ongoing commitment to forgo site-wide promotions.
 The gross margin decline was also attributable to higher outbound customer shipping costs. We continue to incur these higher costs to best serve our customers by shipping from out-of-market distribution centers, and, in some cases, shipping multiple times for multiunit orders, which typically would have been fulfilled in a single shipment. We're working hard to rebalance our inventory composition and regional inventory location to improve our customer service.
 We expect customer service to gradually improve over the next few quarters.  Occupancy costs at 8.3% of net revenues were 60 basis points above last year, with occupancy dollars increasing 5% to approximately $204 million. Our ongoing retail store optimization initiatives partially offset incremental costs from our new distribution centers on both the East and West Coast. These new distribution centers will support our long-term growth, improve service time for our customers and drive cost efficiencies over time.  
 Our SG&A rate continues to be at a historic low at 21.3%, leveraging 270 basis points over last year, showcasing our financial discipline and ability to control costs. Employment leverage to last year as we manage variable employment costs in accordance with our top line trends and adjusted incentive compensation with business performance. Our advertising leverage reflects the agile, performance-driven proficiency of our marketing team.  
 Our in-house capabilities, first-party data and multi-brand platform are an underappreciated competitive advantage that allows us to drive efficient advertising spend in near real time as we see trends evolve in the business. SG&A also includes recoveries from insurance in the fourth quarter. With regard to the bottom line, we delivered another solid quarter of earnings in a challenging environment.
 Q4 operating income of $487 million and operating margin at 19.9%, which is only 110 basis points below last year, reflects the durability of our profitability, despite significant macroeconomic headwinds and inflationary cost pressures. Our record diluted earnings per share of $5.50, was $0.08 or 1.5% above last year's record fourth quarter earnings per share of $5.42. On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with a cash balance of $367 million and no debt outstanding. This is inclusive of consistently paying our quarterly dividend and opportunistically repurchasing shares congruent with our commitment to maximizing shareholder value.
 Merchandise inventories, which include in-transit inventory, at $1.456 billion, increased 17% over last year, while inventory on hand increased 40% over last year. There are 3 important points to emphasize here. First,  our inventory on hand increase is skewed by last year's pandemic-related supply chain disruption, creating an artificially low base. An apples-to-apples comparison versus 2019 highlights how we've improved our inventory turnover as our on-hand inventory levels have increased only 21% against revenue growth of over 47% during that time.
 Second, supply chain congestion eased earlier than anticipated in Q4. Like many retailers, we adjusted our transit times during the pandemic and received receipts substantially earlier than we expected in Q4 as transit times normalize. While this contributed to our increased inventory levels, it enabled us to substantially reduce our backlog to normalized levels.
 Third, our lower balance sheet inventory growth reflects a 40% reduction in merchandise in transit, as we've aligned our future on order with cautious forward-looking demand given the macroeconomic outlook. To sum up our Q4 results, we've outperformed our industry. Our top line proves our ability to take market share. Our operating margin demonstrates the resiliency of our profitability, and our record earnings per share is testimony to our commitment to maximize shareholder returns.
 Now let's look ahead to 2023. Due to the macroeconomic uncertainty, we are providing a wide range of guidance for '23. 2023 net revenues are expected to be in the range of down 3 comp to positive 3 comp, with operating margins between 14% and 15%. We expect the first half of the year will be materially tougher. On the top line, our year-over-year demand comparisons and last year's high back order fill, coupled with the declining macro will likely yield negative comps.
 On the bottom line, we continue to foresee gross margin pressure, as we saw in Q4. The higher input costs sitting on our balance sheet will continue to amortize into our income statement as well as ongoing incremental shipping costs to service our customers. In the back half of the year,  these headwinds should turn into tailwinds as our top line year-over-year comparisons get easier and our gross margin pressures become tailwinds that support our profitability.
 Our capital allocation plans for 2023 prioritize funding our business operations and investing in our long-term growth. We expect to spend $250 million in capital expenditures to invest in the long-term growth of our business. This constitutes a 30% decrease from 2022, with 80% of the spend dedicated to driving our e-commerce leadership through technology enhancements and supply chain efficiency initiatives. We expect to continue to return excess cash to our shareholders in the form of increased quarterly dividend payouts and ongoing share repurchases.
 For dividends, today, we announced another double-digit increase in our quarterly dividend payout of 15% or $0.12 to $0.90 per share. Again, fiscal year '23 will be the 14th consecutive year of increased dividend payout, which we are both proud of and committed to. For share repurchases, today, we also announced our Board has approved a new $1 billion share repurchase authorization, under which we will opportunistically repurchase our stock to deliver returns for our shareholders.
 Combined, our dividend increase and new share repurchase authorization continue our commitment to returning excess cash to our shareholders. In fact, we returned over $3.2 billion to our shareholders over the last 5 years, which is yet another example of how we've consistently delivered. As Laura said, we remain confident in the long-term fundamentals of our business as we look beyond 2023.
 Our long-term growth algorithm will continue to drive mid- to high single-digit top line growth, with operating margins exceeding a floor of 15%. As the world's largest digital-first, design-led sustainable home retailer, we're confident we'll continue to outperform our peers and deliver profitable growth for these reasons. Our ability to gain market share in the fractured home furnishings industry, the strength of our in-house proprietary design, the competitive advantage of our digital first but not digital-only channel strategy, the strength of our growth initiatives, our ability to control costs, the durability of our profitability and the resiliency of our fortress balance sheet.  
 With that, I'll open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Anthony Chukumba with Loop Capital Markets. 
Anthony Chukumba: So my question is on the divergence between, I guess, the Pottery Barn brands and the West Elm comps because even on a 2-year stack basis, Pottery Barn in particular really outperformed West Elm and you said that West Elm was impacted by the macro. I guess I'm just trying to understand why West Elm was much more impacted by the macro than Pottery Barn was in the fourth quarter? 
 Hello, can you hear me? 
Laura Alber: [Indiscernible] hear me? 
Anthony Chukumba: Sorry, did you guys not get my question? 
Laura Alber: Yes, sorry, I'm answering it. Can you hear me? 
Anthony Chukumba: Okay. I can hear you now. Sorry, I couldn't hear you before. 
Laura Alber: Okay. No problem. I was saying that the stack on the 2 compares. Actually, West Elm stack is a little greater than the Pottery Barn stack. That being said, Pottery Barn has a wider range of products than West Elm does, and they had a very, very successful seasonal assortment. So that was one area of variation. But also, there are some nuances in the psychographic and demographic of the West Elm customer. And we keep looking at all of this customer data to understand it because any change creates opportunity for us. And we keep looking at how do we better position ourselves for this inflection point where consumers are more uncertain.  
 And there's not a lot of great things to hang on to in terms of the demos themselves other than income. The income levels of the consumers seem to really matter in terms of what they're buying. And then also, of course, the new mover section of our business is very different than it was a year ago, of course, when housing was much more robust. And so that has an outsized impact. As we look at the future, the same fundamentals exist as have existed for the opportunity for West Elm.
 And we're very excited about our new leader who is coming, who I mentioned in my prepared remarks, her experience and her strong leadership. And we also know that we've seen cycles before where you get some retraction and you come out stronger on the other side. And the design value equation that West Elm has is really hard to compete with anywhere else, that coupled with their omni experience in store and the very fresh and exciting stores.  
 And the reality is we've got our head down. We're working on our initiatives, and we're also working on making sure that we're positioning our marketing to be as relevant now as it was in the pandemic. And things have shifted. I just think it's important that we remember that at this time last year, we were not dealing with the high interest rates, we were not seeing the wave of layoffs and we didn't have the events of last week, which are now weighing heavily on the customer.
 And even though there are, Anthony, there's many negatives out there, honestly, this creates opportunity. It creates opportunity for West Elm and all of our brands; opportunity to reduce cost, be more efficient and leapfrog our peers on service. It also gives us the opportunity to take market share as weaker peers struggle. And as I said, our opportunity to come out stronger than anyone else and drive profitable growth. 
Anthony Chukumba: Got it. Very helpful. And then just one real quick follow-up. B2B sales continue to grow like a weed. Would love just your thoughts in terms of expectation for B2B sales growth in 2023? 
Jeff Howie: Good morning, Anthony. B2B is one of our most exciting growth initiatives, as you know, and we finished this year just shy of $1 billion, growing 27% in the 1 year and 166% on a 2-year. In terms of where we see next year, it should continue to be accretive to our comps, probably in the neighborhood of about 100 basis points to our comps in '23. There's some really exciting things going on in B2B.
 And as you know, we're not always at liberty to talk about our clients. But in Q4, we saw some notable wins we can talk about. In office space, we outfitted Carl's Jr.'s corporate office. And unfortunately, there was no free food, that was not part of the deal. We also outfitted Google's midpoint office. In stadium space, we furnished the Golden Guardians' esports facility in Los Angeles. And in the hotel space, we saw a large number of hotel projects complete with Marriott SpringHill.  
 Now one thing to remember with B2B is there's 2 customer groups, trade and contract. While trade is more volume, contract is a source of growth. Trade maybe more sense of the B2C trends, but contract continues to drive the growth in B2B. We're not seeing a slowdown in the commercial side as there's a backlog of projects coming out of the pandemic, and we have a steady pipeline of RFPs we've gone out of. In fact, Q4 was the largest quarter of contract to date. The key point here is B2B continues to be a winning strategy for us, and we continue to capture market share in the $80 billion fragmented B2B market. It leverages our portfolio of brands, in-house design and global sourcing capabilities and our digital first but not digital-only strategy means that we can service the B2B customer in multiple ways. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Maks Rakhlenko with TD Cowen. 
Maksim Rakhlenko: So first, can you walk us through the scenarios and market dynamics that get you to both the low end versus the high end of both the comps as well as EBIT margin guidance for '23? And how should we think about the strong comp guide versus demand running down mid-singles in 4Q, including softer January? 
Jeff Howie: Maks, well, here's what we're seeing as we anticipate continued choppiness in demand and ongoing macroeconomic uncertainty. Certainly, the events of the past week don't help. And all of this is reflected in our guidance, which contemplates a wide range of outcomes. As we said in our prepared remarks, the first half of the year will be materially tougher. On the top line, our year-over-year demand comps and last year's high back order fill, coupled with the declining macro, is likely going to yield negative comps, as we will see our toughest headwinds on the top line. And we'll also see headwinds on the bottom line as we continue to see gross margin pressure as we did in Q4 from the higher input costs, we've all talked about sitting on our balance sheet and as they amortize in our P&L as well as our ongoing incremental shipping costs to service our customer.
 But here's the back half is a different story. Our top line year-over-year demand comparisons get easier, especially as we started to see demand decelerate after Labor Day last year. And as we've mentioned before, our gross margin headwinds become tailwinds in the back half. So here's the key point I'd like to make. We're uniquely positioned to take market share in any environment. Our key differentiators and growth initiatives position to take -- positions us to take market share in any environment. And our fortress balance sheet enables us to withstand pressures that many of our competitors will not. 
Maksim Rakhlenko: Got it. That's very helpful. And then -- so both your 2023 as well as your long-term EBIT margin outlooks lock in a significant step-up from 2019 levels. Can you walk us through the factors that give you confidence that this is achievable as well as the embedded expectations of meaningfully lower promotions? 
Jeff Howie: Sure. Look, we've expanded our op margin by almost 900 basis points since 2019 as a result of our growth initiatives, our channel strategy and our cost discipline. In the near term, as we've guided and I just talked about, we have some short-term cost pressures that will be a headwind through the first half of '23, but then become a significant tailwind in the back half of '23 and into '24 that gives us confidence in the sustainability of our margins.
 As we look beyond '23 and the current macroeconomic uncertainty, we remain confident in the long-term fundamentals of our business. Our growth algorithm will continue to drive mid- to high single-digit top line growth, which -- with operating margins exceeding a floor of 15%.  We see 6 key drivers underpinning this 15% operating margin floor. First is our supply chain efficiency. But again I have been talking to, our first half headwinds will become tailwinds that will sustain our gross margin over the long term.  
 Second is our ad cost optimization. Our in-house model with first-party data and our own hands on the keyboard allows us to continue to optimize ad spend. Second is our -- third is our pricing power. Our in-house design, proprietary products, demand a higher price point in the market and enable us to forgo site-wide promotions. And I'll mention that we remain committed foregoing site-wide promotions as an ongoing basis.
 Fourth, our cost and inventory reductions. Our results speak to our financial discipline and cost controls. Next is our e-commerce sales mix where we continue to drive growth in the higher contribution channel of the e-commerce. And finally is our retail optimization strategy, which we've spoken to, where we're targeting fewer and more profitable stores. The key point here is our operating margin is sustainable at 15% and could even go higher with more leverage from higher revenues. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Oliver Wintermantel with Evercore. 
Oliver Wintermantel: You mentioned the soft January, but now we are already 1.5 months into the first quarter. So you pretty good outlook for the quarter. How did the first quarter performed so far? You said it's -- the first half is meaningfully lower than the second half, but maybe some details on how the quarter started would be helpful? 
Jeff Howie: Oli, so our recent performance continues to be choppy and inconsistent much like it was in Q4, and the macro environment is not helping, especially with the events in the past week. All of this is reflected in our guidance, which contemplates a wide range of outcomes. Here's the thing we know. Our 3 key differentiators uniquely position us to capitalize on opportunities to take market share in any environment. So for us, it's not so much about the macro. It's about what we can do to take market share and drive profitable growth in our business. 
Oliver Wintermantel: Got it. And as a follow-up, you've done a really good job in the cost-cutting areas. How sustainable is that longer term? And what comp would you have to achieve to leverage SG&A? 
Jeff Howie: Thank you. Yes, we've been very successful in managing our SG&A. I think it speaks to our operating model and our commitment to financial discipline and cost controls. We believe we can sustain our SG&A and continue to perform and manage those costs effectively. And our leverage comes from a mix of employment and ad costs. The majority of our employment is in our stores, distribution centers and call centers. So we have the ability to flex the sales. And our advertising leverage reflects the agile performance-driven proficiency of our in-house capabilities. which, again, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, I think is an underappreciated competitive advantage.
 So our SG&A leverage shows the flexibility of our operating model, our commitment to financial discipline, and our ability to control costs in any environment, which we're confident we can continue to do so in the future. 
Laura Alber: Let me just add to that. We've been here for a while, Jeff and I, and through the pandemic and also the 2008 recession and with many levers we can pull, as he said, we certainly don't want to be in this situation, but we're one of the best positioned companies to weather any storm and come out stronger, and we've proven this time and time again.  
 First and foremost, we have a tenured management team who's been through it before. They know how to navigate this better than most. You know about our strong balance sheet that puts us in a much better situation than most. And then we are not waiting to see a full-blown recession. We are cost-cutting aggressively as we speak and pulling the levers that we have to set us up for more efficient operations, which, by the way, drives better service.
 So as Jeff mentioned, our supply chain costs have been under tremendous pressure and will continue to be because of the higher inbound and transportation costs of last year. And we do continue to incur additional costs resulting from servicing our customers, but these costs will come down, and they will serve as large tailwinds.  Our service has improved. We've normalized service. We've normalized back orders, but it is not where we want it to be. Our standard is much higher. It's a level we've never seen before.
 And we've been investing in our supply chain so we can reach that level, and that will yield a lot of improvements in margin for us. Also, remember, inflation affects vendor costs. And we have been seeing higher costs across the board from our vendors and suppliers from higher raw material costs, higher labor costs, higher fuel. But the reality is it's changing. And we are starting to mitigate these expenses and seeing the costs come down from our vendors. And then also, we mentioned our channels and how -- what our competitive advantages is. I mean you see people with large e-commerce businesses, but now stores. You see people who have enormous stores, but they really don't invest much in e-commerce. And we know that the multichannel shopper shops more and it's the experience they're looking for us, they can research online and go sit in the sofa in the store.
 And as I said earlier, we're expanding what we do in these stores and using them differently. And this is a big advantage for us. We're actually able to better turn our inventory because we can ship it from the store and people can pick it up in store. And we've also been, as we said, looking at our ad costs and looking at how we can ramp down with immediacy. And we're able to do this because, as Jeff said, we have first-party data, we have hands on keyboards, and we are constantly investing in tech that helps us improve our ad costs.
 On labor, it's important to note that we, unlike others, have been extremely cautious on backfilling positions when people leave. We did this in Q3 and Q4, and that has positioned us well in regard to labor cuts. However, we have restructured and rationalized some of our organizations to drive more efficiency because of the uncertain macro environment. And we know that this gives us a little head space as we go through the year and see -- if we see continued choppiness through the first half. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Cristina Fernndez with the Tesley Advisory Group. 
Cristina Fernandez: I had a question on demand. I wanted to see if you could provide some color on what -- I guess, what is the consumer responding to what is doing better and what is worse? And I was particularly interested in categories like furniture which is just the core. I know furniture has been very strong over the past couple of years, but how does that typically perform in an environment of lower existing home sales and home price depreciation? 
Laura Alber: Sure. It's so early in the year to make any conclusions, and high ticket is very mixed from espresso machines to high end selling really well and then some softness in furniture. So I don't want to go too far into reading into this for the year because we see these things move around all the time. I mean the good news is that with our portfolio of brands that serve both life stage and price points and aesthetics and scale, we have more durability than others who may not have that exciting Easter assortment that brings people into their stores or a baby assortment on gear. 
 The trends on registry continue to be very strong. And as I said, seasonal -- people are still going to celebrate the holidays and they're still going to give gifts. And I think there's really not a lot of people set up better from a gift-giving perspective than Williams-Sonoma brands. On the -- I know housing's top of mind for all of us and especially the people on this call know that home sales have decreased 37%, but home values have increased 40%. 
 And for most of our customers, home is their greatest asset. People love their homes. They learned how to cook in the pandemic. And now as they continue to cut back spending elsewhere, they realize that going out to dinner is really expensive. So the dinner party is back in full force, and it's an area that we're really focusing on. The other dynamic just to remind everybody is, if you can't move, what do you do? Eventually, you remodel. 
 When you remodel, you buy new furniture. So those are some of the things that we are able to because of our portfolio of brands, think about market to and build as we look at what we think is another inflection point with our consumer. 
Cristina Fernandez: That's helpful. And then the second question I had, more probably for Jeff. But in the 2023 outlook, just thinking about the gross margin versus SG&A how to get to the decline for the year. It looks like you're controlling costs. So should we expect most of the decline to be due to the gross margin and those headwinds you mentioned in the first half? Or would it be a combination of deleveraging both? 
Jeff Howie: Thank you, Cristina. I'm glad you brought that up. So we don't guide to specific line items as I think everyone knows. But I will say, as I said in my prepared remarks, our pressure will be on the gross margin line. And especially in the first half, as the capitalized cost of all the higher ocean freight and product cost, detention and demurrage continue to amortize into our P&L. Those will become a tailwind in the back half of '23 and into '24. So that's where we'll see the pressure from a P&L standpoint in '23.
 From an SG&A standpoint, as we've said, we continue to believe that we -- our financial discipline and cost control will allow us to continue to manage that line effectively. So we're not going to guide the specifics, but I think that will give you a flavor of how we're thinking about it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marni Shapiro with Retail Tracker. 
Jeff Howie: Hello, Marni, good morning. 
Marni Shapiro: I'm here. Hello? Hello? Hello? 
Jeff Howie: Yes, we can hear you. 
Marni Shapiro: Okay. I don't know why it's not connecting nicely, but congrats on actually making it through what's been a very tough environment for you guys. Laura, I just wanted to focus a little bit big picture and step away from the housing market interest rates and banks for the moment. You've had some really good collaborations, most recently LoveShackFancy.
 Could you talk a little bit, I guess, bigger picture about these collaborations? Are they bringing in new customers? Are they driving traffic to the stores? And then I wanted to follow up on a comment you said about stores that you're one of the few that actually people could come in and sit down on couches and I witness this on a regular basis. 
 So can you talk a little bit about what you're thinking about the stores going forward, I guess, more in the sense of servicing these stores? It seems to me from spending a lot of time on new stores that people come in kind of prepared to buy as opposed to browsing, they've done their work online and they just want to now sit in the couch or touch the sheets or see how that kitchen -- the dining chair feels. So how has that changed kind of the staffing and how you approach sales and the store model? 
Laura Alber: Thank you, Marni. So let's begin with collaboration. It's interesting. As much as we have our own in-house design team, we know that there are so many incredible designers out in the world doing adjacent things, sometimes in different categories. And our Kids -- our Children's business actually taught us the importance of collaborations as we recognize that children love Star Wars and Harry Potter and all those things and to not give them that when they're young seems like a little miss. So we had for years been working on all of those kids collaborations and then started to bring in other collaborations in our adult brands.
 And we've seen success, things that are sort of historic designs like William Morris has been phenomenal for us and then turning to a trending design group, LoveShackFancy, that is the hottest thing for young women now and bringing that to betting for children has been better than we even expected. And we thought it would be good, and it really is dynamite. 
 Chef collaborations are another category that you don't want to forget about how important the Chef community is to us and it's mutually symbiotic. And we are not -- we work with Chef to not just have them talk about our products but also to develop products because oftentimes who knows better than what the best pan would be than a chef. And you've seen all these chefs that have come in, and we've done exclusive collaborations with -- in our brands. So this does have the impact of driving sales, but also bringing new customers in because sometimes these collaborators have a very different set of consumers that don't know our brands.
 And so that helps us bring in new people and these people are very, very loyal to these collaborators. Julia B in Pottery Barn is a really good example of that. So we're going to continue to feed that pipeline. We have some very exciting competitive confidential ones coming up this year. That's great.
 And then in terms of storage, we operate world-class retail business. And as I said earlier, our stores, they're not flagships. They're billboards for our brand and they're profit centers, and they're beautifully designed and curated with aspirational assortments. And we believe -- we continue to believe that these serve as competitive advantages. This is possible because we invest in them. We keep them relevant and attractive with fresh new store formats, but we do it through testing.
 We don't just change everything at once. You might have seen a couple of years back, we put together a new Williams-Sonoma. And we tested it right in our backyard here in Corte Madera, and we were thrilled with it. And that format is really outperforming. And so as things come up for renewal, we are carefully making the investment to freshen up those stores. And it doesn't -- it means that we're able to do more in the same or less space.
 And so you're right that people come in prepared to buy. We're destinations. We like to have parking because we want to make it comfortable. But when you come in and you prepare it to buy, you also might come in and be inspired to buy something you don't need. And that is why we think that our mix of furniture, but also decorative accessories and dinnerware and tabletop and all those other things that we sell in Williams-Sonoma food create more visits to stores than some of the traditional home furnishings and furniture-based retailers. 
Marni Shapiro: That's very helpful. And can I follow up also just on the B2B because you guys have seen really extraordinary growth. And I think you mentioned that there's still a backlog due to COVID, people are rethinking, I guess, the way their offices are just -- some of them are downsizing and moving, which necessitates the same renovation. Do you -- are you growing this team? Or are you still able to keep it really kind of small and nimble at this point? 
Jeff Howie: Fortunately, what B2B does is it leverages all of the resources we have as a company, our in-house design team, our global sourcing organization, our supply chain team as well as our merchandising and inventory team. So we're able to keep this team pretty tight. There is a dedicated team that works with the contract space and customer service to make sure the larger orders are taken care of.
 But overall, we're able to really leverage our existing resources without much incremental investment to drive the B2B business. It's really more about what we have as our advantages in terms of our portfolio of brands, our in-house design, our global sourcing organic capability and then our digital first but not digital-only channel strategy means we can service the customer in multiple ways.
 So for us, it continues to be a winning strategy, and we continue to capture market share in a fragmented marketplace. 
Operator: At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to the company for closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: Yes. Thank you all for joining us and look forward to talking to you next time. Goodbye. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-17 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] 
 I would now like to turn the call over to Jeremy Brooks, Chief Accounting Officer and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Jeremy Brooks: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our third quarter earnings call. I'd like to remind you that during the call, we will make forward-looking statements with respect to future events and financial performance, including guidance for fiscal '22. 
 We believe these statements reflect our best estimates. However, we cannot make any assurances that these statements will materialize, and actual results may differ significantly from our expectations. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any of these statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after today's call.  
 Additionally, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. These measures should not be considered replacements for and should be read together with our GAAP results. A reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure appears on exhibit one to the press release we issued earlier today. The call should also be considered in conjunction with our filings with the SEC.  
 Finally, a replay will be available on our Investor Relations website.  
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer. 
Laura Alber: Thank you, Jeremy, and good afternoon, everyone. We are proud of another strong quarter, generating an 8.1% comp or 25% on a 2-year basis and 50% comp growth on a 3-year basis, with record EPS growth of 12% over last year to $3.72 per share. These results reflect the continuation of backlog order fulfillment, strong product margins and disciplined cost control.  
 Demand comps for the quarter were slightly negative. This continued outperformance reflects the unique strength of our multi-brand portfolio, our growth initiatives and ongoing execution of our talented team. Since we last spoke, the macro backdrop has become more uncertain. However, what has not changed is the large and fragmented space in which we operate, where no one player owns significant market share.  
 We believe we have an ability to capture more of this market in any environment. We have and will continue to deliver results, leveraging our key differentiators, our in-house design, our digital first but not digital-only capabilities and our value. These competitive advantages in combination with our growth strategies give us many opportunities for the future. As we talked about before, one of our largest is B2B, which had another excellent quarter, driving over $30 million in demand, a 17% increase to last year. 
 We continue to believe our B2B business presents a sizable growth driver for us as it disrupts an underserved estimated $80 billion total addressable market. B2B is building velocity with large and repeat projects from commercial and hospitality partners like Marriott and Hilton. We are also focused on diversifying into new industry verticals, including the healthcare space through multiproperty partnerships with national accounts. In September, we successfully launched our improved corporate gifting and custom merchandise services, and we are encouraged by the early success leading into the holiday season.  
 A key B2B customer of ours for over 3 years now in Starbucks. We are thrilled to publicly announce that our team was able to assist Starbucks with the build-out of the gorgeous 3-story flagship reserve store in the Empire State Building. In addition to incorporating furniture from Brooklyn-based West Elm, our B2B team had the opportunity to work with Starbucks to create custom furniture solutions to meet their unique needs. We look forward to growing our existing relationship with Starbucks.  
 And now I'd like to talk about our global business where we continue to expand in key markets and grow our multichannel presence. In Q3, we saw strength in both franchise and company-owned. In the franchise business, we believe that one of our biggest opportunities is in India. And after launching our website earlier this year, we opened our first Pottery Barn store in New Delhi, joining our West Elm stores in New Delhi and Mumbai. We plan to continue to focus on in India and in early 2023, will be adding stores across our brands and continuing to improve our online experience with our great partner, the Reliance Group. In our company-owned business, I want to highlight Canada where we successfully relaunched our website this year across all the brands, driving order fulfillment and improved omni experience. Another important initiative is sustainability for which we continue to be recognized for our impact initiatives and ESG leadership across the home furnishing industry. In Q3, we were named a top score on sustainable furnishings counsel wood furniture scorecard for the fifth consecutive year, and West Elm received the Ford Stewardship Council Leadership Award for its use of FSC certified wood.  
 We recognize there is much more work to do in this space, and we are committed to continuing to be a leader in planet, people and purpose. One of our sustainability initiatives is our goal to plant 6 million trees across our family of brands in partnership with the Arbor Day Foundation. We are excited to report that we have planted over 2 million trees to date.  
 Now let's turn to the performance of our brands. Pottery Barn delivered yet another very strong quarter with a 19.6% comp or 35.5% on a 2-year stack and almost 60% on a 3-year stack. Pottery Barn continues to perform, offering exclusive high-quality inspirational products and strategic growth areas like apartment, marketplace and bath reno are driving results.  
 We're particularly proud of our accessible home collection, which launched in late July and has quickly scaled. West Elm delivered a 4.2% comp in the third quarter or 26.6% on a 2-year stack and 48.4% on a 3-year basis. During the quarter, we improved our in-stock inventory position, and we expect to continue to make improvements in our service levels into Q4 and next year. We are also very focused on improving our e-commerce experience and customer-facing conversion-driving initiatives.  
 I've had the opportunity to spend a lot of time with West Elm this quarter, and I am very impressed with the talented and passionate team running the brand. Our greatest opportunity at West Elm is doubling down on what has made this brand great, our commitment to design innovation and value price points.  
 Now I'd like to update you on the Pottery Barn children's home furnishings business, which ran a negative 4.8% comp in Q3 but a positive 12.1% on a 2-year basis and a positive 35.9% on a 3-year basis. We continue to see ongoing recovery in our in-stocks. And looking to the future, we have a strong pipeline of products at compelling values. The Williams-Sonoma brand ran a negative 1.5% comp in Q3, but a positive 6.1% on a 2-year and a positive 36.5% on a 3-year basis.  
 We continue to see that people are hosting and entertaining at home. And as such, we saw strength in entertaining areas. In Q3, we successfully kicked off the holiday season with our exclusive collaboration with celebrity chefs and author, Ina Garten. As part of this collaboration, Ina shared Thanksgiving tips for cooking and hosting the ultimate Thanksgiving dinner party. We also announced the exciting launch of a collaboration with renowned British heritage textile brand, William Morrison Company. Williams-Sonoma Home delivered another double-digit comp in Q3. We continue to see this business as an opportunity to deliver outsized growth by picking up market share from the limited luxury high-end home market. We're excited to launch an expanded furnishing line for the kitchen in Q4. As we look to the holiday season, we are prepared to meet the needs of our gift giving customers with compelling product offerings. 
 Our stores are a competitive advantage, and they are stocked and our associates are ready to serve our customers. And finally, our emerging brands, including Rejuv and Mark and Graham, together, they ran a 7.8% comp this quarter. At Rejuvenation, we saw success in remodel categories related to kitchen and bathroom, including vanities, cabinet hardware and wall widening. And at Mark and Graham, wins were from the travel category, including luggage and travel accessories. We are proud of our third quarter results. but we are also aware that economic uncertainty is on the minds of consumers and investors alike.  
 During the third quarter, we experienced deceleration and choppiness in our demand, and it is hard to know where the economy is going or how long the uncertainty will last. Nonetheless, we are controlling what we can control and looking at opportunities to reduce costs without an impact to the customer experience. In fact, we believe that protecting service and innovation is key to outperforming our peers. 
 As it relates to pricing, we continue to be committed to not running site-wide promotions as we did before the pandemic, but we will continue to mark down and clear overstocks. We are working with our vendors to reduce costs and pass on that value strategically to our customers. As for additional expenses, out of market and redundant shipping expenses and transportation costs have negatively impacted our gross margin. We continue to focus on these pressures and mitigation of these costs will be a significant benefit for us in the future, particularly in the second half of next year.  
 In summary, we are conscious that the home furnishings market may contract due to macro factors. If this happens, we believe we are uniquely positioned to take market share even if there is a downturn, and here's why. We built a company of loved brands with a shared platform of competitive differentiators that leads the industry, in-house design, digital first but not digital-only platform and our value. We have identified opportunities for growth through strategic initiatives like B2B, global end marketplace where we have the opportunity to disrupt. And finally, we have a culture of innovation and an experienced team who knows how to increase operational efficiencies and control costs while protecting service and driving new growth opportunities. 
 Now I will turn it over to Jeff to walk you through the results in more detail in his first earnings call as CFO. 
Jeff Howie: Thank you, Laura, and hello, everyone. I am so pleased to join you today for my first earnings call in my new role as Chief Financial Officer. While I'm relatively new to this particular role, I'm a 20-year member of the Williams-Sonoma leadership team. I come into this role with deep knowledge and experience across our brands, operations and financials. I look forward to applying my breadth and depth of experience to drive continued strong results. 
 Diving into our third quarter results. We delivered another quarter of record revenues and earnings in a challenging environment. Our top line results illustrate our ability to gain market share. Our bottom line results demonstrate the power of our operating model to sustain merchandise margins and control SG&A expenses.  
 Net revenues grew to $2.2 billion, with comparable brand revenue growth at 8.1% for a 2-year comp of 25% and a 3-year comp of almost 50%. Our revenue growth was driven by strong order fulfillment, ongoing momentum in our growth initiatives and our continued ability to take market share, even as we experienced inconsistent demand within our portfolio of brands and across the quarter. Both channels continued to experience strong growth, with retail at a 16.9% comp and e-commerce at a 4.4% comp.  
 Moving down the income statement. Gross margin was 41.5%, 220 basis points below last year and in line with our expectations. We sustained strong merchandise margins that were flat year-over-year. We remain committed to our decision to no longer offer site-wide promotions and preserve the pricing integrity our proprietary, differentiated product commands. 
 The strength of these merchandise margins is particularly impressive given we absorbed significant cost increases from our vendors and ocean carriers, including higher demurrage and detention charges. As expected, the gross margin decline was driven by higher outbound shipping costs. This is due to our increased furniture mix, higher back order fulfillment and incremental freight costs. We also incurred higher costs to best serve our customers by shipping from out-of-market distribution centers and in some cases, shipping multiple times for multiunit orders, which typically would have been fulfilled in a single shipment.  
 Occupancy costs at 9.2% of net revenues were 30 basis points above last year, with occupancy dollars increasing 10.5% to approximately $202 million. Our ongoing retail store optimization initiative partially offset incremental costs from our new distribution centers on both the East and West Coast. These new distribution centers will support our long-term growth, improve service time for our customers and drive cost efficiencies over time. 
 Our SG&A rate continues to be at historic lows at 26%, leveraging 150 basis points over last year, driven by advertising and employment leverage. Our advertising leverage reflects the agile, performance-driven proficiency of our marketing team, our in-house capabilities, first-party data and multi-brand platform allow us to test, learn and scale, which is a unique competitive advantage.  
 Our SG&A leverage also reflects our culture of financial discipline, where we consistently challenge all expenses for return on investment and drive operational efficiency throughout the company. On the bottom line, we delivered another record quarter of earnings. Q3 operating income grew 2% to $340 million, and we delivered strong operating margin at 15.5%, only 80 basis points below last year despite significant headwinds and cost pressures. Our diluted earnings per share of $3.72, was up 12% from last year's record third quarter earnings per share of $3.32.  
 On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with a cash balance of $113 million, with no debt outstanding and year-to-date operating cash flow of $588 million. That enabled us to fund the operations of the business and expand our capital investments to support our long-term growth. In addition, year-to-date, we have returned excess cash of over $1 billion to shareholders through $165 million in dividends and $840 million in share repurchases.  
 These decisions reflect our commitment to maximizing returns for our shareholders. And with our strong and disciplined balance sheet, combined with our expected free cash flow, we have flexibility to continue to invest in the growth of the business and opportunistically invest in our own stock and drive long-term shareholder returns.  
 Moving down the balance sheet. Merchandise inventories, which include in transit, were $1.688 billion, increasing 33% over our reduced level of last year. Inventory on hand increased 34% over last year, but was up only 11% to 2019 versus sales up 52% over the same time. In the quarter, back order levels decreased but remained well above historical levels. We are working hard to get these goods in to fulfill our customer orders but continue to anticipate our backorder levels will remain elevated in the first half of '23. 
 Summarizing our Q3 results, we are proud to have delivered another quarter of record revenues and earnings. I would like to thank all our associates for their hard work and dedication in driving these great results. Now turning to our expectations for the remainder of the year and beyond. We acknowledge that the near-term macroeconomic picture remains uncertain, with conflicting economic signals surrounding consumer spending trends, decade high inflation and Federal Reserve monetary policy, intentionally moderating economic demand.  
 Additionally, our trends have been increasingly inconsistent and less predictable. This combination of conflicting economic signals and inconsistent trends makes our guidance unusually difficult to predict. However, we remain confident in our ability to operate in any environment, and are, therefore, reiterating our fiscal year '22 guidance of mid- to high single-digit revenue growth with operating margins relatively in line with fiscal year '21.  
 Our outlook is grounded in 3 factors. First, we are currently in the early stages of our upcoming holiday seasonal rent with the biggest weeks yet to come. Second, our Q3 quarter demand trends support a wide range of outcomes. And third, the ongoing improvement we see in fulfillment of our customer order backlog. From a profitability perspective, as we said in our last call,  we continue to expect cost pressures to persist for the balance of fiscal year '22 and into the first half of '23, primarily across our supply chain. 
 These headwinds include our incremental distribution centers, higher product and freight costs and our efforts to best serve our customers by delivering products as timely as possible. Our capital allocation strategy remains unchanged. In fiscal year '22, we expect capital expenditures will be approximately $350 million. We plan to continue to return excess cash to our shareholders through quarterly dividends and opportunistic share repurchases. 
 While the near term may be uncertain, the current management team has successfully navigated challenging environments before, including the 2008 great financial crisis and the 2020 global pandemic. We know the levers to pull, and we have already taken steps to reduce cost and inventory to mitigate downside risk. 
 Given the increased macro uncertainty, we will not be reiterating or updating our fiscal year '24 guidance at this time. We will be providing guidance for fiscal year '23 and beyond at our next call. We remain confident in the long-term fundamentals of our business. Our confidence remains rooted in our ability to take market share in the fractured home furnishings industry. The strength of our in-house proprietary design, the competitive advantage of our digital first but not digital-only channel strategy, the ongoing strength of our growth initiatives and the resiliency of our fortress balance sheet.  
 And having been here before, we see opportunity to take an offensive stance in a challenging macro environment. In summary, we are very proud of our results. We continue to deliver for our customers, our associates and our shareholders. And now I'd like to open the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Peter Benedict with Baird. 
Peter Benedict: First one is on inventory. Just wanted -- maybe you could give us a little more color, your comfort with the current makeup furniture versus non-furniture. It sounds like you've adjusted some receipts, I guess, in response to the slower -- or the softer macro. But how should we think about the level of inventory that you'd be comfortable operating with? I think you're about 120 day currently. I think you used to run like 100 days pre-COVID. I don't know. Like any benchmark to help us think about as we move through next year, how inventory might look depending on different sales scenarios. That's my first question. 
Laura Alber: Thanks, Peter. I'm going to let Jeff take that one. 
Jeff Howie: Peter, when you think about inventory, I really think it's tough to look at it on a 1-year basis. I know we're up 33%. But if you think about this time last year, we're at our most aggressive inventory levels because if you think back to last year, that's when Southeast Asia was really closed, and we were still seeing the residual impacts of the COVID closures from India and China. So we're at our lowest inventory level at that point. 
 We really like to look at it on a 3-year basis, where our 3-year on-hand inventory is up 12% versus our sales up 52% over the same time period. How we're thinking about it is we're making progress, but there's still a lot more work to do. Our backlog remains at historically high levels, and we're working hard to get our composition right as well as our location of our inventory to service our customer best. We anticipate our inventory levels and our back orders to gradually improve through Q4 and in the first half of '23. 
Peter Benedict: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And then my second question. I know it's an unpredictable environment, but you did -- you have some line of sight here, I think, in terms of the out-of-market shipments and the other items that you said would provide some saving. Any way you can maybe help frame the size of those opportunities as we think about the back half of '23 as those start to come into the P&L? 
Jeff Howie: Thanks, Peter. I think that's a great question, and it's really how we're looking at it. So we have tremendous headwinds right now, particularly on our gross margin from higher product costs, higher inbound ocean costs. And as you mentioned, higher out-of-market costs as well as shipping multiple shipments to the same customer for the same order when we should really be shipping it once. That right now for the Q4 and into the first half of '23 is a headwind, and it will be impacting our margin. But we're pretty optimistic as we look to the back half of '23 and into '24. This is going to be a substantial tailwind and give us a lot of room to sustain our margins. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Shemesh with RBC Capital Markets. 
Steven Shemesh: First one is on the slightly negative demand comp in the quarter. Can you share any additional perspective on how demand trended throughout the quarter and, I guess, where we stand in the first few weeks of November? And then as a follow-up on the backlog. I mean, it seems like the supply chain lead times improved pretty meaningfully throughout the quarter. Just curious if that materially changes your view on when you'll clear the backlog. I know you still said first half '23, but to the extent that's true, just curious why that wouldn't clear sooner. 
Jeff Howie: Steve, let's take your demand question first. So in terms of the cadence across Q3, it was incredibly inconsistent and choppy as we described, and that's both across our portfolio of brands in the quarter. We started the quarter off relatively strong, mid-single-digit comps, as we talked about in the Q2 call. And then we saw it really trail off after Labor Day once the Fed announced our fourth rate hike. And even if you look at it, whether it's 1 year, 2 year or 3 years, it was just inconsistent. One year decelerated across the quarter, 2 year was up and down and 3 year actually accelerated across the quarter. So it's tough to get a read on it, and then we just described it as inconsistent and choppy. But what we're pretty confident about is even in this choppy environment, we continue to take market share.  
 Regarding the backlog, your second question. We still have more work to do, like I mentioned in the previous question. There's a lot of work left to do to deliver to our customers. The backlog remains sizable. And for us, some of the challenges are getting it in the right location and in the right composition so we can complete a multiline order for a customer. So we -- again, we think it's going to take us through Q4 and in the first half to really normalize that level of activity. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cristina Fernandez with Telsey Advisory Group. 
Cristina Fernandez: I wanted to ask also on demand, but a different way. It seems like performance by brand is diverging. I assume that's the same on the demand level. Any insights you have into customer age or income that you see changes in how the different cohorts are responding to your products? 
Laura Alber: Sure. Thanks, Cristina, for the question. So you can clearly see, even by looking at the net comps, how strong Pottery Barn was. They've really been outperforming. The rest of the brands are kind of in a similar range. But remember, you got to look at more than just a 1 year. So when you look at West Elm on a 3-year, it's really, really strong and not as far off as you might think. 
 So in terms of what we see in the demos, it's really -- I'm careful not to draw any big conclusions from it because the data is very sensitive. 
 It looks like the only thing we can see is lower income being more affected. We don't see necessarily an age issue. We just see lower income being more hurt than higher income, which is consistent with what you'd probably expect out there. The good news is, in total, our core customer is pretty affluent. And we also know that a lot of this is just uncertainty because there's really nothing that's happened. They still have a lot of home appreciation, and we have more savings than they did before the pandemic. 
 And so depending on what happens with the macro, this could be short. But if the macro gets worse and wage loss happens and the Fed continues to do what they are tasked to do, which is to stop growth, it could impact those customers more than it even has already. And so that's the reason we've been hesitant to give guidance out into '24. It's not that we're not confident in our business. It's that it's really hard to tell what's going to happen in the macro. If that was even just going to be as it is today, we would predict it. But it's changing so rapidly. And frankly, none of us are economists. 
 But we do know that we have a lot of levers to pull. We have a lot of growth strategies that are working. We talked to you about B2B, marketplace, global. You can see in our brands when you go through them, some really exciting initiatives that are not just interesting, but they're really producing great results, big one being accessible home for Pottery Barn is something that we think we can do across all brands, frankly. 
 So despite what could be an uncertain environment, we see ourselves in a really good place like we were, if it's going to be '08 or if it's even because it's going to be the pandemic, I think people are always worried about what happens. And we tend to come out much better than most. So that's my insight to what's happening out there and how it affects our customer and what our opportunities are. Thanks for the question. 
Cristina Fernandez: And then as a follow-up. If demand were to slow further, can you give some examples of the levers you can pull on the cost side to preserve as much of the operating margin, if you can? 
Laura Alber: Go ahead, Jeff. 
Jeff Howie: Sure, Cristina, we have quite a few levers, particularly on our SG&A line, where advertising, we can definitely adjust as we go. And the nice thing here is we have our own hands on the keyboards with our in-house marketing team who's really agile and performance driven. We also have opportunities on employment, which, of course, leverage with sales with most of our employment in our distribution centers and stores and call centers. And then there's a number of other cost efficiencies we can drive throughout our operations to continue to leverage our SG&A to help our operating margin. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adrienne Yih with Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: I'm sorry if I missed this, but could you -- Jeff, could you just give me the digital penetration or growth where we're sitting at kind of for the quarter? And then, Laura, I really wanted to congratulate you on the Starbucks, that win. If you can talk about -- I know that they're undergoing a sort of massive renovation, refresh of their entire store fleet. So I'm wondering where you think you can go from here having done that flagship? 
 And then also for you, Laura, is India. As you look internationally, you're opening stores, company-owned stores in Canada. Are there any other markets in which you would contemplate owning your stores from a company-owned perspective versus franchising them? 
Laura Alber: Okay. Let me go backwards, forwards. So India. We just -- Jeff and I actually had a chance to go over the ourselves and see our stores. And at the time, West Elm were the only stores open. I'd tell you, they're as good as any store here in the United States. And our partners, the Reliance Group, are so good at digital and their marketing campaigns and the collaborators that we're working with. 
 And we just walked away saying, we got to really spend more time than we even think on this because this is a market where it's enormous middle-class growing and a real penchant for high-quality design and goods. There's not much out there, so we're the first person out there with a full lifestyle suite of stuff. It reminds me of we first started Pottery Barn and brought furniture into our stores in the '90s. It's that big of an opportunity. So we're thrilled that we have a great partner. 
 When you have a great partner in some of these very far away, more difficult to do business places, that's the way to go, in my opinion. I mean, Canada is a lot easier than India or in the Middle East, you have to have a partner. But at this point, there's nobody else that we're -- there's nowhere else that we're intending to open company-owned stores. There is an opportunity to do DTC Europe eventually when it's the right time to do that. This would not be the right time, in my opinion, to do that, but we could do that out of DTC -- DC and our platform that we have set up in the U.K. 
 Okay. Starbucks. We're thrilled we finally can talk about this. We've been working closely with them for 3 years. We've been doing a lot with them. And what I can say that I think they're going to be okay with me saying is that they're great partners, and they've been very creative with us to allow us to do some designs for them to their specs, for their stores. And we've really built this partnership up. And I don't know if you've been to that flagship, I just got the pictures, it is spectacular. And so that's one of many that we've done. 
 You'll start to notice and see us popping up, but I can't give you any sort of road map of scale on the Starbucks other than to say, it's one of the many great opportunities that we have. And we continue to really believe that B2B is going to be bigger than anyone expects. And then I'll pass it over to Jeff for digital growth. 
Jeff Howie: Sure. Adrienne, we're proud of both of our channels, and they both really did a great job this past quarter and delivered strong results. Retail was up 15.9%. And to get to your question, B2C delivered a 4.4% comp and was sequentially in line with our Q2 results coming about 65% of the total. Long term, we continue to see e-comm growing to 70% of revenues but both channels remain part of our digital first but not digital-only channel strategy, and we're happy to serve the customer in every channel they want to shop in. 
Laura Alber: I'll just also add, Adrienne, that when you really think about last year, Thanksgiving to Christmas, this is the time when, unfortunately, for a lot of people, Thanksgiving or Christmas or both or Hanukkah got canceled, get togethers got canceled because of COVID. And so it wasn't the full open that it is now. 
 We actually -- or I actually believe that retail is going to be the big winner of this holiday season. I think you can see people are out and about. And we're really stocked and ready to go. We are staffed. We have the goods in the stores already, and we put them there earlier so we can capture the sales. 
 And honestly, we also have something we never had before pre-pandemic, which is our omni services. So of course, BOPIS is a thing everybody does. Shipping from store is not a thing that everybody does, but we have learned to get quite good at it. And then also shipping to the store is something we do. And we have just enabled, which I am quite excited about, shipping to any store in the company. So for example, if you buy online, PB Kids, but there's no PB Kids next to you, you can ship it to your local Williams-Sonoma store and you go pick it up. 
 And we did this when we worked on dorm. And our dorm strategy this summer, we saw great results. And so I think this is going to be something that continues to build, not just because we don't have stores in every market, but because also it's a convenience play as people are back in the office more and also some people don't want to have to wait at home or UPS won't deliver to their ZIP code for that reason. 
 This is a way to get around having to be there and wait for it to arrive at your porch. So this is yet another example of how we're taking omni, and it optimizes the retail inventory. So for example, if I'm wrong and retail isn't as good as I think it's going to be, this inventory can be shipped against DTC orders, which I think is a really exciting advantage that we have that particularly stores or brands that don't have retail don't have the opportunity to achieve. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Chukumba with Loop Capital. 
Anthony Chukumba: So just 2 real quick ones. First off, super exciting about Starbucks. I know in the past, you said that you expected B2B sales to be about $1 billion this year, and I was just wondering if -- I just noticed you hadn't commented on that, so I'm just wondering if that's still the right way to think about it.  
 And then my second question is just kind of what you're seeing from -- in terms of the competitive environment. I mean, obviously, you're sticking with getting rid of site-wide promotions. I 100% agree with that. But just I was wondering if you're seeing your competitors get any more promotional. 
Laura Alber: Jeff, do you want to go ahead with B2B? 
Jeff Howie: Sure. We see our track on B2B just continuing to propel forward, and we are on track to hit the $1 billion this year. The demand pipeline through our projects and our major partners continues to be strong, and we're very confident in our ability to get there. 
 And from a long-term standpoint, it is such a fractured market, total addressable market, $80 billion. And we think we have a really compelling proposition with our portfolio of brands, our in-house design, our global sourcing capabilities to really capture this. And we're seeing a lot of promising signs out there in terms of pent-up demand for renovations in hotels and restaurants. And we think it's quite a great opportunity for us. 
Laura Alber: Jeff, why don't you take the second piece of the question? 
Jeff Howie: Could you repeat your second question, Anthony? 
Anthony Chukumba: What you're seeing in terms of the competitive environment, particularly around promotions. 
Jeff Howie: We're seeing -- we're definitely seeing more promotions in the environment as the economy softens. I think a lot of retailers have been thinking -- have been talking about that this week. Our approach has been very consistent in terms of the level of promotions that we've been doing. 
 And plus, I want to reiterate that we remain committed to not offering site-wide promotions in our brands, and we will do whatever it takes to continue to not do that. We think that our in-house design proprietary product really resonates with the customer because of its differentiation and commands its own pricing power, and we're seeing that in our results. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Max Rakhlenko with Cowen. 
Maksim Rakhlenko: So first, on the gross margin pressure, how would you quantify the various headwinds, just putting them into different buckets? And then how should we think about that pressure in 4Q? And just any color on puts and takes into the quarter there. 
Laura Alber: Thanks, Max. I'm giving that to Jeff, too. 
Jeff Howie: All right. Thanks, Max. I think all of them are heavy pressures on our gross margin, as we've been communicating. There's the product costs, which have been with us all year as part of inflation. There's the ocean costs, which, although we see ocean costs overall coming down, we still have the cost in our balance sheet and need to sell through that higher cost inventory. 
 Our shipping costs domestically have been high, as we talked about because of out of market and shipping multiple times a customer. As I said in the answer to the first question, we still have quite a bit of work to do to get our inventory in the right composition as well as the right location to properly service our customer and work on this backlog we have. 
 So we think it will be -- continue to be a headwind for Q4 and into the first half of '23. The thing I'm really optimistic about is when we turn the corner, when we start to look at the back half of '23 and into '24, it's going to be a tremendous tailwind. And I'm optimistic that we can really sustain our margins when I think about all the cost pressures we've been under and still delivered the results we're delivering today. 
Laura Alber: The other piece of this is we are starting to see our vendors reduce their pricing to us. And I'm not just talking about shipping, I'm talking about product vendors. And that is a pretty sizable thing as you think about the future. In some cases, it's going to be important to pass along part of that to the consumer because everybody had to take a price increase. And when it comes down, we want to make sure that we have the best value out there. 
 So we're always scrubbing to see how's our design vis-a-vis the competition. How's our quality, how's our sustainability problems and how is our price. And so as we get better prices from our vendors, which we're already starting to see, there will be some that are passed along to the consumers so that we can really continue to grab market share because we're going to offer an even better value. And so there are -- in addition to just the cost being normalized, I think there's some real opportunities as you think about the back half of next year and beyond to really improve the margin from here. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Oliver Wintermantel with Evercore. 
Oliver Wintermantel: Jeff, congratulations on the new role. I had a question regarding retail. I think you said up 16%, 16.9%. Can you give us a little bit more detail what drove that? Is that AUR? Or is that mix or traffic versus ticket? That would be great. 
Laura Alber: Okay. Oliver, it's Laura. Remember, the 16.9% is the net comp not a demand comp. It's driven by AUR and the resulting traffic fill from the previous sales. As we look at demand comp -- yes, as we look at demand comps now, at retail, our traffic is better than our competition, better than the industry, which is really exciting. And you all know Christmas is the -- and the holidays is the time that people love to come into our stores. And I've said before, you salivate just thinking about walking into a Williams-Sonoma store. And so we're really focused on conversion, and we have the traffic. So that's why I tend to be quite optimistic that retail is going to be -- the retailers, for us at least, is going to continue to overdeliver in the short term as we're comping the pandemic not completely out of the house that we were in last year. 
Oliver Wintermantel: Got it. And my second question was regarding B2B. If you just think about the macro environment and let's say that there's a slowdown, how do you think B2B is holding up versus the consumer business? Do you think there's more headwinds? Or could that hold up better than the consumer business? 
Jeff Howie: That's a great question, Oliver. I think that the B2B business will hold up stronger potentially in a soft macro environment than the consumer. If you think about the dynamics of the past couple of years, the consumer market took off during the pandemic as people were home and they started shopping. And now that's possibly trailing off a little bit with the Fed's monetary actions and the macroeconomic environment. 
 B2B on the other hand, a lot of those verticals they were shut down for several quarters and even over a year. And there was a big backlog of work and renovation work and projects that weren't done. And all of that pipeline of those -- that pent-up demand and deferred projects is really coming online now. We're seeing it in the RFPs we have out, talking to our customers in B2B. And when I attend trade shows, there's just a general energy about the amount of projects that are out there. Funded projects, a lot of renovations. There was a great article in the Wall Street Journal, I think it was last week and the week before, talking about the hotel experience and how there's just a dearth of great hotels. A lot of them need to be updated and renovated. And that just speaks well to our opportunity with B2B. So in sum, it can really be countercyclical if there is a macroeconomic downturn. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Zaccone with Citi. 
Steven Zaccone: I'll extend my congrats to you, Jeff, as well on the new role. First question I had was just how much do you think the competitive environment is factoring into the slowing demand trends that you're seeing in your business? The macro is difficult, we understand, but the home furnishing industry has also gotten a little bit more promotional. And I guess, Laura, as you look across the industry, are you concerned inventory levels are getting high in the channel? 
Laura Alber: Yes. So it's funny, the macro environment or -- no the competitive environment has always been promotional. When you really go back and you think about -- even before all these new start-ups came about, there was Macy's always in the home business and a lot of other big players. And then Amazon came along and Wayfair. They've always been after price first. What we do versus them is very different in that we're designing our own goods. And we've been doing it for a lot of years. And so we tend to be first with new trends and able to bring out finishes that others can't replicate even when they try to copy us, they can't replicate. And so when you actually go and look at the difference between our furniture or even our tabletop or any of the categories versus theirs, you're going to see a big difference in quality and the resulting price even with their markdowns, our value is better.
 We keep looking at that, looking at whether it's the sofa, the coffee table, the rug. I mean, when you take a product down like-for-like and you really look at it in person, look at the price, I feel very good about where we sit. There's always a few exceptions. There's always a few opening price points that I wish were sharper. Those are -- the opening price points are the place that I want to get back to be more competitive as we were pre pandemic. Those are the areas where I think everybody got a little too high. But in total, I really don't think it's a competitive pricing issue because it's hard to match our goods against anyone else's goods. Now in terms of inventory in the channel, Bed Bath & Beyond has a ton of inventory that they're pressing and going to continue to press at deep markdowns. 
 Again, different products. But will that hurt everybody on the fringes? That one might be the biggest factor going. But the Wayfair and the Amazon, those guys are the biggest out there, but it's just -- it's a very different business. So you might buy one thing from them for your garage or something, but you're not going to furnish your living room, your full bedroom from some of those brands. Our customer wouldn't anyway because there are -- what they're looking for is a much higher quality level and design sensibility. And they want someone to help them put it together. 
 So those are, I think, the factors at play, and we just have to make sure that we're not distracted by a short-term blip and that we are all focused on what we've built here and continuing to feed it, which means innovation, innovation and product and service and continuing to press forward when everyone else is doing the duck and cover. And that's the thing. I mean it's exciting, even though it's a different hand than we expect it to be dealt right now. It's an exciting time to really think about it offensively. And what's the company that we want to look like and again, make improvements to. If this is a recession, what are we going to look like on the other side of it. And I think when you saw us come out of '08, we were stronger and we're much stronger coming out of the pandemic. And whatever this is going to be, I would say the same thing, we're going to be much stronger coming out of this, too. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chuck Grom with Gordon Haskett. 
Charles Grom: Historically, there's been a nice lead, lag relationship between housing turnover and furniture sales. I'm curious, Laura, do you think that relationship still exists? Or has it been decoupled? If you listen to the home improvement names over the past week, they're seeming to suggest that this time is different and that we are seeing some decoupling, which could indirectly be good for your business over the next couple of years. 
Laura Alber: Yes. I mean I just think this is a people are nervous sort of situation. As I said earlier, Lowe's, Home Depot, they're really very optimistic. I'm sure everybody listened to their calls and people still love their homes. And the sentiment is still I want a nicer home. I want a second home. I want a bigger home. Now they're not going to buy one because nobody wants to buy right now. That doesn't mean that you don't still love your home, you don't want to still spend money on it. And so the renovation, a lot of those renovation projects are still lagging from the pandemic when you couldn't even get a refrigerator, right? You still can't get a refrigerator. And so you're not done with your kitchen, so you're not fishing your kitchen yet. So it's interesting that those projects are still lagging, and there's still, there should be, in my opinion, there should be still a big upside as they finish those projects and then they go to spruce up the furnishings. 
 Because if you spend a lot of money on your new bathrooms and your new kitchen, which are usually where people go first, generally speaking, you buy furniture next. So it should be a very positive thing for us. What I think is happening is, right now is more fear than reality, and we'll see what happens and which way that goes. But as I said earlier, our customers are still in really good economic shape. They're just -- I think they're taking a small pause for a minute as everyone's been talking about. 
Charles Grom: Okay. And then I know directionally, B2B is more accretive than the traditional retail business. But clearly, some of the optimism, I think on the longer term, margin structure is in B2B, particularly as it ramps. I was wondering if you or Jeff could just maybe speak to some of the buckets of why that B2B business is so much stronger on the margin front because I think it would help bridge the gap from some of the fears on some of the costs starting to come back into the P&L as an offset. 
Jeff Howie: A couple of things there, Chuck. So first of all, B2B is slightly accretive to our op margin. And really, the dynamic there is you don't have the overhead of some of the retail and then not as much advertising costs. So it does lend some accretion from that standpoint. But I think when you think about the costs that are hitting the P&L, the second part of your question is, I think we have to think about that really in 2 phases. The first is the near term, which is Q4 and the first half of '23, where we're seeing the higher product cost, a higher inbound shipping costs and all of our additional costs as we work through our backlog. That will become a tailwind for us. As we turn the corner and head in the back half of '23 and '24, I think that in and of itself will support our margins long term. And then B2B will really just be the icing on the cake on top of it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. 
Seth Basham: My first question is around merchandise margins. You guys have been doing a great job holding the line on merchandise margin despite some of the pressures. As you move forward, could you help us understand the puts and takes the arc of merchandise margins in the fourth quarter and through the first half of 2023? 
Jeff Howie: Thanks, Seth. We don't guide specific line items like that, but we are giving you a guidance on the overall direction of gross margin, with March margin a sone component of that. And we do see headwinds there in Q4 and in the first half of '23 for all the reasons that we've talked about, the product cost, the ocean costs and then our own challenges with getting through our backlog with out-of-market shipments and multiple shipments to customers. And again, I think that, that becomes a huge tailwind. As we look to the back half of '23 and '24, that gives us optimism from the long-term sustainability of our margins. 
Seth Basham: Got it. Just to frame the question differently then, Jeff. Thinking about the merchandise margins and how you've been able to hold them flat year-over-year given the level of inventory that's rising and the likely higher level of clearance and discontinued lines that you'll have going forward, would you expect to be able to offset those pressures on merchandise margins with things like product costs and in-bound shipping cost reductions? 
Jeff Howie: I think one thing to think about with our inventory that's different from, say, an apparel retailer, fashion retailers, we have a much higher penetration of the core. So we don't have that seasonal pressure to move like other companies do that are in the retail industry. And from a long-term standpoint, again, to the back half of '23 and into '24 these headwinds we're experiencing really become tailwinds, and that's where we see opportunity on the margin from a long-term standpoint. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brad Thomas with KeyBanc. 
Bradley Thomas: Two financial questions, if I could. The first just thinking about sales for the fourth quarter, I know you reiterated the full year guidance, but technically, if we back into what's implied, it's a pretty wide range. Wondering if there's any more color you could share with us with how to think about the fourth quarter revenues. 
 And then we get a lot of questions about the structural margins of Williams-Sonoma and it does seem to me that you've done some great things with the brands and probably deserve a higher merchandise margin than pre-pandemic levels. And similarly, you've done a great job of getting more efficient with occupancy expense and having a greater mix of e-commerce sales and perhaps that should support a higher margin. But I would love to hear your latest thoughts on perhaps what structural margins look for you as we think about perhaps slower trends ahead. 
Jeff Howie: Okay. Let's start with the Q4 implied sales. And yes, it's a wide range. As I spoke to in my prepared remarks, we saw a tremendous amount of choppiness in Q3. The result of that choppiness is there's a wide range of estimates. But our guidance is a blend of those ranges of estimates and reflects our best estimate as what we see potentially happen in Q4. As a result -- as it relates to the structural margin, there's been quite a bit of change within the structural margin. And here, I think there's a lot to talk about in terms of how we really improved our operating model. The first one is the impact of elimination of site-wide promotions. That is really buttressing our merchandise margins and giving us a lot of opportunity there to continue to sustain that. I think it speaks to something we really learned and sort of maybe relearned in the pandemic is that our proprietary differentiated product that our in-house design produced really commands its own price in the marketplace. 
 And that product really resonates with the customer, and they're really willing to pay for it. The second thing is, throughout the pandemic, we really, number one, improved the profitability of our retail stores and as mix has shifted to e-commerce, which by nature is more profitable for us. So a combination of those different factors really helps us with sustaining the margin. And then over the long term, we see additional opportunity to take costs and drive efficiency throughout our P&L. 
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer portion for today. I now turn the call back to management for closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: Yes. Thank you all for joining us. I want to wish you a very happy holiday season and look forward to talking to you next year. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Q2 2022 Conference Call.  
 [Operator Instructions] 
 Today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Jeremy Brooks, Chief Accounting Officer and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Jeremy Brooks: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our second quarter earnings call. 
 I'd like to remind you that during this call, we will make forward-looking statements with respect to future events and financial performance, including guidance for fiscal '22 and our long-term outlook. Although we believe these statements reflect our best estimate and all available information, we cannot make any assurances that these statements will materialize, and actual results may differ significantly from our expectations. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any of these statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after today's call. 
 Additionally, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures should not be considered replacements for and should be read together with our GAAP results. A reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, along with an explanation of how and why we use those measures, appears in Exhibit 1 to the press release we issued earlier today. This call should also be considered in conjunction with our periodic and annual filings with the SEC. The call is being recorded, and a replay will be available on our Investor Relations website.  
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer. 
Laura Alber: Thanks, Jeremy. Good afternoon, everyone. 
 I'm excited to share our second quarter earnings today. Q2 marked another quarter of strong performance, delivering an 11.3% comp on the top line and earnings growth of over 19% to $3.87 per share. These impressive results reflect the strength of our multi-brand portfolio, the success of our growth initiatives and the ongoing execution of the team. We continue to demonstrate our ability to perform by offering high-quality, differentiated and sustainable products that our customers know and love. 
 Our performance was driven by 3 factors: strong order fulfillment, positive demand comps and our successful continued elimination of site-wide promotions. I'm very proud of this performance, especially given the macroeconomic backdrop and the strong compares we are up against, all while delivering an impressive 41.1% comp on a 2-year basis. And it is this continued outperformance that gives us the confidence to reiterate our 2022 guidance and longer-term outlook today. 
 Our positioning in the industry is a competitive strength. Our industry is large and fragmented with more than half of sales from small brick-and-mortar retailers that do not have sophisticated e-commerce capabilities. And with the arrival of the millennial generation for the household creation stage, this is a huge opportunity for ongoing market share gains for us, while the rest of the players try to catch up. 
 At the same time, our digital-first but not digital-only channel strategy provides a competitive edge in scaling the business into the future compared to both retail and marketplace only players. All of this creates an environment that is ripe for disruption and for us to take market share. 
 We continue to win because of our key differentiators, which include our in-house design capabilities with inspirational, exclusive, sustainable and high-quality products at compelling price points. Our digital-first but not digital-only channel strategy and our values rooted in sustainability, diversity, equity and inclusion, which are becoming even more fundamental to purchasing decisions for many customers. These differentiators set us apart as a leader in the industry. 
 And now I want to highlight one of our opportunities, business to business. Our B2B business had another terrific quarter driving a 32% increase in demand in Q2 and it is well on track to becoming a $1 billion business this year. We continue to grow in this space by focusing on diversifying our product pipeline across a range of industry verticals. 
 In sports and entertainment, we are excited to service our first collegiate sports facility at San Diego State New Snapdragon Stadium. In hospitality, we continue to gain market share through renovations and new builds, leveraging our diverse fleet of brands. And in our commercial office pipeline, we are encouraged to see the momentum continue as companies return to the office and workspaces are reimagined. 
 To drive the B2B growth, we are focused on the continued development of our sales team and expansion of our contract-grade product assortment. We remain optimistic and excited about the potential of this business as there is no one else providing the full suite of services and offerings that we do. 
 Moving to sustainability. We are thrilled to announce the recent publication of our 2021 impact report highlighting the progress and fulfillment of our industry-leading ESG goals. We remain committed to prioritizing sustainability, diversity, philanthropy and worker well-being as key differentiators for our business. In the report, we detailed progress on our long-standing commitment, including responsibly sourced cotton and wood, waste diversion and increased fair trade premium. We are also one of the first home furnishing brands to set a science-based target for reducing our emissions across our company, and we have made progress decreasing our carbon intensity. 
 Now I'd like to talk about our global business. We continue to believe that global expansion represents a sizable opportunity, and we are focused on a multichannel strategy in key markets. In Q2, we continued building momentum with our franchise partnerships. Our presence in Mexico continues to drive growth, and we launched the Pottery Barn and Pottery Barn Kids websites in India with stores beginning in Q3 of this year and further expansion into 2023. And in our company-owned business in Canada, we continue to expand our family of brands with the launch of our Pottery Barn Teen website and the relaunches of Williams-Sonoma West Elm in our Pottery Barn Kids website in the market, all with great customer response. 
 Before we get to the strong results of the brand, I want to update you on the supply chain. Unfortunately, this is an area where we continue to see significant disruption, inefficiencies and cost pressures. Although our in-stock position has improved, we have still room to improve our on-time shipments to customers. Also, we continue to incur higher distribution center costs to support our growth as well as higher ocean freight. And we are still incurring added costs to ship out of market and multiple shipments to service our customers. We expect this pressure will continue in the second half of this year and the first half of next. This is reflected in our guidance and our outlook. 
 Now let's turn to the performance of our brands. Pottery Barn delivered another extremely strong quarter with a 21.5% comp or 51.1% on a 2-year basis. All channels and product divisions contributed to driving incremental demand. Our high-quality proprietary furniture business continues to lead the growth. 
 Pottery Barn continues to innovate with product and incremental growth initiatives. For example, in July, Pottery Barn launched the Accessible Home, an exciting new concept designed to enhance the quality of life at home with aging in-place community and people living with disabilities and injury. Our customers have responded enthusiastically about our efforts to address this underserved market, and we believe this could be a significant opportunity across our portfolio of brands. 
 Moving to West Elm. West Elm delivered a 6.1% comp in the second quarter on top of 51.1% last year or 57.2% on a 2-year basis. We're excited about our new businesses in kids and bath, which continue to drive outsized growth for the brand. And we launched our dedicated B2B e-commerce experience and expanded assortment there. 
 Looking forward to Q3, we are focused on 3 key areas of growth at West Elm. One, improving furniture in-stocks and lead time reductions; two, expanding our depth in seasonal decorating, hosting and entertainment categories; and three, launching innovative collaborations across the brand. And with the ongoing success of our strategic initiatives, we remain confident in our ability to drive West Elm to become a $3 billion brand. 
 Now I'd like to update you on our Pottery Barn children's home furnishing business, which delivered a sequentially stronger quarter with a 5.3% comp in Q2. During the quarter, we benefited from improving inventory receipts out of Vietnam, which filed factory closures that occurred in the back half of 2021. Also, we successfully launched our biggest ever back-to-school collection, and we enabled functionality to ship dorm products in any store in any brand in our fleet across the country. Early results also indicate the seasonal holiday business will be a success given the early positive reaction to Halloween. 
 In the Williams-Sonoma brand, I want to highlight our recently announced change in leadership. Felix Carbullido, previously our Chief Marketing Officer, has assumed the role of President of the Williams-Sonoma brand. Felix brings incredible talent to the position through his experience in strategy and operations in addition to a breadth of merchandising, e-commerce and marketing expertise. Felix is only 3 weeks into the role, but sees clear opportunities for the brand, particularly in key areas, including: one, leaning further into the brand's heritage of inspiring those who love to cook at home with relevant and useful storytelling across all channels; two, the importance of offering the best product and ensuring customers can rely on Williams-Sonoma to be in stock across the key essentials of a great home kitchen. And finally, there are white space opportunities not only in our core offering, but also in new categories that have clear adjacencies to the kitchen. 
 In Q2, Williams-Sonoma came in at a positive 0.5% comp with accelerating comps throughout the quarter. This was driven by an improved in-stock position, newness in the assortment as well as higher conversion on the site driven by our ongoing e-commerce initiatives that improved imagery and shop path. In stock continues to improve, and we believe we will see further recovery in the back half. 
 As part of the Williams-Sonoma brand, our Williams-Sonoma Home business, we had a high double-digit comp again this quarter and continues to be an opportunity. Given the strength of the Williams-Sonoma brand name, our expertise in the furniture category and the clear opportunity in the high-end home market, we believe that Williams-Sonoma Home is destined to be a product leader of distinctive design-led, high-quality home furnishings. 
 In summary, we are proud of our performance and we remain committed to executing on our growth initiatives and operational improvements to drive market share gains and strong long-term financial returns. I want to thank our customers, our employees and our shareholders. We are committed to delivering for all of you. 
 And with that, I'd like to turn the call to Julie to go through all the financials in more detail. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura, and hello, everyone. 
 We had another outstanding quarter with revenues, operating margin and earnings all exceeding expectations. Our performance and execution remains strong. Our comps outperformed due to positive and healthy demand comps and accelerating order fulfillment. Our growth strategy has continued to build momentum and our operating margin continued to grow above expectations due to running a more regular priced business and another quarter of advertising and employment leverage. These factors enabled us to outperform on both the top and bottom line with double-digit comps and another quarter of operating margin expansion. Our results this quarter further validate that we are one of the best positioned to succeed in the short and long term with strong profitable growth. 
 Moving to our second quarter results in more detail. Net revenues grew to $2.1 billion with comparable brand revenue growth at 11.3% on top of 29.8% last year for a 2-year stack of 41.1%. This includes double-digit growth in both channels. In retail, we delivered an 11.4% comp despite retail traffic down almost 19% in 2019. And in e-commerce, we delivered an 11.3% comp and grew our e-commerce penetration 60 basis points year-over-year to 65.4%. 
 Moving down the income statement. Our gross margin continued to hold near historic highs at 43.5%, which was 60 basis points below last year's record Q2. Our merchandise margins remained strong with another consecutive quarter of merchandise margin expansion year-over-year as we continue to preserve our pricing integrity by remaining committed to our decision to no longer offer site-wide promotions. The gross margin decline was driven by higher freight costs from our strong furniture demand, higher back order fulfillment and global supply chain disruptions, driving freight rates higher for all. 
 We also incurred incremental freight costs in order to best serve our customers, to get product to them timely by shipping from out-of-market distribution centers and in some cases, shipping multiple times for multiunit orders, which typically would have been done in a single shipment. 
 Occupancy costs at 9% of net revenues were flat to last year, with occupancy dollars increasing 9.6% to approximately $193 million, which includes incremental costs from our new distribution centers on both the East and West Coast. These new distribution centers will allow us to support our ongoing growth, optimize service times for our customers and drive efficiencies in cost over time. And given our ongoing retail real estate optimization efforts, we were pleased that we were able to help mitigate these incremental costs and hold the occupancy rate flat. 
 Our SG&A rate continues to be at a historical low at 26.4%, leveraging 90 basis points over last year, driven by advertising and employment leverage from our strong topline performance and ongoing operational efficiency. Across the company, we continue to operate with a disciplined approach, challenging all expenditures to maximize the return from our spend. 
 These results once again led to a record quarter of earnings with our most profitable Q2 ever, including operating income growth of 12% to $366 million, and an operating margin at 17.1%, expanding 40 basis points over last year. This resulted in diluted earnings per share of $3.87, up 19.4% from last year's record second quarter earnings per share of $3.24. 
 On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with a cash balance of $125 million with no debt outstanding and year-to-date operating cash flow of $384 million. This year-to-date cash flow allowed us to fund the operations of the business and to almost double our capital investments to support our growth. In addition, we returned excess cash year-to-date of almost $880 million to shareholders, through $113 million in dividends and $766 million in share repurchases, a significant increase over last year at this time. These elevated share repurchase levels reflect the confidence we have in the long-term strength of our business and demonstrate our commitment to maximizing shareholder returns. 
 Moving down the balance sheet. Merchandise inventories, which include in-transit inventory, were $1.542 billion, increasing 32% over our reduced levels last year. Inventory on hand increased 28% over last year, but was only up 1% to 2019 versus sales up 56% over the same time frame. In the quarter, back order levels decreased. However, they continue to be too high in total. We are working hard to get these goods in to fulfill our customer orders. We believe that we will be able to return to normalized back order levels next year. 
 Turning to our expectations for the remainder of the year and beyond. We are reiterating our fiscal year '22 and long-term financial outlook of mid- to high single-digit revenue growth, growing revenues to $10 billion by 2024 with operating margins relatively in line with fiscal year 2021. Our reiteration of our outlook simply acknowledges that the economic backdrop remains uncertain with currently unknown outcomes surrounding spending trends, inflation, interest rates, supply chain pressures and global unrest. The fundamentals of our business remains strong, evidenced by our first half outperformance and the accelerating demand comps we are seeing as we enter the third quarter. 
 Our confidence to achieve our revenue outlook is rooted in 3 tangible drivers. Our year-to-date trends, which continue to outpace the industry and reflect market share gains, our continued improvement in our inventory receipts expected through the back half, which will enable us to fill prior orders and lower our elevated back order levels and our ongoing strength in our growth initiatives, which continue to build momentum. 
 From a profitability perspective, we expect cost pressures to continue in the back half and into the beginning of 2023, particularly across our supply chain, from the incremental distribution centers and related costs to support our growth plus higher ocean freight and other freight-related costs resulting from the global supply chain disruptions and our efforts to best serve our customers by delivering product to them as timely as possible. 
 Despite these pressures, we remain confident in our ability to achieve fiscal year operating margins relatively in line with our fiscal year '21 rate at 17.7%, which was an all-time high, given our strong start to the year and our culture of strong financial discipline. 
 In summary, we are very proud of the results we continue to deliver for our customers, associates and shareholders. These results further validate our ability to deliver sustainable strong growth and profitability. As we continue to navigate the dynamic changes in the macro environment, we are confident that our strong foundation of differentiators and our operating model as well as the momentum of our growth initiatives will continue to keep us ahead of the competition. And this, combined with an environment where consumers are shifting increasingly online and are prioritizing value and sustainability in their purchases now more than ever, leave us uniquely positioned to continue to take market share and profitably. 
 Finally, I would like to thank all our associates for their hard work and relentlessness in driving these great results. 
 I would now like to open the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] 
 We'll take our first question from Max Rakhlenko with Cowen and Company. 
Maksim Rakhlenko: Great. Nice job in the quarter. So first, just on topline, can you share what demand was in the quarter and then just provide any more color on early 3Q trends? And then just bigger picture, what do you attribute the outperformance to and ways that you can play offense from here as the environment does get tougher? 
Julie Whalen: Max, it's Julie. So as we said in our prepared remarks, our demand comps remained positive and healthy and, in fact, accelerated as we entered into the third quarter. They are lower than our double-digit net comps. We had alluded to that in our last call that we had seen the demand comps start to moderate. But they are nothing like what we've heard others indicate or report. And so we're pleased to see that we were able to deliver accelerated comps this quarter both driven by healthy demand and our accelerating net bill, and we're seeing both of those accelerate into the third quarter. 
Laura Alber: And Max, to your question about why we're winning, and how come we're outperforming. First of all, thank you for the great question. We think it's a couple of reasons. First, we've said over and over what our key differentiators are and they're truly setting us apart. Let me just talk about the first one first in more detail than I have in the past. 
 We talk about in-house design, which allows us to have proprietary products that is of high quality and at the best value. It also happens to be sustainable. But it also allows us to innovate and bring in collections that no one else has and see the white space. This culture of innovation that we have is driving a lot of the great wins for our business. And truly, I don't believe we have these results have we not continued to deliver these important points. And each one is a seed that grows and some into very large brands. But in Pottery Barn, Example A is accessible home, really obvious and sizable business opportunity. We just got started. They also have in Pottery Barn a bunch of great collaborations that they've been launching my favorite one with Hailey Bieber, which is really fun if you want to check that one out. 
 On Pottery Barn Kids has always had really wonderful, exciting collaborations in different licenses that kids love from Beatrix Potter, Disney to Emily Meritt, Harry Potter, and those continue to drive relevancy for the brand and delight the trial. 
 For West Elm, in terms of innovation, we've talked about B2B, we've talked about kids and bath. But we also had some collaborations that really are working there like just Sarah Sherman Samuel. I don't know if you've had a chance to see that that's also in -- it's in Pottery Barn kids too. And this has really, really set us apart and gotten us more attention on our kids growth in our West Elm business. And we're still really low awareness that we even have a West Elm kids business. 
 So those are just some of the examples when we say innovation, we say that it's a differentiator that we design our own products. It's this culture of innovation that really, I think, is what's making us outperform. 
Maksim Rakhlenko: Got it. That's very helpful. And then just on promotions, bigger picture. Can you speak to the strategies ahead? We've seen the debt increase, but maybe not suppressed, and you obviously haven't returned site-wide promos. So just ahead, what should we expect from you? And I guess, ultimately, would you be willing to leave some topline on the table to maintain margins even if the industry does get very promotional in some of the quarters ahead? 
Laura Alber: Yes. So first of all, the industry is already very promotional, particularly with the big box retailers faltering. There's a lot that they're flushing through, and that's been going on for more than just a couple of weeks here, you've been watching this happen most of this year. 
 I believe, Julie, you did detail the difference between our MMU and our... 
Julie Whalen: Not financially, but yes, MMU has expanded. And the delta is on our gross margin is simply just the shipping cost. But the MMU still remains strong. It's another quarter of expansion that we're seeing. And so even with the promotional environment, we're still able to drive that. 
Laura Alber: I think that's the key point that I want to make sure that no one confuses when they just do the quick read of the gross margin that you understand where it came from and where it didn't come from. We are committed to the elimination of site-wide promos. We believe this is absolutely the healthiest way to run our business for long-term success. And it's a function of the products that we sell that have great design, as I said, and great quality and are sustainable. And as long as we continue to maintain that value equation in the product and the innovation, I believe we're really equipped to maintain this posture because no one else has the same product out there in the market.
 That said, this commitment doesn't mean that we're not going to use markdowns to manage our inventory. We are very aggressive about managing our inventories and markdowns are part of any retail business, and we will take markdowns particularly in seasonal products and slow-moving SKUs, but we have not expanded the amount of promotions that we're running. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Cristina Fernndez with Telsey Advisory Group. 
Cristina Fernandez: Congratulations on another good quarter. I wanted to ask about inventory receipts for the back half. I mean inventory has been tight, but it seems like it's improving. So do you expect better inventory flow in the second half of the year as what you've seen so far in the first half? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. I mean I would say we do. We certainly expect it to improve as we move throughout the back half. I think what's important to remember is that, I mean, first of all, as far as our growth to date, it's 32%, but it's still 1% on a 3-year basis versus 56% up on sales. And we are dealing with a lot of -- we're shifting more to furniture and bigger cube items, and we're dealing with inventory coming in both to fill back orders but also to fill our current demand. And so that creates a lot of inventory coming in at the same time. And yet at the same time, we still need to get more inventory in to be in stock. And we still, as Laura mentioned, need to be thoughtful about the inventory that's aging to be able to get it pushed out. So we have more room in the distribution center. So as we move to the back half, we do expect our inventory levels to get better but we'll still have elevated backorder levels into the first half of 2023. 
Laura Alber: Yes. I think just to add to that, the good news is as we've gotten back in stock, which is really important to our customers, we have seen backorder crate rates come down. Back order levels have decreased even though they are still too high. Our cancel rates have moderated. And also just another thing under the covers is that, we have industry-leading lead times in our domestic in-house upholstery. Nobody else is shipping custom upholstery faster than we are. And as much as our on-time shipments are not where we want to be, we are extremely focused on getting back in stock and every day working to serve our customers the best we can in this environment. And I do believe as we go through the balance of this year and next -- early next, we should be in a much better position. 
Cristina Fernandez: And then just a quick follow-up. On the merchandise margin, it seems like promotions are say, flattish year-over-year. So what are the other drivers that are allowing you to expand the operator -- the merchandise margin? 
Laura Alber: That's an interesting question without giving too much competitive information away. We -- I think you know that we have taken some price raises. We've been very selective. We don't pass those costs on unilaterally to our customers. We look to see where we're underpriced and where we can still offer value to this customer. And at this point, we are sort of plateauing on raising our prices. We're also starting to see that certain raw materials and fuel has come down in price. So over time, honestly, this should allow us to get price reductions from our vendor partners that we -- that could help our margins, and that would also potentially allow us to lower some of the prices to our customers. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Adrienne Yih with Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Congratulations again. You just keep the trend going. So Laura, there's been a lot of discussion about household income brackets and kind of the lower end, obviously, feeling much more of the pain and having that creeped into kind of the median household income in the second quarter. You guys stayed pretty high up, but I'm curious, the strength that you saw at Williams-Sonoma Home seek to really hire in. West Elm would seem to me to be maybe more median-ish in terms of household income. Can you talk about what you're seeing with regard to these different target income brackets and how they're behaving? 
Laura Alber: Sure. First of all, Williams-Sonoma home for us is still very small, coming off a small base. So I wouldn't read much into that for the total high-end industry. 
 In terms of customers, I'm always looking at this data to see what we can see. I mean we don't see a ton of inconsistency across even location, slightly better, Southwest, Southeast, slightly better, but it's not material. Gen Z and millennials do continue to be our fastest growing segment, which is awesome. There isn't much differentiation with the income levels, except not based on income, it's about how much they spend. We're seeing people who spend more than $1,000 accelerate and people who spend less than $200 decelerate. But that's also not surprising given that furniture is a strong growth vehicle for our business that you would see that they're buying more furniture from us versus anything else. 
 So I don't -- I'm sharing this with you to share that we are looking at all these factors, and we're not seeing it, although one could conclude that we're more insulated because our customer is in a better situation from an income perspective. I think the bigger thing about the macro is that although there's been some slowing of the housing market, most of our customers have seen significant house appreciation, okay? And our customers love their homes, and it's one of the largest assets. And they are engaged with improving that asset. 
 And this -- I think we all know, we're all spending more time in our homes, working, entertaining and investing in them, of course. And we also know that home furnishing always lag the home sale and the home remodel. Therefore, the current period metrics on home sales and interest rates don't necessarily align with the home improvement journey. And as a result, we continue to believe there's significant runway ahead for home furnishing sales. 
 And while I'm talking too much, I might as well just add, although there's a lot of smart people out there predicting a recession, we're also seeing consumer sentiment improve as inflation cools. So there's a lot of reasons, I think -- believe we're gaining share and that we're in the right business. We've looked at a lot of different data sources, and it is really in a couple of data sources is very clear that we're gaining share, significant share. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Okay. And then for Julie, my follow-up is custom orders versus in-stocks. I know in-stocks have been hard to keep in stock. So I'm wondering if people have -- have you seen any noticeable difference in the movement to custom orders, those are obviously stickier and than non-cap cancellations because of the deposit, so any trends in that would be super helpful? 
Laura Alber: I'll take that, Adrienne. So custom orders, most of our upholstery business is custom, okay? People always want to choose their own fabric and their own frame. We don't do much stock upholstery at all. So there's no dynamic there really that's changing. What's stocked is our bedroom furniture, dining furniture, all those wood pieces. But most of our upholstery business is custom. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. 
Seth Basham: Congrats on a great quarter. My first question is just thinking about the outlook for the back half of the year, if 2022 operating margins are in line with 2021, that implies some modest yearly decline in the second half operating margins after a strong performance in the first half. What's driving that slight decline? Is it some of the additional supply chain pressure? Or is there anything else that might get work here? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. So there's 2 things there. First of all, I mean, we are obviously reiterating our strong guidance giving a nod the fact that the environment is uncertain. So we're being cautious on that, but there is definitely some pressure that we're going to feel on the op margin line, particularly associated with these ongoing supply chain costs. So we're going to continue to have incremental distribution center costs. We've got ocean freight costs that are higher along with dray and demurrage costs. So there's all the costs that are increased to get the goods to us. And then incrementally, we are doing the right thing by our customer to accelerate getting the goods to them. And so there'll be incremental cost for out-of-market shipments and for multiple shipments that we typically would have done in a single shipment. .
 The one thing from a modeling perspective to make sure you're aware, if you remember last year in Q3, we had higher spot rate charges, and so that will help us to partially offset some of that incremental cost in Q3, but Q4, we didn't have that last year. And so you'll see that the Q4 is going to be a bigger impact than the Q3. But at the end of the day, of course, we will do everything we can to mitigate it as we always do. And thankfully, with the strength that we've had in the first half of the year, we are very confident in our ability to hit our operating margin in line with '21, which, as you know, is a 17.7% and the highest we've ever had. 
Seth Basham: That's really helpful. And then relatedly, as your inventory start to normalize, you'll have more clearance and need to mark down slow-moving SKUs. How much has that been benefiting you for the last 2 years? And what kind of reversion do we see an impact on margins over the next year or 2? 
Julie Whalen: I mean I wouldn't assume that that would go up per se. I mean we've always had inventories that ages, and we've always had to clear it. We've had warehouse sales for a while now. So I don't think there's anything there that is a significant shift, it should be concerning from a promotional stance or a margin perspective. Remember, most of what we sell is core. And so we're different than the apparel companies and so forth. And so as you get more inventory and you come back in stock, if it comes in late, there's a lot more pressure for them to push it out and get it out of the distribution center. For us, it's just a space play. And so we'll continue to have markdowns and things like that where we need to get rid of aged inventory, but there's no substantial shift that should occur. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Anthony Chukumba with Loop Capital Markets. 
Anthony Chukumba: Congrats as well on a great quarter, particularly given the tough sort of macro environment. So just a real quick question, just more of a clarifying question. In prior calls, and I don't mean to nitpick particularly given the fact that you had a really great quarter. But in prior calls, you talked about the emerging brands and gave us updates there in terms of comps and your thoughts there. And I was just wondering if you -- if there's any color you would provide on the emerging brand performance in the second quarter? 
Laura Alber: Yes. I'm so sorry, I didn't do that just absolutely because we are being more additive in our prepared remarks, we have more time for Q&A. But they're both really driving profitable growth. So Mark and Graham, let's see, Julie won't want me to give the specific -- can I give them a specific comp? I can tell you double digit, okay? Same with rejuvenation, double-digit comp on both these brands. And in Rejuvenation consumer and B2B business are both performing consistent to each other and seeing strong performance across DTC and retail and Rejuvenation. We still would love to have a few more stores because stores are really good in driving brand awareness for Rejuvenation. 
 And in Mark and Graham, we're really -- we're pushing the trends that are post pandemic trends like travel, social sports, home entertaining as primary drivers of incremental brand growth. And we're seeing particularly resurgence of Tennis and Golf, Pickleball, fueling this business. It's a really fun gift business, and we're starting to see people really noticed us and come to us for their stuff. We're excited about both Mark and Graham and Rejuvenation as growth vehicles for our company. 
Anthony Chukumba: Got it. No, that's really helpful. And yes, I appreciate you adding your comments, but don't edit your comments just so you can hear more questions from the likes of sell-side analysts like me. Anyway, just second real brief question. I mean, obviously, very strong free cash flow in the first half of this year. I would expect to see continuous strong free cash flow in the second half, you've been very aggressive about buying back stock. Obviously, you have the dividend. But how do you think about just near term about capital allocation, particularly like in the back half of this year? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. I mean we're going to continue with buybacks and our dividends, of course, maybe not to the same degree we'll see. Certainly, we still believe our stock is undervalued. It has recovered nicely. We're pleased that we were able to buy the stock back on average for about $138, and obviously, stock is much higher now, but it's still undervalued. And so we're going to continue as long as we have some really strong free cash flow and are generating this kind of earnings and cash that we are, we think the right thing to do is to return it to our shareholders. So we're still committed to doing that. 
Laura Alber: And I think also the buyback signals also the confidence we have in our guidance. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Chuck Grom with Gordon Haskett. 
Charles Grom: Nice quarter. On our math, it looks like your backlog release continues to gain steam, which is obviously a good thing for your customer. But is it possible to size up where you are today on the backlog versus maybe where you were last year? And is there a banner where the backlog levels are more severe than others? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. I mean we haven't disclosed the total amount, as you guys know, but it has come down, but it's still incredibly sizable. I think we may have said before that most of the back orders associated with furniture. So certainly, Pottery Barn and West Elm have a sizable amount of back orders, but every brand has them. And the good news is we are starting to bring that balance down, and certainly, that's a tailwind for the back half and as we move into 2023. 
Charles Grom: Okay. And is there a banner that is higher? Would you say PB is higher than maybe Sonoma or West Elm? 
Laura Alber: Well, Sonoma is obviously lower, less furniture. 
Julie Whalen: Pottery Barn is our largest brand. 
Charles Grom: Okay. And then on the 9% or so increase in occupancy dollars year-over-year. It sounds like the distribution center openings are an incremental spend on that line item. I guess is there a way to think about the occupancy line over the next couple of quarters given those openings? 
Julie Whalen: Yes, it will be a little bit higher, kind of similar to where it has been now because of those incremental distribution centers. At the same time, we've had some offsite that should be coming off. We've got some incremental hubs that over time will come off. But I think the bigger play, as you know, is our retail real estate optimization strategy, and most of our stores that we plan on closing close at the end of the year. And so as you start to lap into the new year, you'll get the benefit again from that reduced occupancy costs associated with those stores. So -- but in the shorter term, yes, there will be pressure on that line. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jonathan Matuszewski with Jefferies. 
Jonathan Matuszewski: Nice quarter. First one was just on supply chain. Laura, you mentioned challenges still persist there. Just curious where you guys are from a diversification standpoint? I think a while ago, you mentioned reducing China exposure by half. So just curious how much there is to go on that initiative? That's my first question. 
Laura Alber: Yes. I think that's an ongoing journey. We have significantly reduced the China exposure. What we're working on now is just having multiple high-quality vendors who can make some of our high-risk furniture for kids. it's been harder to find multiple vendors who can do that and to also do the -- yes, this has hit the sustainability mark that we're looking for. So we're really always looking for additional high-quality suppliers would be what I would say to that. 
 And the continuation out of China has happened, but it doesn't mean you're moving it to a place that is free of any other issues. There's a lot of different issues in all these places around the globe, including the domestic market. So we just have to have more options in terms of where we are. I think this is going to be a continued issue for a while because these factories are skittish to open to -- much further than they are and to accelerate given the recessionary fears that everyone has out there. So I think we're going to continue to see pressure on flow from some of the highest quality vendors. 
Jonathan Matuszewski: That's helpful. And then my follow-up question, Laura, you mentioned millennials and Gen Z, the fastest-growing cohorts you're seeing. So a question on marketing strategy for you. It feels like you guys are leaning in a bit deeper into brand ambassadors, influencer marketing from what we see on social media. You launched the West Elm collective not long ago. I never really thought about Gen Z as really a core demo for your business, but it is a group that leverages some of those channels. So just your thoughts on how you've been leaning in more to that channel, how impactful it's been? You guys have always done a good job with digital marketing. But it seems like you guys are making a bit more of a pivot at least from what we see. So any thoughts there in terms of the impact? 
Laura Alber: It's interesting. Felix is just there with me and since he's still doing 2 jobs. I'm going to make a few comments, too. But video is very engaging. So whether it's video on TikTok, on our sites, on Insta, we're doing more video. And as much as a lot of millennials and Gen Z get credit for liking video, don't we all like video. The stuff we're doing for that generation, I think, is appealing to all, and we're certainly always pushing to try these new channels, whether it's Pinterest or TikTok, Snapchat. Pinterest, has been much better than I expected, frankly. And I think there's still a lot of room to go there. And the TikTok, Snapchat, YouTube group is also showing that their engagement is multilayered and different than just a product ad on Google. Felix, do you want add anything to that? 
Felix Carbullido: No, I think it's undeniable, the impact that TikTok has on customers of all ages, particularly those demographics to what you talked about. But they also -- they bring a couple of things. They extend the reach of our brand, they introduce our brand to new customers, but some of the design collaborations also bring new aesthetics. So it's about offering a diverse point of view or expression of our brands to customers so we can acquire more and introduce our customers to some of these new looks and some of these new influencers. So it's -- you're correct, we've leaned more into that because society has. And we're -- we want to make sure we're as relevant as we always have been. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brad Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Bradley Thomas: Let me add my congratulations as well. Great first half of the year here. It's a little early probably to talk about the holiday season, but that's obviously your most important quarter of the year. So wondering, Laura, Julie, if you could just comment a little bit about maybe from a merchandising standpoint, how you plan for this year, how you're thinking about the consumer and any differences in how it may show up here for the holidays? And any nuances of how the mix is a little bit different during that quarter? 
Laura Alber: We love the holidays. And frankly, we have a great lineup, and it's always good to see the Halloween off to a good start, as I alluded to, in the kids business also off to really good start in PD and Williams-Sonoma, I should have said that. But we built on last year's great sellers. We sold out very fast last year of a lot of our key holiday products. And so we're going to get a chance to fully leverage those ideas that barely made it before last year. And we're excited about Williams-Sonoma. The Williams-Sonoma holiday season was disrupted last year by COVID. Let's remember, Thanksgiving was not exactly easy. I had many -- my family not be able to make Christmas because of COVID. 
 So this year, it should be a much easier celebration for people to come together, and we're really looking forward to being a part of that and giving our customers great experience and great products to celebrate the holidays with and Felix and his team are really working on holiday preparedness right now on the website. And in fact, Felix, I think you had a meeting today with our district managers? 
Felix Carbullido: Yes. I mean before this meeting, I spent 4 hours with our district managers across the country to come in and look at holiday because it is such an important part of our business, but it's critically important for retail. And so we walked through the assortment. I think everyone is super excited about it. Laura mentioned a number of things I'm excited about, but seasonal holidays are another one because there's always -- every single month, there's a reason to celebrate. And I can't -- there's no better brand to celebrate with than Williams-Sonoma. So I'm super optimistic about this holiday and holidays going forward for this brand. So stay tuned. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. 
Simeon Gutman: I wanted to ask about the tone of the consumer. Last quarter, there was some mentioning of, I think, some choppiness coming into this quarter. And it sounds like things have picked up and the sentiment has gotten better and demand comps have gotten better. I want to make sure that that's the right read and you're not seeing the tentativeness that maybe you were at the early part of the quarter? 
Julie Whalen: No, that's exactly right. I mean as we said in our last call, as we started that call or that quarter, we saw demand comps moderate. And we're really pleased and excited to see them coming back and accelerating and being strong, heading into third quarter. And so we haven't seen, again, what others are mentioning out there. So it's really different for certain retailers. And thankfully, we're one of those that are seeing real strength in our business. 
Laura Alber: I remember, we're only 3 weeks into the quarter, don't overread this, but this is -- this is what we meant to signal to you is exactly what Julie just said. 
Simeon Gutman: And B2B, the growth, I'm assuming, is outpacing the house average in terms of comp. Can you share at least the spread? Is that spread widening? Is it narrowing? And is B2B concentrated among any of your brands? 
Laura Alber: Yes. It's a consistent beat to last year in growth. And we're seeing also a lot of innovation from the brands to see B2B. So as we mentioned, bring in products that we can offer is a big part of the strategy and more contracts means more sales for B2B because they can do even more in the project. In terms of penetration, Rejuvenation by nature, a small business, but a large percent B2B, has always been. Trade has been a big part of that as people furnish hotels with their custom-configured lighting. 
 But West Elm and Pottery Barn are really very strong in B2B and Williams-Sonoma has a lot of opportunity. We started. You've heard us talk about the gifts that we do with wins from the holidays, the business and there's a lot more room particularly as we expand the assortment in Williams-Sonoma Home because right now the assortment is so small, it's hard to do large-scale projects Williams-Sonoma Home, lots of opportunity across the board. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Oliver Wintermantel with Evercore ISI. 
Oliver Wintermantel: I have a follow-up question for the B2B question from Simeon. Can you maybe give us a little bit more details what the margin is on the B2B business versus the rest of your business? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. We said -- I mentioned this to you in the past, but it's accretive to our total company operating margin at this time. So as that business continues to grow, we get the incremental benefit on the bottom line. 
Oliver Wintermantel: Perfect. And then on the -- with now the success and also the -- not just the e-commerce but also in new stores, have you reconsidered closing what you disclosed before? I think it was 25% of your store base. Is that something that you're having a different look at now with your success over the last few quarters? 
Laura Alber: Great question. We continue to reassess and review our real estate strategy. And while we have been closing stores, we've also had incredible success in repositioning and relocating stores in their current market. A perfect example in our backyard, we moved our Williams-Sonoma Corte Madera storage in a small space and they are off to a very strong start in that store. And then as I look at the other Williams-Sonoma stores that we've repositioned, they are outperforming their forecast too as customers embrace the new design that provides an improved inspirational shopping experience. 
 So we look at this as an opportunity to improve our retail fleet, not to just think of it as a line item on the P&L. But of course, there are some stores that underperform or are in areas that are not as vibrant and we are always going to look for the best location in town. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Marni Shapiro with Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: Congratulations. I do want to take again on the B2B, not to beat it up, I'm actually asking on the positive. Can you just talk a little bit about how the expense structure works there? I'm assuming you have a sales team. But it sounds like the products are coming from the brand. So is the design and R&D part coming from the brands? Because that feels like a really reliant way to leverage what's already done. And then could you just touch a little bit on the relaunch of Holds Everything because I thought the timing of it was interesting. And I always liked that brand? So I'm curious about that as well. 
Laura Alber: Okay. Great. So you're absolutely right, Marni. The structure is we have a dedicated sales team. And then we have Jose who runs it, who's powerhouse looking and working with the brand presidents to identify opportunities for categories that appeal to our clients. So if she sees white space, she says, "Hey, let's work on this area." And then the brands work together and they develop new products or we have to get products contract grade approved, which most of them are, they were already and then some we had a test and then some we actually had to change to make them more durable, which, by the way, I think is pretty good for consumers to make something more durable. But as I'm looking at this incredible list of client examples, she's got not just the ones I mentioned. But whether it's Marriott headquarters hotel, Waldorf Astoria, Marriott Vacations, Hilton Boston, New Orleans, Charlotte Ceria Scottsdale, IHG Kimpton, InterContinental San Antonio, Hotel Indigo, Hyatt Regency, Huntington Beach, I mean, I could just go on and on and read you all these projects that we are doing that are so exciting. And it's just new space for us to be in, and it is that we want to furnish any space with new furniture. And so this has been just a wonderful partnership between the B2B team and the brand team. 
 And then the question on Hold Everything. So we only have [indiscernible] everything back of the day, and then we close it, wasn't doing so well. But we saw an opportunity to distort just a relevant to bring it back really under the Williams-Sonoma banner. And we've designed and housed beautiful, high-quality products. And we just made it more visible on the site. And we have, I think, up to 50 products now. My favorite being the expandable storage organizer for your drawer, which if you check out, you'll see why it's great because there's versions of that online, but they really break and it makes your kitchen look like a custom kitchen and who doesn't want to be more organized. So it's been a very successful initiative and it's gaining steam, and it's real volume for us. 
Operator: We'll take our final question from Kate McShane with Goldman Sachs. 
Katharine McShane: I'm just going back to a previous question that was asked with regards to the freight cost. I just wondered if there was any way you could compare the cost between what you're experiencing in Q1 versus Q2? And how you expect that to change just because you have been dealing with backlogs and multiple deliveries for some time? I just was curious what the change was between quarters and going forward? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. I think the bigger change is in the ocean freight side of things and the dray and the demurrage as we're getting these big volumes of inventory coming in, there are containers that need to be moved around, need to be stored accordingly. And ocean freight rates, as has been the case for everybody, have gone up. And so that happened sort of I think it was May or June, and then as you know, those sort of charges get capitalized on the balance sheet as part of inventory, and so you don't recognize those until you make sales. So it's a function of turn, which is why we're starting to feel some of those more towards the back half. But that's the reason. 
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude today's conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect. 
Laura Alber: Thank you. Appreciate your support. Happy shopping.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-25 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Jeremy Brooks, Chief Accounting Officer and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Jeremy Brooks: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our first quarter earnings call. I'd like to remind you that during this call, we will make forward-looking statements with respect to future events and financial performance, including guidance for fiscal '22 and our long-term outlook. Although we believe these statements reflect our best estimates and all available information, we cannot make any assurances that these statements will materialize, and actual results may differ significantly from our expectations. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any of these statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after today's call.
 Additionally, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. These measures should not be considered replacements for and should be read together with our GAAP results. A reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, along with an explanation of how and why we use these measures, appears in Exhibit 1 to the press release we issued earlier today. This call should also be considered in conjunction with our periodic and annual filings with the SEC.
 Finally, the call is being recorded, and a replay will be available on our Investor Relations website.
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer. 
Laura Alber: Thanks, Jeremy. Good afternoon, everyone. We've been looking forward to this release. The first quarter of fiscal '22 represented another quarter of outperformance with a 9.5% comp on the top line with both demand and net sales in line with each other and 19.5% growth on the bottom line to $3.50 per share. 
 These results continue to demonstrate the strength of our multibrand portfolio and our team's ability to navigate challenges and outperform. These results are even more impressive when considering that we were up against last year's strong performance with a comp of more than 40%. We are confident in our annual guidance and longer-term goal of $10 billion in revenues by 2024 with growth across our core businesses and within our B2B, marketplace and global initiatives.
 Understanding our industry is key to putting our outstanding results in perspective. We operate in a large and fragmented industry that generates more than half of its sales from smaller brick-and-mortar retailers that do not have sophisticated e-commerce capabilities. We are one of the strongest market players, and we believe we have an opportunity to capture more of this $830 billion total addressable market. Our revenues in FY '21 of $8.2 billion represented just about 1% of the opportunity, and we continue to prove our ability to incrementally capture share.
 The current economic environment is challenging, but the housing market remains strong. Hybrid work means people will continue to spend more time in their homes, and the rising costs related to gas and travel have historically led people to stay at home to cook and entertain. We believe that these 3 trends will result in continued momentum to outfit and improve the home. And as a company, we are prepared to manage through economic uncertainty. We are a multichannel portfolio of brands with a management team that has expertise and experience in managing through historical times of economic challenge.
 Another large point of change in our industry is the movement of the consumer to purchase online. Further compounding this trend is the arrival of the millennial generation to the household creation stage. In an industry occupied by companies who are behind in developing their digital experiences and capabilities and pure plays that don't have experience running stores, we believe we are well positioned as a digital-first but not digital-only company.
 These macro trends are perfectly aligned with our key differentiators. Our customers continue to look for us and turn to us for our exclusive, inspirational and high-quality products that we are able to value-engineer because of our in-house design capabilities. The benefits of our in-house design capabilities extend far beyond physical product design. We've also been able to design our own supply chain efficiencies and proprietary technology that allowed us -- has allowed our business to be resilient.
 Our channel strategy provides a competitive edge in scaling the business into the future compared to both retail and marketplace-only players. And of course, our values, which are deeply rooted in sustainability, diversity, equity and inclusion, are embedded in our products and central in our actions. These principles will continue to be fundamental to our customers, who have shown us they will use their disposable income and purchasing power to support what is important to them. In fact, in a recent survey released in April, more than half of consumers said they're willing to pay a premium for sustainable products.
 All of this, combined with our growth strategies, not only provide for sizable opportunities to grow our core business but also to drive momentum in reaching new customers, geographies and industries. This expansion and diversification of our customer base presents many exciting opportunities to deliver solutions for underserved markets.
 Our B2B business had its largest quarter ever, driving almost $250 million in demand and increasing 53% over last year. We are winning in the space by leaning into our best-in-class in-house product design capabilities to develop products specifically for large contract projects. This, along with the continued expansion of our client base is not only growing our book of business but also allowing us to focus on a wide breadth of client types and industry verticals.
 For instance, in the hospitality industry, we continue to establish ourselves as a trusted partner in the large project space, including recent installs at Marriott's new headquarter hotel. In terms of B2B recognition, in April, we won an award for the Best Booth at the Hospitality Design Expo, which is North America's largest hospitality-focused trade show. Heading into Q2, this business has strong momentum and energy.
 Turning to marketing. We are pleased with the performance of our investments. This quarter, we delivered strong top line growth while leveraging our advertising spend. Key drivers of this efficiency include our proprietary in-house platform, which gives us the ability to identify customers who are in the market for home furnishings and ensures we are optimizing the spend per customer through our loyalty program and our cross-brand marketing.
 On the digital front, during the quarter, we focused our efforts on 2 main areas: improving the conversion funnel throughout the customer journey and driving our AUR with enhanced product recommendation functionality and an improved furniture shopping experience.
 On the sustainability front, our ESG leadership continues to distinguish our brands individually and our company as a whole. We are well on our way in our expanded cross-brand commitment to plant 6 million trees through 2023 in partnership with the Arbor Day Foundation.
 Also, we launched an internal award for sustainable innovation. It's called the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Good By Design Changemaker. This award celebrates associates doing great things across the company in sustainability. And we were recognized for the fifth year as a REPREVE Champion of Sustainability for the use of recycled materials.
 Now I'd like to talk about our global business. We continue our franchise-first strategy, focusing on both retail and digital execution. We are building our franchise presence in markets like the Middle East with 3 new stores opening in Dubai during the quarter and with more global stores coming in 2022.
 Before we get into the brands, I want to take a minute to talk about the supply chain, where we continue to experience delays, challenges and additional costs across our network. We continue to navigate through challenging starts and stops from COVID-related pressures and shortages of raw materials and labor. Nonetheless, we are focused on meeting the expectations of our customers, and we are pleased that our customer satisfaction scores remain high and that we are beginning to see some improvement with in-stock inventory across our brands.
 And now let's turn to the performance of our brands that comprise our portfolio. Pottery Barn delivered another high-performance quarter with a comp of 14.6% on top of 41.3% last year or 55.9% on a 2-year basis. All channels and product categories contributed to driving incremental demand. Our high-quality proprietary furniture business continues to lead the growth. We see strength across the business in core product, new offerings and our seasonal inventories.
 In our stores, we see particular strength in our design services. As we move to Q2 and the summer season, we have further extended these services into outdoor spaces, and our newly remodeled stores continue to outperform expectations with a reimagined store design that has expanded the footprint for displaying lifestyle furniture in store.
 Moving to West Elm. West Elm delivered a 12.8% comp in the first quarter on top of 50.9% last year or 63.7% on a 2-year basis. Growth in the quarter was driven by strong performance in furniture. Customers responded to new collections and line extensions and incremental sizes and aesthetics. Additionally, new categories such as kids and bath are also fueling incremental growth.
 Looking forward to Q2, we are particularly excited to launch our expanded B2B West Elm assortment and customer experience, specifically servicing the many small- and medium-sized businesses in the U.S. We are uniquely positioned to offer a broad assortment of full space, performance-led design solutions directly to these customers. This is an important initiative in our long-term strategy to capture additional growth to become a $3 billion brand. 
 Now I'd like to update you on our Pottery Barn Kids and Teen business. In our Q4 call, we talked about the challenges in our children's business driven by supply chain pressure out of Vietnam. This continued into Q1, and the brands ran a negative 3.1% comp. We have seen recovery in inventory in the business. However, our back orders remain at significant levels, and our back order rates -- our creation rates are still higher than last year. As we look to the balance of the year, we expect to see recovery in inventory levels in the back half.
 Also impacted by out-of-stocks is our Williams-Sonoma brand with a fourth quarter comp of negative 2.2% following a 35.3% comp last year. Unfortunately, these out-of-stocks were in some key programs that had an outsized impact on our exclusive products. On a 3-year basis, on-hand inventories are down almost 40% in Williams-Sonoma on sales growth of 30%. We are focused on getting more in stock, and we believe we will see the recovery before Q4.
 As part of the Williams-Sonoma brand, our Williams-Sonoma Home business ran a high double-digit comp this quarter and continues to be an opportunity. Given the strength of the Williams-Sonoma brand name, our expertise in the furniture category and the clear opportunity in the high-end home market, we believe that Williams-Sonoma Home is destined to be a product leader of distinctive, design-led, high-quality furnishing.
 And finally, let's not forget about our emerging brands, which include Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham. Together, these businesses ran a 31% comp this quarter, and they continue to outperform. We are confident in these brands and their ability to contribute to the long-term growth of our company. In fact, we believe Rejuvenation, which is on track to generate more than $200 million in revenue this year, has the potential to be our next $1 billion brand.
 In summary, we are proud of our continued outperformance. As we look to the balance of the year, we remain confident and committed to our guidance of mid- to high single-digit comps with operating margins relatively aligned to fiscal '21. We have a solid lineup of growth initiatives and operational improvements planned for the balance of the year. And as we look further, we are confident in our path to be a $10 billion company by 2024.
 Before I pass the call to Julie to go through the financials in more detail, I want to thank our customers, our employees and our shareholders. We are committed to delivering for all of our stakeholders. 
 And with that, I'd like to turn the call to Julie. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura, and hello, everyone. We are pleased to report another quarter of outstanding financial results with strong top line growth at record profitability levels, including revenue comps of 9.5%, operating margins expanding 120 basis points to 17.1% with gross margin expanding 80 basis points and EPS growing 19.5% to $3.50. 
 Our results are even more impressive considering we were up against our strongest year-over-year compare, and we outperformed against the backdrop of ongoing macro volatility, including continued global supply chain pressures, rising inflation, increasing interest rates and the continued evolution of consumer spending in a post-pandemic world. Our results further validate the demand for our proprietary and sustainable products, the success of our growth strategies and the efficiencies of our operating model, highlighting why we believe we are best positioned to succeed in the short and long term with strong profitable growth. 
 Moving to our first quarter results in more detail. Net revenues grew to nearly $1.9 billion with comparable brand revenue growth at 9.5%, which was in line with our demand comp. And this growth was on top of a 40.4% comp last year for a 2-year stack of 50%. These strong top line results actualized in both channels, including retail at a 14.4% comp, which was an 82.1% 2-year stack despite retail traffic still negative 20% to pre-pandemic levels in 2019. And in e-commerce, we delivered a 7.3% comp on top of a 30.6% comp last year, maintaining our e-commerce mix as a percent of total revenues at 65%.
 Moving down the income statement. Gross margin came in at a record 43.8%, an 80 basis point expansion over last year, driven primarily by the strength of our merchandise margins where we're able to continue to preserve our pricing integrity without utilizing site-wide promotions. The demand for our full-priced products once again allowed us to more than offset higher product and freight costs while still delivering record margins and strong top line sales.
 Occupancy costs came in at 9.9% of net revenues and leveraged 20 basis points, resulting from another quarter of higher sales and lower occupancy dollar growth. Occupancy dollars increased 6.1% to approximately $186 million, which includes the incremental costs from our new East Coast distribution center to support our strong customer demand as well as higher depreciation costs primarily from our capital expenditures to support our e-commerce business. All of this was partially offset by our ongoing retail optimization actions. The occupancy benefits we are seeing from our rent renegotiations and the incremental net closure of 37 stores at the end of 2021 has enabled us to minimize occupancy dollar growth and deliver this leverage.
 Our SG&A rate was a first quarter low of 26.7%, leveraging 40 basis points over last year, driven primarily by employment and advertising. This leverage was a function of our strong top line performance and operational efficiencies, holding our payroll costs, advertising and general expense growth below sales growth. We are proud of the disciplined culture we have built, which demands efficiency and returns from our spend.
 These results led to our most profitable Q1 ever with operating income growth of 16% to $323 million and an operating margin at 17.1%, our highest non-holiday quarter ever, expanding 120 basis points over last year. This resulted in diluted earnings per share of $3.50, up 19.5% from last year's record first quarter earnings per share of $2.93. 
 On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with strong liquidity levels with a cash balance of $325 million and no debt outstanding. Our strong liquidity and operating cash flow of almost $185 million during the quarter allowed us to not only fund the operations of the business but to also invest in the business at higher year-over-year levels in the form of $71 million in capital expenditures to pay incremental dividends increasing to over $58 million in the quarter and to repurchase a record $500 million in shares, a 60% year-over-year first quarter increase off of a prior year high.
 These decisions reflect our commitment to maximizing returns for our shareholders. And with our strong and disciplined balance sheet, combined with our expected cash flow strength and our remaining over $1 billion share repurchase authorization, this allows us the flexibility to continue to opportunistically invest in our own stock and drive long-term shareholder returns.
 Moving down the balance sheet. Merchandise inventories, which include in-transit inventory, were $1,396,000,000, increasing 28.4% over depressed levels last year. Inventory on hand increased 17.7% over last year. And our units were only up 1% year-over-year, which primarily reflects the mix shift to higher AUR furniture inventory. And on a 3-year basis, our on-hand inventory was down nearly 7% to 2019 pre-pandemic levels as compared to sales that have grown over 50% over the same time frame. 
 As a result, given our ongoing higher sales volumes, our continued elevated back order levels and the significant macro supply chain disruptions we are still experiencing, we are still below optimal levels, particularly in our best-selling back-ordered items. And we expect this to continue into the back half of 2022.
 Now let me turn to our expectations for the rest of the year and beyond. We remain optimistic in the long-term outlook of the business. As a result, we are reiterating our financial outlook of mid- to high single-digit revenue growth with operating margins relatively in line with 2021. We are confident in our ability to deliver our revenue outlook given the strength of our business year-to-date, the momentum in our growth initiatives such as B2B and our expected sequential improvement in our in-stock inventory levels, enabling us to fill our significant back orders and recognize net revenue and potentially at a higher comp than demand even if demand were to soften as we move throughout the year.
 From a profitability perspective, we remain confident in our ability to hold our operating margins relatively in line with 2021 despite expected ongoing cost pressures. Like everyone else, we are experiencing higher product costs and supply chain-related costs, including higher freight, and incremental distribution center costs for additional space to support our overall growth and our ongoing mix shift to furniture that is a larger cube.
 We are also experiencing higher costs to best serve our customers to get product to them as timely as possible by shipping product from out-of-market distribution centers. And for multiunit orders, we are shipping multiple times to the same customer, which typically would have all been done in one shipment * and an incremental cost to us. 
 However, because of the power of our operating model, we believe we are best positioned to mitigate these costs in both the short and long term, whether it is the leverage from our higher sales on our path to $10 billion; the accelerating expansion of our highly accretive growth initiatives such as B2B; the growth of our e-commerce business, which operates at a higher margin profile; our strong merchandise margins from the pricing power our proprietary and vertically integrated products provide; our retail optimization efforts, reducing rents and other efficiencies to drive margins more in line with e-commerce; various supply chain efficiencies, including automation and in-stock inventory levels over time; and our continued emphasis on strong financial discipline.
 We continue to believe the combination of all of these opportunities provides several levers we can utilize to drive incremental earnings to offset higher costs. And this is what gives us the confidence to hold our operating margins relatively in line with last year. 
 In summary, we are pleased with our outperformance this quarter. These results further validate that our key differentiators, our incremental growth strategies and our proven operational execution, combined with an environment where consumers are investing more in their homes, are shifting increasingly online and are prioritizing value and sustainability in their purchases now more than ever before, leave us uniquely positioned to continue to take market share and profitably in this evolving macro environment.
 And this, combined with our strong operating cash flow and liquidity, our operational levers that enable us to help mitigate incremental costs, along with a proven track record of strong financial discipline and a tenured management team with a winning culture, give us the confidence to reiterate our accelerated long-term growth and profitability outlook of $10 billion in revenues by 2024 with operating margins relatively in line with last year and to drive strong financial returns for our shareholders.
 Finally, I would like to thank our associates for all that they do to make our company great. The commitment, creativity and integrity of our talent is the backbone for the results we continue to deliver.
 And now I'd like to open the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. 
Seth Basham: Congrats on a set of great results. My question is on the demand outlook. Are you seeing any slowdown in demand as you look into the second quarter here? And how are you considering the demand comp relative to sales comp for the balance of the year? 
Julie Whalen: Seth, it's Julie. As far as the -- I mean, first of all, the first quarter, we certainly haven't seen it. You could see it in our results with a 9.5% comp on top of the 40% last year with a 50% 2-year stack, and we said that demand is in line with that. When we're talking about the second quarter, I mean, we're really only 3 weeks into the quarter. It's super early. But we have seen some short-term moderation in demand sales within our portfolio of brands, but nothing to the degree that we're hearing others reporting out there at all. 
 And remember, from a net perspective or our actual reported results, we have seen and expect to continue to see sequential improvement in our in-stock inventory levels, enabling us to fill significant back orders and recognize net revenue even if demand were to wane as we move throughout the year. So this, of course, combined with, as we said, our key differentiators, our incremental growth strategies and our operational execution, make us best positioned to outperform even in an evolving macro environment. 
Seth Basham: Okay. And just to reframe the question, thinking about that delta between demand and sales comps, how much would demand have to slow for you to come in at the low end of your guidance? 
Julie Whalen: We haven't disclosed that. But I think, obviously, we have said many times that we have significant amount of backlog that gives us the confidence to move throughout the year to be able to hit our guidance on the year. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Adrienne Yih with Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Julie, congratulations on really remarkable results. Laura, so here's -- I guess here is where the macro and kind of your results don't kind of mesh. A couple of days ago, sales of new homes were down about 17% in April, rising prices, higher mortgage rates, et cetera. How do you put what's happening with the overall kind of like the big macro backdrop with your results? And I know that you did -- you went over several things. But is it the millennials that are continuing that home buying where you have really that touch point? And what do you look for in order to see whether the macro might ultimately impact you? 
Laura Alber: That's a good question because on my desk today, I got a report from Google with some, I think, pretty fresh data. And here are some interesting stats. Nearly 40% of Americans are pondering a move in 2022, and most hope to buy. The desire for more space is the #1 reason Americans plan to move. Others have certain features in mind. Those features include outdoor space and a large kitchen, also pet friendly, which is really consistent with what we do in all of our brands with the casual lifestyle that we show. 
 And so there's all sorts of different pieces about the macro you can read negatively. And then there's things like this and the reality that I said in the prepared remarks about people working from home, people learn how to cook. They care more about their homes. They have invested. And now they're moving. They want to move. And when you talk to -- we talked to New York about this, talked to many people. Most people are planning a remodel, or they're planning to move, and that drives our sales more than anything else.
 And as we also know, the market is so fractured. Let's say I'm wrong and the housing comes in a little -- there's still a lot of room to pick up share because we are so small -- even though we're the leader, we're still so small relative to the total addressable market. And so I just -- I really believe that with our differentiators, which make us really unique, and that, combined with our growth initiatives, they are not just a plan, but you see them actualize. You see us prove it. Now many quarters in a row despite what others might think, we keep proving that we have a big runway on these initiatives. Now those are all things that are really in our favor right now and very real. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Okay. And then for Julie, always helping to shape the near-end quarter, the quarter that we're in, 2Q. I know you gave sort of long, long-term LRP guidance and then for the year. But how should we think about kind of the trends, the momentum continuing into May? How should we think about gross margin? Should we just think of Q2 as a continuum of what we're seeing here today in Q1? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. I mean obviously, we're not providing quarterly guidance. But we would say, as we've said before, you need to kind of stick within our band range on the top line that we've said for the year. I would say on the gross margin line, certainly, there could be pressure from supply chain costs that we've been experiencing, like everybody else has. But we're committed on the year to hitting our operating margin relatively in line with 2021, which, as a reminder, is more than 2x where it was 2 years ago. So we feel really good about that. And obviously, we've proven that we can do that with this quarter's results being up 120 basis points. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Chuck Grom with Gordon Haskett. 
Charles Grom: Congrats on a really tremendous quarter. I just wanted to follow up on Seth's question on the slowing demand comp. Curious when that began in the quarter. And we heard from a lot of retailers that business started to slow in the middle of March. And I know that started for you at that point in time. And I guess curious if it happened across all 4 banners equally or if it was with the PB and West Elm parts of the business where the tickets are greater. 
Julie Whalen: Yes. So I mean I guess I wouldn't read too much into it. As I said before, it's been 3 weeks into the second quarter. Clearly, with our performance in Q1 and the demand in line with net, we don't really see it in Q1. And Q2, it's 3 weeks in. And so I specifically said that it's within our portfolio of brands, so it's not necessarily across all. And we've seen things improve as well. So it's just -- it's very short term, this moderation we have seen. And at the end of the day, because of our net bill and B2B and everything else that we have going from our growth initiatives perspective, we feel very confident in our outlook for the year. 
Charles Grom: Okay. Great. And just a quick follow-up would be you've had great success raising prices over the past 12 to 24 months. When we look at recent trends and more particularly demand trends, is there any pushback on higher prices, any demand destruction? It doesn't sound like it, but we're hearing that from other retailers. And I didn't know if you were saying it so far. 
Julie Whalen: No, we haven't seen it. I mean furniture is our biggest growth vehicle. Furniture has been very, very good for us. And so you would think that if there was a problem with big ticket or higher prices or things like that, we'd see that coming down, and we have not. That merch has been very strong for us. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Cristina Fernndez with the Telsey Advisory Group. 
Cristina Fernandez: Congratulations also on a really great result. I wanted to ask about promotions. And it definitely looks like a lot of retailers either are starting to get more promotional or expect to be as the year progresses. What is your stance in case -- in the event the industry gets more promotional? 
Laura Alber: Thanks, Cristina. It's Lauren. We've definitely seen more promotional environments, especially as you heard about the general softness out there. And it really hasn't changed our stance at all, as you can see by the results we just put up. We made a strategic decision not to do site-wide promotions, and that has not changed. And you can see from pre-pandemic to now, we are a much more profitable business. And this is a structural change for us and one that we continue to see opportunity in once we get out of the supply chain costly year that we're in. There's a lot of things that we expect to have the improvements to our operations, not this year, but into the future. 
 And so we are always looking at turning our inventory, being better at inventory accuracy and getting rid of slow movers. And you're going to constantly see us package those things up and make them really appealing to our customers. So it's very different than wholesale price reductions across the board that you see many using right now. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Jason Haas with Bank of America. 
Jason Haas: The first is just on a definition question. When you say that demand and net sales were in line with each other, are you referring to the dollar amount? Or is that also the growth rates were in line with each other? 
Julie Whalen: Relatively one and the same. But yes, I mean, I would focus on the growth rate, but if the growth rates are the same, then the demand -- I mean, the dollars have to be close as well. Yes. 
Jason Haas: Got it. That's helpful. That makes sense. That's what I thought. In terms of -- I wanted to dig into the advertising expense a little bit. I think there was a point of deleverage through last year and I think in 4Q as well. And I know you called it out as a point of leverage now. So I'm curious, what are you changing there that's different there to drive that leverage? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. I think if you recall, last year, we were basically getting our advertising dollars back to the level they were previously. So in 2020, it was one of the big drivers for cost cuts as we are moving throughout that year. And so as we said all throughout 2021 that we are investing back into advertising for the future, long-term health of the business. And so last year was more of a year of deleverage. 
 And now that we've sort of lapped that, we now are back to more normalized levels of advertising, and we're very happy to see that we were able to generate leverage with the top line sales and our philosophy of ROI on advertising spend. We don't spend advertising to go get customer counts or traffic numbers or -- we do advertising to get a return because we think that's the right thing to do. And so that's what we generated this quarter. 
Laura Alber: I'd just say also, as a portfolio of brands, we have a big advantage because we're bidding as one. We're not bidding separately. And also, we're looking at what works in one brand and applying it to the other. And that's a huge advantage as a multibrand company that we have. 
 Felix, do you want to -- I know we just stole your thunder. We're so excited about marketing. Do you want to add to what Julie and I already said? 
Felix Carbullido: No, I think Julie is right. I mean everything we do is ROI-focused. And so when we see the return on investment, even if advertising costs go up, if we see AUR increases and dollars per customer increase, exceed that, we'll invest. So we have that ability to throttle given the business conditions because we manage it in-house and because we're all committed to the op margin growth. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Max Rakhlenko with Cowen and Company. 
Maksim Rakhlenko: So first, just if the industry were to slow, what are some tools and strategies that you have to play offense? And then what are some of those initiatives that you alluded to in your prepared remarks? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. So I mean from a leverage perspective, in a downturn, I think, first of all, we just went through this at the beginning of the pandemic. We've all been through it in '08 and '09. And thankfully, we have a lot of the same management team that's here, so we know how to do it. Hopefully, we're not in that situation. Certainly, we're not seeing anything close to that situation today. But we know how to pull back on expenses. We know how to cut inventory, capital, advertising, put a cease to all discretionary spend. 
 On the flip side, to your point about being on the offense, as we're seeing other folks not have the same results as us and here we are with these incredible results and we're seeing that momentum continue, there's lots of opportunities there. I mean advertising is one example where people are pulling out from advertising. That could be an interesting play for us to play. But it really depends. Obviously, it's confidential as to what we want to -- what levers we can pull. But certainly, we can if we're generating the cash flow and the earnings that we are. 
Laura Alber: And then in terms of supply chain efficiencies, I think you asked that question as well as your second piece. So there's a lot of things that are getting better. They're still not where they should be. I do want to bring up a couple. So our Sutter Street upholstery operation has cut its lead time down in half from where it was last year. It's still too high, frankly, but we have the best custom quote times, I believe, in the market right now. 
 In-stock improvement, less out of market, less duplicate shipping, reduction in damages, return rates, utilization of hubs, retail stores to drive efficiencies. I think we talked about this year, we've told you we're putting together -- we're opening a new Arizona distribution center. And we'll have more automation there. That should give us some efficiencies. And eventual reduction of shipping costs in general and reduction of the cost I brought up before of customer accommodations because we've been, and unfortunately, in some cases, with the Vietnam slowdown, so embarrassingly having to tell a customer 1 or 2 or 3x even that their delivery is delayed because of all the problems that we've had due to COVID in some of those countries. 
 So it just begins the list of things I think about when you ask me about efficiencies into the future. And I'm excited when I hear about these opportunities because it means we can do better, and that's our mantra, is to just make it better. 
Maksim Rakhlenko: Great. That's helpful. And just very quickly, I don't know if I missed it, but did you call out how your cancel rates are trending? And then I imagine that you check a lot of your competitors, but how do you rate how your lead times are today versus some of your top peers? 
Julie Whalen: As far as cancel rates, they're really low. I mean we haven't seen much movement from week to week, thankfully. I mean the customer is obviously voting with their wallet and they're willing to stay on and work with us to get the product that they want. And so we haven't seen that change at all. 
 I don't know if you want to talk about the lead times. 
Laura Alber: Lead times. I mentioned the upholstery. It looks like we're significantly lower. Most people have about 100 days. On the other things -- and we have so many different brands, product lines. I can answer on one but not on all of them, so I'll hesitate to say what it is specifically other than it seems based on what the customers are telling us that we're faster. And exciting, we have some new tools that allow us to see what's in stock across brands. 
 Yasir, do you want to comment about that? 
Yasir Anwar: Yes. I think we've been continuously working on this opportunity of the challenges that we are seeing in inventory. And we have built our in-house, cross-brand, product finding tool that allows us to serve the customers even upfront, especially in the B2B channel. But also when there are situations whether there are gaps and delays, we can quickly find across the brand the right product the customer needs for their design, and it is turning out to be a very, very strong, powerful tool for us. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Oliver Wintermantel with Evercore ISI. 
Oliver Wintermantel: Yes. I had a question regarding the divergence between the Williams-Sonoma and Pottery Barn Kids and Teens versus Pottery Barn and West Elm. Is that -- in your prepared remarks, you said it was out-of-stocks or you don't have enough inventory. Were these the only drivers for the divergence there? And when do you expect that to be getting better? And then on top of that is then would you expect Pottery Barn and West Elm to slow down in the second half? Or could we see then you being at the upper end of the spectrum of your guidance if that Williams-Sonoma and Pottery Barn teen and Kids improves? 
Laura Alber: Well, Oliver, I wish I had the crystal ball. We're confident in our guidance is what I'll say again, like Julie has said. In terms of our portfolio of brands, they serve sometimes similar markets but often different and -- life stages and product types. The product types that Kids and Teen serves were allotment -- many more were from Vietnam, unfortunately, furniture, and big backbone of that business is the furniture. And we all know what happened in Vietnam with the full shutdown. 
 So it's been the one that has had the most out-of-stocks, the highest back orders, still continues to have the highest back order create rates versus Pottery Barn and West Elm have seen more recovery in their inventory. You can measure that by all the numbers we look at. And so that's been an advantage to them. 
 And then Williams-Sonoma is in a totally different business: kitchenware, housewares, furniture. So they don't have the benefit of the strong furniture trend that we have. And as I said earlier, they had some out-of-stocks that were pretty unfortunate. And unfortunately, they affected the amount of exclusives that we presented to the customer, which is a big part of our strategy. You've heard us talk about that before. And I'm optimistic that we are going to get them in this year before holiday. 
 Kids and Teen, I think it's going to be sooner than that. But I've predicted this before, and unfortunately, I've been wrong because you think you get one thing fixed and you have another problem happen in the supply chain. So it's good to have a portfolio of brands to produce results, and we are on top of the details. But in terms of the second half, that would be my best estimate. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Peter Benedict with Baird. 
Peter Benedict: I want to talk a little bit about the -- to ask you about the B2B business. It looks like it was probably over 60% of your growth in the first quarter. So incredibly robust. Can you help us maybe break down the future opportunity you see there? I know you expect to double it, I think, in the next 3 years, so another $750 million or so in revenue. Kind of where is that coming from? And I guess the real question is if -- is that less exposed to, let's say, the macro concerns that people have in the market right now around consumer spending and housing and all these types of things? Is that a business that you think can kind of be, I guess, a bit acyclical over the next few years? 
Laura Alber: Yes. It's great. It's a different customer. And the slowdown of the building and the pandemic means there's a backlog of all this. Remember they build, then they furnish. So there's, I think, more opportunity even now than there was. And we write estimates. We see our book. Our business is very strong. We haven't seen a slowdown. A big win for us. Clearly, one of our differentiators even if it's a more challenging environment in the future. 
 And so it's across multiple verticals. We've told you that. We're excited because we're designing for people products that are specific to their needs, and then we're finding that those are just great wins for even consumer. So it's a really interesting innovator also of new product wins. 
 And it's interesting also, it's becoming a real -- first, this is just an idea, and now it's big business. People are starting to take notice of it. And it's a really a source of confidence. Furniture is everywhere. It's not just in your home. And we're going to continue to invest in this white space, and we're winning awards. And we're building this business, and it's a competitive advantage. 
Peter Benedict: Absolutely. It sounds like -- and I know you guys asked only one question, but everyone seems to be asking 2. So I'll just throw one in. Can you give us a sense for how many shares you bought back in the quarter with that $500 million? 
Julie Whalen: I think that will be in the Q when we release the Q. So we'll give it to you then. But certainly, it was, as I said in my prepared remarks, that it's up 60% off of last year's all-time high. So it is considerable amount of shares that we bought. And we believe wholeheartedly, obviously, in the strength of our business and believe certainly that we're at a level of our stock price that we shouldn't be at. And so we're going to continue to opportunistically invest in our own company. 
Operator: And moving on to Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. 
Simeon Gutman: My question is on ticket. Is there anything that's surprising you? Or maybe the spread between ticket and unit, is it widening? And then it sounds like given that there's higher costs coming into the system that maybe even higher prices maybe by the back half of the year. So how do you kind of weigh that trade-off with -- look, maybe macro headwinds or maybe not, but it feels like prices probably go even higher in the back half. And you're reiterating your guide, but curious how that fits into it. 
Laura Alber: A couple of things. First of all, it's not just about ticket of one thing. It's about our mix of business, right? So we are growing our furniture business, which has a higher ticket. And that's where our growth is coming versus the small business. So that is going to continue to be an interesting dynamic as we think about these things. So I don't think worrying about that as just an inflationary issue is the right way to think about it because I know that it's also because we're very deliberately building the world's greatest furniture business. 
 So that's going to mean that ticket goes up. So that's the first. And then Pottery Barn is higher ticket, obviously, than some of our other brands, even higher than -- bed is more expensive than a crib. So if you don't need a crib -- there's so many dynamics underneath ticket as a question. So it's not just as easy as saying it's an inflationary issue. 
 In terms of pricing, I mean, the first thing is we just we beat the op margin substantially. We're not guiding that beat through the balance of this year, okay? So that's because we know there's additional costs that are coming through the balance of this year. So it's not that we're raising prices. It's that we don't expect to be by -- how much we'd be by, Julie? 
Julie Whalen: 120 basis points. 
Laura Alber: 120 basis points. We said we're going to be in line for the balance of the year. 
Simeon Gutman: Fair enough. If I can sneak in my first follow-up question, outdoor and seasonal, is anything deferred, whether because it's coming in late or because the weather didn't break? And how do you plan that category? 
Laura Alber: I mean there's no specific weather pattern that I've ever seen, frankly, impact us. But versus last year, of course, coming out of COVID or because we're still in COVID, we sold it earlier. And so we're back at a more normalized curve for outdoor that's later in the season, which is actually a really good thing. We have a year-round business, so it's not a business that we just have during the summertime, and that also helps us with stability of inventory. But outdoor business is a very strong business for us. It's one where we continue to gain market share and push our assortments and have better product and better marketing. And it's a real growth vehicle for us. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Matuszewski with Jefferies. 
Jonathan Matuszewski: Laura, Julie, great results. A follow-up question about a scenario of the economy slowing. Could you remind us how much of your COGS and SG&A could flex the fixed and variable split for both, if you could share? 
Julie Whalen: We've never really disclosed that. And I guess what I would say, what we've learned is nothing is fixed. If you're depending on the environment, we go after it all, and we've been very successful at that. So it's kind of irrelevant for us. We've been very successful going after it. 
Laura Alber: Remember, if prices come down, costs come down, too, from our vendors. 
Jonathan Matuszewski: Okay. And just a quick follow-up on B2B. A lot of traction there. Any sense of how much of your business on B2B has been driven by repeat engagements? Presumably, if you've done a hotel or a satellite office for one hospitality or corporate client, how often does that translate into a future project? Trying to get a sense of how much of this is relationship-driven or would be open to kind of recurring competitive bidding. 
Julie Whalen: Yes. So that piece of the business is growing. But we still have a lot of small projects, too. We love both. So teasing it out that way. I don't think there's anything really to that yet other than to say that we're building this more consistent annuity business, and that will get more and more stable as we grow. 
Operator: And moving on to Steven Zaccone with Citi. 
Steven Zaccone: Great. I wanted to follow up on Simeon's question. So you referenced inventory on hand was up 17%, and then I think units on hand are up about 1%. Is that spread a good proxy to think about how much AUR is up? 
Julie Whalen: Not necessarily. It's mix shift. It's pricing. It's all sorts of things that are a combination that make up that delta. But I think the point there is to really think about that we don't have excess inventory like the other companies that have been reporting. We have been very thoughtful about that, and we only have 1% up in units to make the point that the 28% is overstated relative to what we've heard from others. 
Steven Zaccone: Got it. Perfect. The other question, just to follow up, I just want to make sure I understand the messaging correctly. So it sounds like there's some more costs coming online as we think about the balance of the year. Should we interpret that, that gross margin expansion gets a bit more challenging as we go through the year? I'm just trying to understand if that's new or is it just -- this is still a little bit of conservatism that you're factoring in on the gross margin line. 
Julie Whalen: It's possible. I mean certainly, we do have higher costs coming throughout the year. As we've said, we've got higher product costs, higher freight costs. There's costs that we're incurring to have additional distribution space to house the fact that we've got this mix shift to furniture, which is a larger cube. 
 And we're also doing the right thing by our customers. As I said before, we are shipping things to them that are out of market -- from out-of-market distribution centers because we want to get it to them faster. Customer service is critical for us. And we might ship multiple times to a same customer if they've got a multiunit order. And we want to do the right thing by the customer. 
 And so yes, there could be pressures moving through. But at the end of the day, we're committed to obviously doing everything we can to mitigate it as we've done in the past. And we are committed to holding our op margin on the year relatively in line, which, again, is more than 2x where it's been. 
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude the question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: Yes. I just want to thank all of you for your support and interest in our company, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. 
Operator: Well, thank you. That does conclude today's conference. We do thank you for your participation. Have an excellent day.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-03-16 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] 
 I would now like to turn the call over to Jeremy Brooks, Chief Accounting Officer and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Jeremy Brooks: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our fourth quarter and fiscal '21 earnings call. I'd like to remind you that during this call, we will make forward-looking statements with respect to future events and financial performance, including guidance for fiscal '22 and our long-term outlook. Although we believe these statements reflect our best estimates and all available information, we cannot make any assurances that these statements will materialize, and actual results may differ significantly from our expectations. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any of these statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after today's call.  
 Additionally, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. These measures should not be considered replacements for and should be read together with our GAAP results. A reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures along with an explanation of how and why we use these measures appears in Exhibit 1 to the press release we issued earlier today. This call should also be considered in conjunction with our periodic and annual filings with the SEC. 
 Finally, the call is being recorded, and a replay will be available on our Investor Relations website. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer. 
Laura Alber: Thank you, Jeremy. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you all for joining us. We're thrilled to deliver a strong finish to fiscal 2021, driving record results with a Q4 comp of 10.8% and operating margin expansion of 310 basis points. These results reflect the resilience in our business model as we successfully navigated unprecedented challenges within the supply chain, material and labor shortages and capacity limitations from our incredible consumer demand. This resilience, coupled with continued execution in our growth initiatives, fueled an annual comp of 22%, operating margin expansion of 350 basis points, and EPS growth of 64% to $14.85 per share.  
 Our 3 key differentiators, our in-house design, our digital-first channel strategy and our values, continue to provide the framework for execution both in our core business and in our growth areas like B2B, Marketplace, cross-brands and our global business, which excitingly have all gained traction faster than predicted and demonstrate to us that we are well positioned to continue to take share in this industry.  
 First, let's spend some time on our top line performance in the fourth quarter. Throughout fiscal 2021, we continued a deliberate reduction in our site-wide promotional cadence in all of our brands. Instead, we shifted our focus on delivering aspirational and inspirational content, and our customers clearly responded. This pricing power is entirely a function of our differentiated and sustainable product offering that our customers know and love. And further, despite the highly promotional environment in the fourth quarter, we made a conscious decision to maintain this pricing integrity and not pursue incremental top line at the cost of our merchandise margins. In fact, we delivered gross margin expansion of 290 basis points in the quarter. Further, this pricing power has allowed us the flexibility to absorb supply chain costs and aggressively fund marketing efforts.  
 Our bottom line performance in the fourth quarter speaks for itself. We drove operating margin of 21% and a 37% increase in EPS, both of which demonstrate the durability of our earnings power through execution in our core and growth initiatives, which I'm excited to update you on now. 
 Our B2B business continues to outperform, building its book of business to $753 million in 2021. B2B is an underserved and fractured industry as we continue to take share in this white space, servicing businesses that need high-quality, sustainable furnishings at good price points. Furthermore, our in-house design capabilities offering the wide breadth of aesthetics across our brands, coupled with our industry-leading global sourcing and supply chain operations, allows us to take this service to the next level. Our B2B business has tremendous potential to contribute to our results. Our growth targets continue to climb as we unlock new opportunities. And not only is our B2B business model accretive to our gross margin but even more accretive to op margin as a result of the fixed operating costs. We continue to exceed our own expectations for this business. And longer term, we believe this is one of our biggest opportunities.  
 Another contributor to our success has been our global strategy. We're franchise first with strong retail and digital execution. During 2021, global achieved record revenue up 23% over last year with strong earnings growth. Core company-owned markets of Canada and U.K. achieved record results for the year and the quarter. Franchise continues to be a growth vehicle with the critical markets of the Middle East, Mexico and India providing a large diverse growth base. With our systems investment in our new digital platform and large cost reductions in warehousing, transportation and delivery, we expect to exceed our record results in 2022.  
 Marketing is another component that sets us apart and drove results in FY '21. Customers who shop across our brands generate 3 to 4x more revenue than the single brand customer. And we've seen incredible results this past year due to our continued marketing efforts. In fiscal '21, approximately 60% of our sales came from cross-brand customers, a record high in terms of percent to total. And our cross-brand customer counts grew faster than those of the single-brand customer. 
 While new customer acquisition is always a priority and continues to grow, we believe we have even more upside by increasing our share of wallet with our existing customer base. Core to this strategy are 3 things. First, our cross-brand loyalty program, The Key. We continue to see record levels of customer engagement and an all-time high membership. Second, our recently launched cross-brand credit card. This card reached its 6-month anniversary, producing cardholder spend and cross-brand activity that has exceeded our expectations. And third, we are focused on personalization efforts in our digital marketing. We continue to leverage our in-house managed first-party data across our brands, which positions us for the cookieless future that is rapidly approaching. Remember, our multifaceted loyalty program generates benefits across our portfolio and is a clear competitive advantage a few of our peers offer.  
 As a digital-first company, we are in constant pursuit of incremental improvement to our customers' shopping journey online. We've improved several product finding and purchasing experiences on our website, from improved room styling, native registry applications and the removal of friction in the checkout process. Additionally, we relentlessly focus on continued optimization and automation in our DCs and logistics networks to improve our service time.  
 On the sustainability front, we take great pride in the progress we are making with our impact initiatives and ESG leadership across the home furnishings industry. Notable accomplishments in this quarter included our second annual inclusion in Bloomberg's Gender-Equality Index, being recognized as #21 on Barron's 100 Most Sustainable Companies, and receiving an A rating from CDP for leadership in supplier engagement and our work with suppliers on tackling climate change. These commitments are reflected in the high-quality sustainable products that we offer our customers and continue to distinguish our company and our brands.  
 Our values are both central in our actions and embedded in our products. We always want to provide our customers with transparency. And each day, we commit ourselves to maintaining the highest level of integrity and ethical standards. We are deeply saddened by the war in Ukraine, and we stand with Ukrainians and all people who oppose war and its atrocities on family and the home. Related to product and business with Russia, we have no operations in Russia. And as the situation between Russia and Ukraine escalated, our team identified a handful of products of Russian origin, which we are no longer selling.  
 And now let's turn to the performance of our brands. West Elm delivered an 18.3% comp in the fourth quarter with all categories driving strong growth. Customers responded well to new products, including bestsellers in bedroom, dining, storage and occasional categories. Additionally, new categories such as bath, kids and kitchen also contributed to incremental growth. On the full year, West Elm delivered a comp of 33.1%, building to a 48.3% on a 2-year basis and continuing to build velocity in its mission to become a $3 billion brand.  
 Pottery Barn delivered another high-performance quarter with a 16.2% comp, driven by strong core franchises in key categories. Q4 results were enhanced by a strong seasonal decorating business and inspiring seasonal bedding and entertaining. On the full year, Pottery Barn celebrated a record year with a comp of 23.9%, building to a 39.1% on a 2-year basis. Also, we're delighted to report that Pottery Barn has surpassed the halfway mark on its commitment to plant 3 million trees in 3 years to restore vulnerable forests. Our partner, Arbor Foundation, follows the best practices and the latest science to ensure maximum impact and promote biodiversity. And even better, based on the tremendous success of this program, our other brands have joined the effort, doubling our commitment to planting 6 million trees by 2023. We couple this with commitments to responsibly harvest wood and a robust sustainability story.  
 Now I'd like to talk about Pottery Barn Kids and Teen. As we indicated during our third quarter call, we were not entirely immune to the ripple effect from delays resulting from the supply chain disruption around the world. In particular, the shutdown in related backlogs from Vietnam had a larger impact on our children's home furnishings business, which ran a negative 6.1% comp for the quarter. Unfortunately, we expect to feel this impact at least through the second quarter this year. Despite the supply chain pressure, strength in the business includes our baby business, which is delivering growth through our offering of GREENGUARD Gold furniture, along with additional volume from our in-store and online baby registry. Also, we delivered record results in our seasonal trim business as customers enjoy the holidays. Pottery Barn Kids and Teen delivered a full year comp of 11.6%, building to a 28.2% on a 2-year basis. 
 Our Williams-Sonoma business drove a fourth quarter comp of 4.5% on top of a 26.2% comp last year, with growth driven by demand for entertaining at home and gift-giving. We continue to focus our strategy on expanding our exclusive product and Williams-Sonoma branded product to drive growth. We are pleased with improvements in the digital experience on the website that are driving conversion, and our store optimization strategy is working. Our high-impact store remodels and our market consolidation efforts are driving improved operating margins. On the full year, Williams-Sonoma delivered a comp of 10.5%, building to a 34.3% on a 2-year basis. One of our key components of growth is our Williams-Sonoma Home business. Given the strength of the Williams-Sonoma brand name, our expertise in the furniture category and the clear opportunity in the high-end home market, we believe that Williams-Sonoma Home is one of our biggest growth opportunities.  
 In summary, we're immensely proud of our accomplishments and record results this fiscal year. I am confident that we will continue to raise the bar and extend this momentum in fiscal 2022. So far, in the first quarter, we continue to see strong sales and margins. We have a robust lineup of growth initiatives and operational improvements planned for this year. And as we look further, we are confident in our long-term outlook, driving at least mid- to high single-digit comps with top line growth to $10 billion by 2024 and operating margins relatively in line with fiscal 2021. 
 Before I pass the call to Julie to go through the financials in more detail, I want to thank our entire team for never slowing down. I'm endlessly grateful for their outstanding work, their creative energy and their relentless focus. I am privileged to work alongside this talented group of people. And with that, I'd like to turn the call to Julie. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon, everyone. We are pleased to report another quarter and fiscal year of outstanding financial results with revenues and profits at the highest levels we have seen. The demand for our proprietary products remains strong. Our growth strategies continue to thrive. Our operating model, which is difficult to replicate, continues to set us apart from the competition. And all of these, plus our proven ability to dynamically operate in a complex macro environment, continues to demonstrate that we are well positioned to succeed long term in this industry.  
 Moving to our fourth quarter results in more detail. Net revenues surpassed $2.5 billion with another quarter of double-digit comparable brand revenue growth at 10.8%. These strong top line results were across both channels, including retail at a 20% comp and e-commerce at a 7.2% comp on top of last year's 47.9% for a 55.1% 2-year stack.  
 By brand, West Elm delivered an 18.3% comp on top of 25.2% last year. Pottery Barn accelerated from the third quarter to a 16.2% comp. Williams-Sonoma drove a 4.5% comp on top of last year's 26.2%. And our emerging brands accelerated to a 30.3% comp. In the children's home furnishings businesses, Pottery Barn Kids and Teen, comps were a negative 6.1%. This is below their third quarter year-to-date trend of approximately 20% as these brands were the most impacted during the fourth quarter by the supply chain issues from the COVID-related closure of Vietnam.  
 Moving down the income statement. Gross margin came in at a record 45.0%, a 290 basis point expansion over last year. The strength of our merchandise margins drove almost all or 270 basis points of this expansion. Our strategic decision to preserve our pricing integrity by eliminating site-wide promotions was once again a clear success. This pricing power enabled us to absorb increased freight and product costs while still delivering strong, profitable merchandise sales.  
 Occupancy costs at 7.7% of net revenues leveraged approximately 20 basis points, resulting from another quarter of higher sales and lower occupancy dollar growth. Occupancy dollars increased 6.7% to approximately $193 million, which includes a full quarter of incremental costs from our new East Coast distribution center to further support our customer demand, partially offset by our ongoing retail optimization efforts from additional store closures and reduced rent. In fiscal year '21, we closed an additional 37 stores and are on track to close approximately 25% of our total retail fleet. 
 SG&A also leveraged 20 basis points to a historical low of 24% despite absorbing higher year-over-year advertising costs from our reduced spend last year. Leverage was driven by employment and general expenses, which includes lower incentive compensation during the quarter due to timing and the year-over-year benefit from our ongoing retail recovery, various operational efficiencies during the holiday season and overall strong financial discipline throughout. 
 As a result, we delivered another quarter of record profitability with operating income growth of 28% to $525 million and our highest ever operating margin at 21%, expanding 310 basis points over last year and approximately 500 basis points higher than our last 3 quarters this year. This resulted in diluted earnings per share of $5.42, up 37% from last year's record fourth quarter earnings per share of $3.95. These fourth quarter results, combined with our outperformance we have seen throughout 2021, allowed us to deliver another year of substantial growth and outperformance. 
 On the top line, these full year highlights include an additional $1.5 billion in net revenues, growing to over $8.2 billion, including comparable brand revenue growth of 22% on top of last year's 17% or a 39% 2-year stack; e-commerce growing to a 14.3% comp and a 58.8% 2-year comp with our e-commerce mix at 66% of total revenues; retail growing at a 43.2% comp despite traffic levels at negative 16% to 2019; a second consecutive year of double-digit growth across all brands with significant acceleration across our 2 largest brands, with West Elm at a 33.1% comp, Pottery Barn at a 23.9% comp, Williams-Sonoma at a 10.5% comp on top of last year's 23.8%; our emerging brands, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham combined, delivering another year of accelerating double-digit growth; our global business growing 23% to over $425 million; and our cross-brand initiatives outperforming with our business-to-business division growing 109% to over $750 million in demand and contributing approximately 500 basis points to our total company comp. 
 On the bottom line, this top line strength and strong financial discipline throughout enabled us to grow 2021 operating income to $1.5 billion, over $0.5 billion and 52% higher than last year. Operating margin at 17.7% on the year expanded 350 basis points over last year and was more than 2x higher than our 2019 and prior operating margin levels. This was driven by gross margins expanding to record levels or 500 basis points above last year to 44% despite increased costs associated with supply chain disruptions throughout the year. This operating income strength resulted in EPS of $14.85, which was $5.81 or 64% above last year and drove our return on invested capital to an all-time high at 57.9%. 
 On the balance sheet, we ended the year with strong liquidity levels with a cash balance of $850 million and no debt or amounts outstanding on our line of credit. The strength of our business generated operating cash flow of almost $1.4 billion during fiscal year 2021, which has allowed us to fund the operations of the business, to invest over $225 million in capital expenditures primarily in technology and supply chain, and to return nearly $1.1 billion to shareholders in the form of $188 million in dividends and 900 million in share repurchases. These decisions reflect our confidence in the sustainability of our growth and our commitment to maximizing returns for our shareholders. 
 Moving down the balance sheet. Merchandise inventories were $1.246 billion, increasing 24% over last year, which includes inventory in transit. Inventory on hand increased 14.8% but was still negative 13% on a 2-year basis. Given the significant macro supply chain disruptions throughout the year and the ongoing strong customer demand, we are still below optimal levels. As a result, we expect to see elevated back order levels continue until the back half of 2022. 
 Now let me turn to our expectations for the future. As Laura said, we remain very optimistic in the long-term outlook of the business. Our business remains strong as we enter Q1 with momentum in our core businesses and our growth initiatives continuing. As a result, for both fiscal year 2022 and beyond, we are reiterating our previously provided financial outlook of mid- to high single-digit comp growth with operating margins relatively in line with fiscal year 2021. We estimate revenues will reach $10 billion by fiscal year 2024, with our brands accelerating or reaching our prior committed targets faster, including Pottery Barn expanding to $3.5 billion in revenues; West Elm adding $1 billion in revenues to over $3.3 billion; Williams-Sonoma will reach almost $1.6 billion in revenues; and our Pottery Barn Kids and Teen businesses will grow to $1.4 billion. 
 This expected top line growth will also be fueled by growth across our strategic initiatives, such as our B2B business doubling to $1.5 billion in revenues, our Marketplace business growing 20% annually to nearly $700 million, our emerging brands expanding to a combined revenue of over $600 million, and our global operations continuing to expand in size to $700 million. And we are confident we can drive this top line growth profitably due to leverage across the P&L from ongoing higher sales growth; additional accretion from our accelerating growth initiatives that have a higher operating margin profile; an accelerating shift online where the operating margin is higher; strong merchandise margins from the pricing power our proprietary and vertically integrated products provide; continued occupancy leverage from further store closures and reduced rents; various long-term supply chain efficiencies, such as automation and better in-stock inventory levels; and leverage from overall strong financial discipline throughout, keeping expense growth below sales growth. 
 Our capital allocation plans for 2022 will continue to first prioritize investments into the business and then return excess cash to our shareholders. We expect to invest approximately $350 million in the business, with over 80% of the spend prioritized on technology and supply chain initiatives primarily to support e-commerce, including the addition of a new automated distribution center in Arizona. We also expect to return excess cash to our shareholders in the form of increased quarterly dividend payouts and elevated share repurchases. 
 For dividends, we announced earlier today another double-digit increase in our quarterly dividend, up 10% or $0.07 to $0.78 per share. We also announced our Board has approved a new share repurchase authorization to $1.5 billion, which will replace the remaining amount outstanding under our prior authorization. We continue to believe that our stock price remains undervalued given our projections for growth and profitability. This new authorization will allow us the flexibility to opportunistically invest in our own stock and drive long-term financial returns. 
 As we begin our next fiscal year, our focus remains on executing against our opportunities to drive long-term elevated top and bottom line growth. We believe we are uniquely positioned to continue to take market share and profitably. Long-term macro trends should continue to favor our business, including a strong housing market driving ongoing investment in the home, an accelerating shift to e-commerce, and the increasing importance to the consumer of sustainability and being a values-driven company. And this, combined with our accelerating growth initiatives, our strong operating cash flow and liquidity and a proven track record of strong financial discipline give us the confidence to reiterate our accelerated long-term growth and profitability outlook and to drive strong financial returns for our shareholders. 
 I would now like to also thank all of our associates and business partners for all that they do for our company. It is their ongoing commitment that has enabled us to deliver another year of financial outperformance and to reward all of our stakeholders. 
 I would now like to open the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Max Rakhlenko of Cowen and Co. 
Maksim Rakhlenko: Just curious, on the new businesses, what can you share about how much higher margins those businesses are? And then as they continue to grow over time, how much do you think that they'll contribute to the business longer term and offset any normalization that we'll see otherwise? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. These businesses are incredibly accretive to op margin. We haven't disclosed the amount, but it's something that we're super excited about because as you can see, for example, with B2B and the volume that, that is driving and the bigger piece that is becoming of our comp, it has a significant benefit to the operating margin at the same time into our earnings. And so we're very excited about that growth trajectory. 
Laura Alber: And I thought, Max, that you were asking the question about some of our smaller brands. And in the case of those brands, they're still so small that there's actually runway for improvement in their profit profiles because we still aren't big enough to get the great sourcing leverage that we do in our larger brands. So they're very profitable. As you would imagine, they are today but they can be -- we see a really strong opportunity to improve these margins further as they grow. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Chukumba of Loop Capital Markets. 
Anthony Chukumba: Congrats to a strong finish to an incredibly strong year. My first question, you talked about the cross-brand and you've got The Key cross-brand loyalty program. Can you just give us an update in terms of the number of members that you have? If I recall it correctly, last time -- last number [ that I know you said was ] about 12 million members. 
Felix Carbullido: Yes. Anthony, it's Felix. I can tell you -- I don't believe we're sharing the numbers, but I can tell you that's significantly up. And as Laura said, program to date, life to date, we're at an all-time high. And with the introduction of the credit card this year, this past August, we're starting to see our dividends pay off in a big way in terms of cross-shopping. We believe this is one of our biggest opportunities as a company. It's increasing our share of wallet. And The Key, both from a multi-tender loyalty perspective and the credit card, are key drivers for that initiative. 
Anthony Chukumba: Got it. And then just if I can get one quick follow-up. Is there any way you can kind of dimensionalize the, I guess, lost sales in Kids and Teen given the global supply chain issues? I mean it's just such a stark slowdown, as you pointed out. 
Julie Whalen: Yes. I mean I think if you did the math, what I had said on -- in my script that their year-to-date run rate was about 20% and -- but for sort of these supply chain issues, we had no reason to believe that their business won't remain as strong. So if -- you can do the math on that and come up with how much immense in the fourth quarter. And certainly, had they delivered where they had come in, we would have been at the higher end of our implied guidance. So it was a decent impact to the fourth quarter, unfortunately. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Cristina Fernandez of Telsey Advisory Group. 
Cristina Fernandez: I wanted to ask, when you think about mid- to high single-digit growth in 2022, how are you thinking about industry growth, if any, demand for the home furnishings industry versus market share gains? 
Laura Alber: Sure. No. We all acknowledge there's a great deal of uncertainty in the world we live in today, from rising interest rates to global conflicts. But what gives me confidence is that we operate in an industry that is really large and fragmented. And still, more than half of the sales are generated from smaller brick-and-mortar retailers. And this provides us a huge opportunity. And as we enter the endemic, 2 things are clear to us: people have reprioritized what's important to them and people love their home. And there's no doubt they're going to continue to entertain, cook and work more in their homes. And in talking to a lot of CEOs, I believe hybrid work is really here to stay. 
 So whether the total industry grows or not, the macro shifts and changes in the way we live, combined with our key differentiators and our long-term growth prospects leads us to believe that we're going to have the ability to continue to take market share and grow. And honestly, I believe there is no one in a stronger position to disrupt the home furnishings industry than us. 
Cristina Fernandez: And then as a follow-up but perhaps for Julie, in your -- the ability to maintain the operating margin this year, should we think about the gross margin and expenses both being in line with 2021? Or will one be better improvement year-over-year versus 2021? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. I mean obviously, we're not providing guidance on the line items. We're focused on maintaining our operating margin at these incredibly elevated levels as I think, I said, they're more than 2x where we were in 2019. And so our commitment is to be able to maintain these levels. And so through all the different line items that I went through, we have that opportunity to do it. Some may go up. Some may go down. 
 But at the end of the day, because we have the ability to leverage the P&L with the higher sales, we've got the accelerating growth initiatives that I just answered a question about, that as those continue to move forward like with B2B, we have the opportunity to drive that operating margin to maintain at the same levels. We've got our merchandise margins that are incredibly strong. And given our proprietary product and vertical integration, we can maintain those despite higher prices on product and freight and supply chain efficiencies and on and on. There's many things, many levers that we're using to continue to maintain these elevated op margins. And so it will depend which line it lands on. But I would say for modeling purposes, I would hold them flat at this point. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Chuck Grom of Gordon Haskett. 
Greg Sommer: This is Greg Sommer on for Chuck Grom. My first question is just if you could maybe give us some color on the cadence of demand throughout the quarter and along those lines, if you've seen any indicators of trade down or fatigue by the customer. And then I have a quick follow-up. 
Julie Whalen: Yes. I mean we did see a really strong start to the fourth quarter. We saw a little bit of a dip during the holiday selling weekend where I think that was pretty common amongst most retailers. And then we came out of that even stronger in January. And as we've entered into the first quarter, we made a strategic decision to not chase the sales. And that's the reality. We could have been much more promotional, and we didn't do any site-wide promo. And so at the end of the day, we still delivered, whatever, 10.8%, double-digit comps with incredible operating margins and earnings. And so that is what we remain committed to continue to do. And we're just excited to see that, that strength is continuing. 
Greg Sommer: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up, did you guys provide a demand comp for 4Q? 
Julie Whalen: We didn't, but it's relatively in line. So -- and again, on that, that doesn't mean that we don't have elevated back orders. We still have elevated back orders. We're still encouraging -- incurring supply chain challenges, as Laura alluded to, but the reality is that we haven't been able to bring down those backwards to the level that we'd like. And so therefore, we're continuing to hold those and continue to hold demand in line with net, which obviously we're always paying attention to. We want -- the most important thing is our customer and making sure they get the product in a timely fashion. But from a financial perspective, certainly, it's opportunity as those products come in for delivery. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Simeon Gutman of Morgan Stanley. 
Michael Kessler: This is Michael Kessler on for Simeon. First question, for many retailers, because the expectation for 2022 was that transactions or units are probably not growing but you have price as an offset and a driver, we're hearing anywhere 5%, 10%, 15%, 20% year-over-year price growth. So your sales guy is quite good guiding to growth. I mean we're assuming there's maybe a potential for some real price inflation within that, which means units could be down. I guess is that the right framework? And if it is, how should we feel about that? Does it mean there's more risk or more upside to the guide? And does it mean, if that's true, that growth could slow in '23 if pricing normalizes? So I guess how does that -- what does that tell you? How is that -- how do you frame that? 
Laura Alber: Sure. Good question. So as you know, it's really important to us that we provide our customers a product that is well designed, sustainable and the best value in the market, and that's where we've won. Of course, costs have gone up. And so we -- not only did we stop site-wide promotions, but we've strategically taken price increases carefully where we could. And if prices to us come down, we would give our customers a break on some products because we always want to offer them the best value. Right now, I will tell you that I believe that we are doing that, and that's why our sales growth is higher than our industry and versus our peers. But it's something we're going to stay very humble about and we check it all the time. We're constantly checking our products and our prices versus our competition and innovating to ensure that we have products that our customers can't buy at the competitors. This is a really key part of our strategy. 
 As it relates to units versus AUR growth, I expect even though we saw increase in units last year to see it -- to be more flat this year. On the unit growth, that's my expectation. That's what's implied in this guidance. But we are very confident in this guidance for all the factors that we've gone through already, both our differentiators, our growth initiatives and the reality that we have a big back order log that needs to come in sometimes. It hasn't come in yet, but it should come in. And we're thinking  unfortunately, and I hate to move the state out constantly, but the supply chain issues continue to be many and varied that we think it's going to be at the back half of this year now because you can -- everyone I know is reading the same news and there's all sorts of things that continue to go on. And so our focus continues to be to really give our customers a great service. 
 And to that point, while I have the floor, I'll just also make the comment that we are seeing our customer calls to be reduced and less escalations from our customers. So I think despite these disruptions that we all know are occurring, we are still competitively offering faster lead times and we are doing a good job communicating with our customers -- or a better job, I should say, communicating with our customers about the push up. 
Michael Kessler: Okay. Great. That was all really helpful. If I could just ask one quick follow-up. This is maybe more of a technicality type of question. I think your prior language had been talking about the long-term operating margin guidance being at least levels of 2021. I think now we're just staying more relatively in line, at least for 2022. Obviously, the base is now higher than where it was a quarter ago or you guided a quarter ago. Is there anything to read into that or just kind of basic language? 
Felix Carbullido: No. 
Laura Alber: You got it. 
Felix Carbullido: Yes. You got it. 
Operator: And we can go to Jason Haas of Bank of America. 
Jason Haas: The first one is just on the B2B business. I'm curious just what trends you're seeing there and how you're thinking about that in 2022. 
Laura Alber: Awesome. So as we said, B2B grew over 100%, and it just continues to go. I think I've revised my estimates every time I've gotten on this call. I decided not to give estimates anymore because I keep undershooting it. That's embarrassing as well. The market for B2B is enormous. And as I said earlier, no one is really doing a very good job. And so because we have in-house design products, which allow us to do specific product development for our clients and also our supply chain, we can deliver it together and give them a great experience and just a couple of fun, different projects, pipeline, book of business. 
 So our stadium and arena work continues to build momentum. We had big projects for the San Diego Padres and the New York Mets. In hospitality, we're seeing a promising and encouraging return of our large Marriott brand standard business. In health care, we're building a strong relationship with a big account. I don't think we can say the name yet but we're excited about that. We are doing large residential -- working with large residential developers, like related companies. And a fun one that I really think is great is Churchill Downs, and we're working with Woodford Reserve on that. And then the last, which is also awesome and really relevant, is Under Canvas, which is a premier, luxury glamping company, and we're furnishing their camps across the country adjacent to the leading national parks. So that just gives you a sense of what we're doing. So there's new book of business and then there's the businesses that just continue to go because we have more units and there's also replacement. 
Jason Haas: That's great color. And then just as a follow-up, I wanted to ask about the inventory on the balance sheet being up. I know -- I think it's Julie who touched on it in the prepared remarks, but just curious if you could give any color in terms of how much of that is just inventory being stuck out in the ports versus what you have on hand and just sort of overall how you feel about your inventory position. 
Julie Whalen: Yes. I said in my prepared remarks that about 14.8% of the 24% increase is on-hand inventory. So the delta is what's in transit of that 24%. So a sizable portion of it is still on the water. And obviously, there's been some delays in bringing that inventory in for a myriad of reasons that certainly with our scale and sophistication, we're much better at maneuvering through that and getting it in a lot quicker, more effectively than others, but we're not immune to it. And so we're definitely working through those factors. But certainly, we're nowhere near where we want to be. We're not at optimal levels with a negative 13% of on-hand inventory on a 2-year basis. When you look at our sales growth at a 39% comp on a 2-year basis, we have a lot of room to go. And so it's a huge opportunity for the company. And hopefully, by the back half of the year, we'll be in a much better position. 
Operator: And the next question comes from Adrienne Yih of Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Congratulations to the entire team. The year was fantastic. The quarter was fantastic. So Laura, I want to go back to the competitive landscape. And I'd like to hear your thoughts on how much of the industry was in sort of small chains, independents prepandemic. Where have they gone? And then other competitors -- and I'll just name, like RH has moved higher pricing and maybe create some white space. So I really am curious. When you say competitors, can you help us understand like who is the national chain that you compete against for West Elm, for Pottery Barn? Because when I think about kind of where people would go, it really comes down to those 2 names and not a lot of others. So that's my first one. Sorry, it's so long-winded. 
 And then, Julie, can you help us out with Q1 shaping? It seems like if you look at normal seasonality, there's more opportunity in Q1 from an op margin standpoint. 
Laura Alber: Thanks, Adrienne. So I wish there was better market data frankly. I mean we try to piece it together. But the -- before the pandemic, we saw even higher amount being done on the street with brick-and-mortar retailers, and it was part of, I think, an investor deck like 3 years ago that we said it's not going to be 80% done brick-and-mortar. It's going to be moving online. And so even before the pandemic happened, we were talking about the opportunity, as people move online, to be one of the clear winners online. And so that is about as much data as I have. I mean you can see it in your local towns where it's changed a lot on the street. 
 Now in terms of head-to-head competition, it's really hard to find somebody who does what we do, which is great. But there's a lot of people selling pieces and parts. And the big ones that we -- people talk about the specialty people, but truly, we're thinking about the really big ones who tend to have value-priced products that are not anything like our products nor do they put the whole house together. I'm resisting the temptation to call them by name, but you know who they are. And then the specialty retailers, a lot of the specialty retailers -- first of all, they don't have the same digital capabilities. They don't have multiple brands. They don't have multiple aesthetics. And then also, they don't design their own products, which may appear that they do. They do a lot of other things, I think, well. But they don't necessarily have products that you can't find elsewhere if you try hard enough. 
 And so that's really one of the most important competitive differentiators. And then add to it that there's nobody else who -- that makes that Barron's list who's in home furnishing, not one. We're the only home furnishings retailer on the Barron's list of top sustainable companies. And we know our customers care about that, and they'd rather buy from someone who is also sustainable. And frankly, they're happy to spend a little bit more because it's important to them to know how their products are made and what chemicals are used and all those things. And we -- you saw us. I hope everybody saw the new impact report that we put out and all the pieces and parts of improving our footprint. And we're certainly not done, but we're going to continue to step it up and announce even bigger goals when we get up to Earth Day, and I'm excited about those goals. So there's a lot of work to be done there, but we're ahead. We're in a leadership position already, and we intend to stay there on sustainability and high-quality, durable products. 
Julie Whalen: Adrienne, on the Q1 question. I mean obviously, you know we don't provide guidance on a quarterly basis. I'm sure you're asking from a directional standpoint. I don't think there's anything that's really noteworthy to call out that's different than sort of the normal run rate. So I don't think there's anything to highlight at that point. We're super excited, obviously, about the incredible guidance we gave on the year and the fact that we are committed to holding operating margins on the year. So I think that's our focus. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: And then, Julie, just one short follow-up. What is the criteria for closing stores? Because clearly, you are closing four-wall profitable stores, which is, for a retailer, a very, very difficult decision to make. Laura, I know you talked about this before, having a hurdle rate for profitability and that's how you keep driving the profits up. So when you're looking at that 25% of square footage, your stores, how are you making that decision each year? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. I mean I think one of the first things that makes us different obviously is the size of our e-commerce business. When you look at other retailers, they don't have that choice. And so we're making decisions. One of the decisions we're looking at is the profitability on our e-commerce business and comparing that to the retail stores. And so do we want that sale in retailer? Do we want it on the e-commerce side? But that's one factor. 
 We're also looking at the store. And is it brand enhancing? Is there other reasons to have the store? Because certainly, stores are incredibly important to us from a service aspect for our customers. And so -- but we haven't given out the exact metric, but I would say that's one way to think about it. You know what our operating margins have been historically in e-commerce, and I think that's sort of an interesting spot to think about. We definitely want to make sure that the sale is profitable. 
Laura Alber: And we're really happy to see that, as I said, specifically in Sonoma. But really across the board, our retail optimization strategy is really working. We're seeing the new stores, the remodeled stores beat our expectations, and we're seeing better transfer from the closed stores. And then our fantastic real estate team has -- last year, I mean we renegotiated 90% of our leases that came up for renewal. 
 So there's a lot of good stuff going on with the retail profitability, and our teams at retail continue to innovate. I mean I -- we've talked about how strong they were during the pandemic in helping us do Design Chat, design services. Even though our stores were closed, we kept them employed. And they have paid us back in spades with loyalty and passion and creativity, and they continue to be really the face of our brands. And so much of our business is done with these design appointments, and we're doing it now virtually too. And that's something that -- I mean we're not just dabbling. It's a big piece of our business, and it's supported by ever-improving tech capabilities so that people can really imagine how things will look in their home when they're making the purchasing decision and eliminate mistakes that so many of us make when we do a whole room or a whole house. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Brian Nagel of Oppenheimer. 
Brian Nagel: Congrats on another nice quarter. 
Laura Alber: Thank you. 
Brian Nagel: So my question -- and I know we've talked about supply chain a bunch already, but I want to just talk about it more. As you look at the supply chain dynamic that's impacting Williams-Sonoma, is it -- do you think -- again, recognizing how fluid the situation is out there, are dynamics getting worse? Or are they staying the same? And then as you think about the duration of this and we talk to you now about the issues persisting pretty far into '22, are there levers that Williams-Sonoma could pull or things that -- that you guys have not pulled yet that from an internal standpoint could help to mitigate some of these pressures? 
Laura Alber: So I mean it's so funny how dynamics are worse. We were talking about this the other day. And our perspective is that this year is going to be about the same as last year, and we thought nothing could be worse than last year. So I would say it's as bad as last year. It's a horrible comment, but I mean we're realist about this. We're expecting it to be stops and starts. We see all sorts of things, COVID stop-and-starts. We see material labor shortages. Now the terrible war will have some impact. And so these are all things that are happening to everyone in the industry in all consumer businesses. 
 But the reason we are so confident is that we have an incredible team and scale. We're the 13th largest container importer. We have great relationships with our vendors and our shippers that allows us to expedite production and inventory flow. And we're going to -- we tend to be very worried about what could happen and create contingency plans for these things as much as we can. And so we're also, at the same time, looking at how do we control what we can control better, i.e., time to process an order and to get it to our customer. And that is why we're continuing to regionalize our distribution network so we're closer to our customers and we give them incredible service with even fewer damages. 
 There's a lot. I think Julie gave a great summary of all the operating margin levers that we have in our company and -- as well as we've done. We believe there's still a lot of room to improve particularly in the supply chain. And I don't think that we have to -- we can do -- there's many of them that I expect to happen this year. But we also know that there are some things that we haven't predicted yet that are likely to come our way as well. 
Brian Nagel: That's helpful. And then as a quick follow-up, and I guess somewhat related to that, you talked about the, I guess, I would say, lack of promotions. Lack of widespread promotions is a driver of upside to the margins here in the quarter. And I think we've discussed this before, but how do you think about the sustainability? Is the ability of Williams-Sonoma now to drive better, say, full price sell-through more a function of internal initiatives such as the merchandising? Or are you still really benefiting from the supply chain constraints, in a way this lack of product being within the channel? 
Laura Alber: No. It's really, I'd say, more than even either one of those things. It was a mindset shift that it wasn't a good idea to have a price go up and down on a product that you're selling on a regular basis. You will see us take markdowns. We will miss on fashion. We will have things that are overstocked. I know that you've seen us take markdowns. Those are not what I'm talking about. Where we've been talking about not running site-wide promotions that you see others run, you saw many people run during the holiday season. You can still pull them up and look at them now. And really, it's a measure. Our pricing power is a measure of our merchandise and product initiatives internally and the strength of our brands. 
Brian Nagel: I appreciate it. Congrats again. 
Laura Alber: Thank you. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you. 
Operator: And we can go to Seth Basham of Wedbush Securities. 
Matthew Mccartney: This is Matt McCartney on for Seth. Just real quick, just want to revisit the price volume sort of equation for this year. Is it fair to kind of think about volumes being down in the first half given the supply chain issues and then sort of picking up in the back half, maybe even growing and then kind of coming out to that flattish balance for the full year? 
Julie Whalen: Sorry. Are you talking about units? Are you talking about -- what are you talking about? I'm trying to understand your question. 
Matthew Mccartney: I'm taking about just pricing aside, just units first half versus second half given the supply chain issues. 
Julie Whalen: No. I wouldn't assume that at all. I think it's just a function of we have incredibly strong sales that we've been chasing inventory on for a long period of time. And so we're continuing to chase that inventory, which is maintaining elevated back order levels, but we're still having strong sales going forward. There will still be unit sales that occur as we move throughout the year. I don't think there's anything to tie the number of units to -- relative to inventory receipts with supply chain in the first half. 
Matthew Mccartney: Okay. That's helpful. And then just one last question here. Just wondering about your ability to sort of pass on price. You're mentioning your pricing power. Is there any sort of a differentiation on a brand level where you're seeing perhaps more pricing power or maybe even less pricing power? 
Laura Alber: I wouldn't -- no. We've been very careful, and there's a fine line. We want to make sure, as I said, that we're giving our customers great value. So it's a judgment by product category. And we're doing a lot of testing in every single brand. And we are seeing success in the pricing increases that we've had to take because cost increases have gone up as well. But we also at the same time -- remember, because we care so much about keeping our range of customers, we continue to increase the amount of opening price point products. So even though something might have to go up in price, we also are bringing in a bunch of opening price point products so we can really keep pushing our customer acquisition. And we have worked with our vendors to really value engineer and still build our same quality and sustainability profiles into these products so that we don't just become a very expensive set of brands. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that's all the time we have for questions today. I would like to hand the call back to the management team for any additional or closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: Well, thank you all. Really appreciate your questions and your enthusiasm and your engagement and can't wait to see you all in person. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-18 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Williams-Sonoma Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Jeremy Brooks, Chief Accounting Officer and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Unknown Executive: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our third quarter earnings call. I'd like to remind you that during this call, we will make forward-looking statements with respect to future events and financial performance, including guidance for the fourth quarter of 2021. Although we believe these statements reflect our best estimates and all available information, we cannot make any assurances that these statements will materialize, and actual results may differ significantly from our expectations. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any of these statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after today's call.
 Additionally, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. These measures should not be considered replacements for and should be read together with our GAAP results. A reconciliation of non-GAAP measures for the most directly comparable GAAP measures, along with an explanation of how and why we use these measures, appears in Exhibit 1 to the press release we issued earlier today. This call should also be considered in conjunction with our periodic and annual financials with the SEC.
 Finally, the call is being recorded, and a replay will be available on our IR website. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer. 
Laura Alber: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you all for joining us. We're extremely proud to deliver yet another quarter of outperformance with comps of 16.9%, building to an accelerated 2-year stack of 41.3% and operating margin expansion of 60 basis points. These results are a function of both the advantages of our distinctive positioning in the market and our successful execution against our long-term growth strategy. Furthermore, our performance demonstrates that we continue to take share in a fractured market and deliver high-quality, sustainable earnings. As a result, we are raising our full year outlook to reflect revenue growth of 22% to 23% and operating margins of 16.9% to 17.1%.
 Customers are clearly responding to our products and channel strategies, and we expect to drive an outstanding finish to the year and beyond.
 On the macro front, the industry remains large and fragmented, with more than half of its sales generated from smaller brick-and-mortar retailers. We are one of the strongest market players and have incredible opportunity to capture more of an almost $1 trillion market opportunity. We are at a pivotal point of change, both in the way we live and work, and we will intensely focus on our unique ability to capitalize on this change and, in turn, capture market share.
 The housing market continues to hold strong with purchases of larger first and second homes. Additionally, hybrid work arrangements continue to gain traction as a permanent work model. Both of these trends result in a stronger need and desire to outfit the home for working, entertaining and cooking. In addition, another large point of disruption is the shift of the consumers to make purchases online. Certain factors continue to bolster the shift in behavior, including the lasting impact of the stay-at-home dynamic of the pandemic and the entrance of the millennial generation into their home formation years, a customer segment who naturally gravitates towards digital purchasing.
 In an industry occupied by market players who have not yet made significant investment in their e-commerce capabilities and pure e-commerce players without the service element of our retail business, we believe we are uniquely positioned to benefit from this trend as a digital first, but not digital-only company. Our incredible store shopping experience satisfies our cross-channel customers who shop both online and in-store. Our customers continue to place importance on and in many instances, demand the prioritization of sustainability.
 In fact, almost 70% of consumers today want to support brands that are purpose driven and doing good in the world we share. Our company is committed to being a value led, sustainable company and is proud to be a leader in the home furnishing industry.
 In short, the fragmented industry, the strong housing market, the shift of the consumer online and the consumer demand for sustainability provides specific unique and sizable opportunities for our company to continue to grow. And these macro trends are a perfect fit with our key differentiators. Our in-house design capabilities, along with our depth ability to value engineer our products, allows us to offer exclusive, relevant and high-quality products.
 Our channel strategy provides a competitive edge in scaling the business into the future compared to both the retail and marketplace dominant players. And of course, our values, which are deeply rooted in sustainability, diversity, equity and inclusion, are embedded in our products and central in our actions. These principles have been and will continue to be fundamental and nonnegotiable to the customers and communities we serve. This, combined with our growth strategies, not only provide for sizable opportunities to grow our core businesses, but also to drive momentum in reaching new customers, geographies and industries.
 This expansion and diversification of our customer base presents many exciting opportunities to deliver solutions for underserved spaces and places, from B2B which brings an exciting new customer profile, to our global business which drives expansion across new geographies, to our cross-brand and marketplace opportunities which expands the reach of our current base and the expansion of Williams-Sonoma Home, which attends to an underserved, high-end luxury market and has massive future potential for scaling. We have, in fact, many opportunities to drive our business forward into the next chapter of growth.
 Simply put, it's these macro shifts, combined with our key differentiators and our long-term growth prospects that result in us strongly believing in our ability to continue to take market share and deliver earnings well into the future.
 Before we talk about Q3, let's take a minute to review the supply chain, which I know is top of mind for all. It is no surprise that we have been intensely focused on the supply chain bottlenecks around the world. Like all companies, we are not immune to the ripple effect from these short-term and long-term delays.
 I want to share with you our status and the extraordinary accomplishments of the team. Our upholstery lead times continue to improve and are industry-leading as a result of our in-house domestic capabilities. Our immediate and decisive responsiveness, our strong long-term vendor relationships and our scale have all minimized production and delivery delays relative to our competition. And as a result, approximately 85% of our holiday receipts have already been received. And finally, when we have delays, customer service is our priority, which has resulted in declines in escalations, cancellations and calls into the care center.
 All that said, I do want to highlight some important challenges we are facing as a result of this supply chain disruption. First, as you know, we sourced a sizable amount of inventory out of Vietnam, which was recently shut down for 3 months. This country has since reopened, but is experiencing significant backlog across factories as they ramp up. As a result, we are experiencing some inventory delays, particularly in our children's home furnishings businesses. Second, given the ongoing strong demand we are seeing across our business and the impact of the Vietnam delays, we do not expect full recovery of our inventory levels until the middle of 2022. 
 Now let's turn to the results of the third quarter, which clearly demonstrates the strength of our business and our ability to execute with all brands outperforming again this quarter.
 West Elm delivered a 22.5% comp, with all categories driving strong growth. The Upholstery business was very strong, and customers responded well to new products, including best sellers in bedroom, dining and occasional categories. Additionally, new categories such as Baths, Kids and Kitchens, also contributed to incremental growth. Pottery Barn delivered another high-performance quarter, with a comp of 15.9%, driven by strong growth in all product categories, including our seasonal decorating business.
 In addition, we saw strength across our core lifestyle furniture category, our design services and our furniture advantage growth initiatives such as apartment and our curated marketplace assortments. Pottery Barn Kids and Teens grew with a comp of 16.9%.
 The demand for our Green gold -- GREENGUARD Gold-certified furniture remains strong, emphasizing the importance of both our proprietary design aesthetic and our commitment to sustainability in our customers' buying decisions. Our Baby business continues to accelerate as our customers expand their families and the response to our holiday and gifting offerings was strong with Halloween products driving record results. 
 The Williams-Sonoma brand accelerated to a 7.6% comp with growth across all key categories, driven by product innovation, edited and relevant assortments and high demand for Thanksgiving and holiday product. Both our exclusive products and WS branded products continued to grow, and we saw strength in key entertaining items. Operationally, an intensified focus in our key vendor partnerships has allowed us to increase inventory positions in high demand categories, despite a supply chain constrained environment. And we believe the improvements made to our online and store experience yielded momentum in the quarter.
 Finally, last week, the brand launched a new recipe app and a Reserve Membership program, both of which provide a new way for our customers to engage with the brand while supporting our ongoing strategic initiative to develop and deploy content distribution. Our Williams-Sonoma Home business is also accelerating as a result of our strategy to reposition the brand as a premium online furniture destination. We believe that with a refined curated assortment and an appealing digital presentation, Williams-Sonoma Home will be one of our biggest growth opportunities.
 Cross-brand, we're excited to share that our B2B growth initiative continues to produce record performance with our largest quarter ever, generating over $200 million of sales, nearly double that of last year. Significant accomplishments of the business include an increase of 44% in new clients over last year, an acceleration of our contract grade lineup as businesses reopen and growth and diversification in our large project pipeline. The business is also building across industries, capturing additional market share. This growth initiative continues to outperform, and we see significant opportunity for this business to contribute long term.
 In our cross-brand global business, we are focused on expansion, but through a disciplined capital-light brand-enhancing franchise model. 
 This quarter, we opened our first franchise store in India and rolled out e-commerce capabilities across that country to great success. As we look forward, we see additional opportunities to lead in digital around the world.
 Additionally, our initiatives to promote selling across our brands continue to yield results. Cross-selling metrics, including total customers and percent of total of customers shopping across brands, are at record levels.
 Not surprisingly, the spend of a cross-brand customer is a multiple of that of a single-brand shopper, and increasing our share of spend with these customers will have a significant impact on incremental volume for the long term. We are excited about the many initiatives we have in place to capture this opportunity.
 Also in this quarter, we launched our new cross-brand credit card program, where customers can apply for credit, purchase and earn rewards with any of our brands. This new initiative complements our existing loyalty program for all other tenders. These 2 tiers of loyalty programs help us acquire and retain customers irrespective of their method of payment.
 The advantage of our loyalty program is twofold. First, as we previously shared, the multi-brand customers were 2 to 3x more than the single brand customer. We know we have an opportunity to increase our share of wallet with these customers. And with our portfolio of complementary brands, this is a tremendous competitive advantage few, if any, have in our industry.
 Second, our loyalty program dramatically enhances the richness of our first-party data. With almost 70% of our volume derived from e-commerce, we understand the importance of first-party data in the cookie-less future that is rapidly approaching.
 The loyalty program, along with hundreds of other attributes, in our in-house file is consolidated across our brands and channels, which allows us the ability to aggregate browsing behavior, transactions, demographics, channel preferences and many other attributes. This rich first-party data, along with our own in-house advertising expertise, allows us to be prepared and equipped as privacy rules evolve across the digital space.
 And finally, I'd like to spend a minute on our impact initiatives. We are proud to announce that in the third quarter, we raised minimum wages again to at least $15 an hour for all of our employees.
 Additionally, we also announced new goals to both expand our purchase of next ethically handcrafted products to $15 million and to nearly double our investments in fair trade certified products to $10 million by 2025.
 As the first home furnishings retailer to set significant ESG goals, we continue to lead the industry. These actions not only positively impact people and communities that make, source and distribute our products but also deliver value to our stakeholders, customers, vendors, shareholders and our communities. And our unwavering commitment to values is gaining further recognition.
 For example, our Pottery Barn renewed program was included in Fast Company's 2021 Innovation by Design Awards. We are rated top score about the Sustainability Furnishings Council for the fourth year running. And our MSCI ESG rating was upgraded to AA, driven by our strong commitment to ethical production and our newly announced climate goals, which further distinguishes our company as a leader in sustainability.
 As we enter the fourth quarter, we are seeing strong sales and margins continuing. We are thrilled with our customers' response to our holiday and gifting assortment, and we are ready to drive an outstanding finish to the year.
 Our teams are prepared to fulfill record orders leveraging our new technological capabilities and maximizing our digital-first omni advantage to meet the outsized demand we are seeing from our customers. In summary, with our strong results to date, our winning positioning in the industry and our outperforming growth strategies, we are more confident than ever in the long-term strength of our business into fiscal 2022 and beyond. We continue to be confident in our outlook of at least mid- to high single-digit comps, accelerating our revenues to $10 billion by 2024, with operating margins at least that of fiscal 2021.
 Before I pass the call to Julie, I want to thank our team for their outstanding work, creativity and relentless focus on driving the business. Their talent, energy and commitment underscores all of the success that we have had. And with that, I'd like to wish you all a happy holiday season. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon, everyone. We are pleased to report another quarter of record revenues and profitability. It is clear that our high-quality products and value proposition are resonating with our customers. Our growth strategies are outperforming, and our operating model is positioned well to continue to deliver revenue growth and profitability into the future.
 Our unique operating model has proven to be a competitive advantage and difficult to replicate. 95% of our products are proprietary or exclusive to our brands. We have a vertically integrated digital-first, but not digital-only, operating model that is nearly 70% e-commerce in an industry that primarily consists of brick-and-mortar or pure e-commerce players, and we are a sustainable and values-led company.
 These advantages, along with the macro trends that favor our business, a strong housing market, the permanent adoption of hybrid work, a shift to online purchasing and the demand from customers for values and sustainability in their products are clearly driving our results and will fuel our growth and profitability for the long term.
 Turning to our third quarter results in more detail. Net revenues grew 16% to $2.048 billion, with comparable brand revenue growth of 16.9%, with comps accelerating to 41.3% on a 2-year basis.
 This strong performance was broad-based across all brands and both channels. In fact, against tougher compares, our e-commerce business accelerated to over 67% of our total revenues from the second quarter and was our highest 2-year comp ever at 64%. By brand, West Elm delivered a 22.5% comp, taking year-to-date revenues for the brand to over $1.5 billion. Pottery Barn, our largest brand, drove their fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit comps with a 15.9% comp. Pottery Barn Kids and Teen grew at a comp of 16.9% and had their highest 2-year comp ever.
 Williams-Sonoma drove a 7.6% comp accelerating from the second quarter and on top of 30.4% last year. And our emerging brands, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham combined continue to drive significant growth at a 26.5% comp, and all brands grew nearly 40% or higher on a 2-year basis.
 Moving down the income statement. Gross margin expanded 370 basis points to 43.7%. Our selling margins drove 280 basis points of this expansion. And relative to 2019, our selling margins are up 430 basis points, in line with our first half results, despite higher ocean freight costs incurred during the quarter.
 These strong margin results reflect our pricing power from our proprietary design products and the advantage of our vertically integrated sourcing and production, which allows us to engineer our product for value and to best navigate through the various macro complexities. We are pleased to deliver another quarter of strong top line sales and merchandise margin expansion. Occupancy cost leverage was also a factor in our gross margin expansion, leveraging approximately 90 basis points, resulting from higher sales and low occupancy dollar growth.
 Occupancy costs were approximately $183 million, up 5.1% year-over-year and relatively in line with our second quarter growth. The year-over-year increase includes a onetime impact from rent true-ups and rent abatements last year as well as the incremental impact from our new East Coast distribution center, which gives us additional capacity to support our strong customer demand. We were pleased to see another quarter of occupancy leverage reflecting the strength of our top line and the ongoing success of our retail optimization efforts.
 SG&A in the third quarter was in line with the prior quarters at 27.5% of net revenue. Year-over-year, SG&A deleveraged 320 basis points, driven by higher advertising spend coming off of our substantially reduced costs in 2020 and our decision to incrementally invest in advertising.
 As we have said all year, given our record levels of profitability, we have been strategically and aggressively investing in high ROI advertising to drive new customer acquisition, retention and top line growth, which clearly is working. We continue to see record new customer counts and strong demand, which has benefited our business to date and will continue to drive growth well into the future.
 Furthermore, we view it as a competitive advantage to be in a position to increase spend today while the competition may need to pull back to offset incremental supply chain costs. And despite this expected deleverage, we still delivered SG&A rates near historically low pre-pandemic levels and another quarter of record profitability. Operating income grew to a record $333 million, resulting in an operating margin of 16.3%, expanding 60 basis points over last year. This resulted in diluted earnings per share of $3.32, up 30% from last year's record third quarter of $2.56 per diluted share.
 Put these results in context, we have not seen our performance weighing all year despite any shifts in the consumer wallet as the world reopens and being up against accelerating tougher year-over-year compares. In fact, year-to-date, we are tracking to a 28% comp or 41% on a 2-year basis, with 400 basis points of operating margin expansion at a 16.3% operating margin and over 85% growth in earnings.
 Turning to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with strong liquidity levels and a cash balance of almost $660 million. The strength of our business has generated operating cash flow of almost $790 million year-to-date, which is approximately $60 million over last year's elevated cash flow levels.
 This cash flow strength has allowed us to fund the operations of the business, to invest over $140 million in capital expenditures and to return almost $790 million to our shareholders in the form of over $135 million in dividends and over $650 million in share repurchases. These decisions reflect our confidence in the sustainability of our growth and our commitment to maximizing returns for our shareholders.
 Moving down the balance sheet, merchandise inventories, which includes inventory and transit, were $1.272 billion, representing an increase of 13% over last year. Inventory on hand and available for sale was up 3% year-over-year. While that is an improvement from where we were in the second quarter, our inventory levels are still not aligned with demand and are below optimal levels. Our back order levels continue to be at record highs, driven by our strong demand and the supply chain disruptions that unfortunately continue to delay our order fulfillment, including the most recent delays out of Vietnam.
 As Laura mentioned, our phenomenal team and their aggressive actions, combined with our scale, has enabled us to navigate through these challenges better than others. And given our ongoing strong demand, we expect a return to more normalized inventory levels by mid-2022, with back order levels remaining elevated into the first half of 2022.
 Now let's turn to our expectations for the rest of the year and longer term. We are raising our 2021 outlook to reflect revenue growth from high teens to low 20s to now 22% to 23%, and operating margins from 16% to 17% to now 16.9% to 17.1%. This is our third consecutive raise this year.
 Additionally, we are also reiterating our longer-term outlook of revenues accelerating to $10 billion by 2024, with operating margins at least in line with our raised fiscal year '21 levels, which implies at least a mid- to high single-digit comp with margins at least holding over the next 3-plus years. We, of course, will revisit our 2022 and longer-term outlook next quarter in more detail. We are very confident in the fundamentals of the business and our strategies to sustain our growth into the future.
 In addition to the macro trends, our key differentiators and our successful growth initiatives, as previously mentioned, we have several other factors that give us confidence.
 First, our results to date. We saw comps accelerating even before the pandemic as a result of our growth initiatives to tie the 10% comp in February 2020. Our results during the pandemic continued to accelerate despite our retail stores being closed. And our results every quarter this year have held at a 2-year comp of approximately 40%, despite accelerating tougher year-over-year compares. And we did this while pulling back on all site-wide promotions and with low levels of available inventory for sale.
 Second, our proprietary products and vertically integrated sourcing and production, which provide us pricing power and the ability to optimize and engineer our products for value, drive strong merchandise margins in an environment with rising costs and competition.
 Third, our operating model. In addition to our pricing power, our operating model provides several opportunities to drive strong operating margins. From leverage from higher sales, including the additional accretion from our growth initiatives that have a higher operating margin to an accelerating shift online, which is more profitable. The continued occupancy leverage from the renegotiation of our lease agreements and further store closures, the various supply chain efficiencies, including automation and in-stock inventory levels and the continued emphasis on overall strong financial discipline, holding costs below sales growth.
 And finally, our liquidity. We have maintained a very strong and disciplined balance sheet with ample cash and no debt, which provides dry powder for opportunistic investments and incremental shareholder returns. All of this is what gives us the confidence in our short- and long-term outlook and our ability to deliver sustainable long-term growth and profitability with strong financial returns for our shareholders in 2022 and beyond. I would now also like to thank our associates without their unwavering commitment to driving these results, none of this would be possible.
 Happy holidays are all on the call. And now let's open the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Seth Basham of Wedbush Securities. 
Seth Basham: Congrats on continued strong results. My first question is around the backlog that you mentioned. You said it's at record highs. Did it increase from the second quarter to the third quarter? And did your demand comps exceed your sales cost this quarter? 
Laura Alber: This is Laura. Thanks, Seth. Yes, unfortunately, the back orders did increase from where they were before. 
Julie Whalen: And the demand comps are relatively in line with the net comps. There's really no big story there. 
Seth Basham: All right. And my follow-up is around your customer acquisition cost. As you lean into advertising, you talked about Apple's privacy changes. Are you seeing customer acquisition costs go up, down, sideways? And how should we think about those going forward? 
Felix Carbullido: It's Felix. Thanks for the question. The digital advertising environment has always been dynamic and competitive. But what -- I guess, we have the competitive advantages, is that we have invested over the years in our in-house measurement lab, which is staffed with our own data scientists and mathematicians. And we also have our own in-house campaign managers who work side-by-side on developing the right audience. We measure results across our spend, leveraging our proprietary tool set.
 So even as the prices fluctuate, we're able to quickly identify the high ROI programs. And secondly, we've always been performance marketers, which means our spend is primarily on marketing vehicles we can measure and tie directly to our top line and our bottom line.
 And then I guess, lastly, we have the advantage is that we essentially manage our marketing budgets. And so Laura and I have the advantage to look across our portfolio. We test and learn across our brands. And when we find best practices, we can roll it out to our brands. So despite the dynamics of the marketplace, we feel we're better suited than others in our space. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Adrienne Yih of Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Can I just say that the consistency of what you've been able to accomplish is really remarkable, so congrats. 
Laura Alber: Thank you. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: You're welcome. Laura, I'm interested in the comment that you made about Williams-Sonoma Home and how that's going to be a growth vehicle for the overall business. How does that fit into the $10 billion kind of longer-term target? How much of that number represents the WS Home opportunity? Or is that upside to that?
 And then on the $15 an hour, that's also very much on the offense playing here. You're with Walmart, Target, and a lot of people are multiple dollars behind you. So is that entry level, obviously, at the stores? What does that look like at the DCs? And where was the average hourly rate before this? Kind of just curious how we should model that into the -- into our P&L? When did that get instituted? And what was it beforehand? 
Laura Alber: Okay. Let me see if I can get all that. So in our IR deck, which is online, you can see our path to $10 billion of revenues, which I think is a great thing to reference back to. And of course, we will update this next year. But my optimism in Williams-Sonoma Home is not reflected in the $10 billion. It is -- if you just look at the growth, even the Williams-Sonoma brand has from 2020 to 2024, it's $300 million. So of course, that doesn't contemplate Williams-Sonoma Home becoming a big driver.
 We see a huge gap in the marketplace for proprietary high-end products at great values and that are sustainable. And so we are working hard to do that, but to do it really well. So we're going to have patience also in what we bring in and when. But so far, it's really -- it's working. The changes we've made have already produced great results, and we're seeing momentum in that business.
 We're also very focused on improving our website so that you can really envision this product in your home without having to visit it in the store. And also using our stores to show wood samples and fabric samples and do design help in home even though we don't have stand-alone Williams-Sonoma Home store. So there's a lot of exciting things happening there.
 In terms of the hourly wage minimum, minimum is different than average, of course, right? So the minimum, we've moved it over the last couple of years from $12 to $15, most recently, it was at $14, and we made that change when Julie? 
Julie Whalen: $15 just recently... 
Laura Alber: No, the $14, when did we... 
Julie Whalen: In July 2020. 
Laura Alber: Yes. Thank you. Good memory. And so -- but our average hourly wage is higher, obviously. And we have stores all over. We have manufacturing all over the country. So we didn't have that many people in the under-15 bucket to actually begin with. We're -- our goal is to be competitive and hire the best in all these places. And so wage is one part of it, but there's a lot of other parts to the whole ecosystem of benefits and pay for our employees, and we're going to continue to really make sure we get the best and we reward them appropriately. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Cristina Fernandez of Telsey Advisory Group. 
Cristina Fernandez: Congratulations also on a good quarter and the continued momentum in the business. I wanted to ask about the inventory flow, particularly with the supply chain challenges and the Vietnam disruption. How should we think about inventories over the next 6 months until they normalize? Should we expect them to be stable? Should we expect them to get worse before getting better? Some color there would be helpful. 
Laura Alber: They get better per our plan unless sales demand gets better faster. It's always a relationship, but our predictions are pretty good. They should get marginally better. But to really get back to where we want to be on back orders, we see it moving out a bit because, of course, the very unfortunate unpredictable situation that happened in Vietnam.
 Remember, Vietnam really predominantly affects our Kids business and Teen business, although it has some impact on the others, it's relatively small financially. What we care about the most is the customer, right? And getting the customer the right date and then helping them substitute if need be and being really empathetic and helping them understand every way through this.
 And so we've been doing callouts, and I'm really pleased to say that our customers have really understood, and I was worried about that, but the customers appreciate the phone calls, and we are not seeing them cancel and they're willing to wait because everybody else is in the same spot, and they want the high quality and they want the GREENGUARD Gold-certified Kids products. 
Cristina Fernandez: And then my follow-up, I wanted to see if you could talk about the demographics of the new customers that are coming to the brand. With the -- with promotions being lower, are you seeing just more affluent customers and perhaps a drop in moderate income customers? Or how -- I guess, how has that changed over the past year, if any? 
Felix Carbullido: Yes. Thank you for the question. We -- our trends have been consistent. We're seeing growth across all generations and all income bands. And I know there's a lot of questions about geographic trends, too. The good news is it's positive across the board. I will tell you what is promising is that we are seeing a lot of our customers, obviously, come from the millennial generation. And wedding registries, baby registries are all up, not just over LY, but significantly over 2019.
 We also know that beyond registries, we're starting to see a lot of growth in people who have moved recently in the past 2 years. And those are some of our most valuable customers over time. And we know that they have a hyper spend curve of over 18 months. So we love that.
 And I guess lastly is that when we acquire these new customers, we are enrolling the majority of them in our 2-tier loyalty program that Laura spoke about, which is great for future sales. As you know, as Laura said, the multiple there is 2 to 3x. So we're thrilled with that performance. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Chuck Grom of Gordon Haskett. 
Charles Grom: Great quarter. Julie, I just wanted to see if you could speak to the pathway, the build off of the sales trajectory going from the $8.3 billion. It looks like you're going to do this year to the $10 billion in 2024. It sounds like back level -- backlog levels are strong. So would you expect that high single -- mid- to high single-digit pace to sort of be commensurate each year over the next 3 years to build that? Just wanted to think about how we get to that $10 billion? 
Julie Whalen: Sure. Chuck. Yes, so the $10 billion that we put out there that now recently we accelerated, right, last quarter to 2024, the algorithm associated with that is effectively a mid- to high single-digit growth per year. And that's what we're saying is sort of the -- where at least we think we'll be.
 Obviously, next quarter, we'll come out with more specific guidance for 2022 and see if there's any update to our longer-term outlook. But that is where the math comes into play as to where we think it will be for the $10 billion or better. 
Charles Grom: Okay. That's helpful. And then, Laura, I just wondered the $200 million in revenue for B2B is impressive. Just wanted to think about how we size up that opportunity longer term. I think you had, at one point, thrown out a $1 billion number, but it seems like that could move higher over time. Just an update there. 
Laura Alber: I think I've said 1, I think I've said two, I think I've said that the 2 is too small. I mean the market is, what, USD 80 billion B2B. Nobody is doing it from soup to nuts. They have categories where they cover rugs, but then you have to get your beddings from somewhere else. And we're -- we've gotten so much more of our furniture and our products to be contract grade so we can actually sell them into these places. And there's so many projects going, and we have such a strong team, we're building the infrastructure. I think this one is the big deal, and I see at least 2. 
Julie Whalen: And Chuck, back to the algorithm for $10 billion, it was assumed it was $1 billion in 5 years. So for a 100 comp, $700 million this year, could it be $1 billion next year? 
Laura Alber: Yes. I would think that maybe we're being a little conservative on that when you do that math. 
Charles Grom: Yes, that's what I'm getting at. Okay, great. And then just on occupancy, $183 million, you addressed the increase. Is that a good run rate to use sort of quarterly going forward? Or should we expect that to come down as you renegotiate leases, close stores, et cetera? 
Laura Alber: Yes. I mean that's always a tough one to nail with precision. I mean, yes, last quarter, it was relatively in line with this quarter. In Q4, there's a lot more variable occupancy that goes into play. And remember that we have a lot more of our capital projects that go in, and we're spending more on capital projects. So there's a depreciation play within occupancy. And we've put in place the new East Coast distribution, which is fantastic news because it supports our strong growth.
 On the flip side, which is fantastic, is that we've been really strong with our retail optimization efforts. And so we brought down the costs associated with rent on our stores. And so we're able to mute the growth of occupancy to be below sales growth, and that is what we expect to continue and why we can continue to drive leverage and occupancy.
 But to give you an exact growth rate is difficult. So because it's going to move around a little bit by quarter for those reasons. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Simeon Gutman of Morgan Stanley. 
Hannah Pittock: And this is actually Hannah Pittock on for Simeon. My first question, within selling margins, if we think about the year-over-year expansion, can you give us some qualitative color on how much of that was lower promotions, taking price, and to the extent that there was an offset there in higher product costs? Just some of the puts and takes within the selling margin. 
Julie Whalen: I mean, obviously, as we've been saying all year, we've been very successful with merch margin expansion, and we saw that continue. So that is the biggest driver is us pulling off of our site-wide promos. And we continued that all year, and yet we've been able to drive incredibly strong top line. So that's the biggest piece.
 Certainly, we did incur higher raw material costs like everybody else. But we've been able to navigate through it much better than everyone else, we believe, because of the fact that we design and house our product, and we can engineer it for value. And so we can make the necessary changes that we need to make to be able to still drive value for the customer and still drive profit to the company.
 The other thing I would say that is not reflective in there that you're -- that it's something new this quarter is we did incur a substantial ocean freight costs. And so I think you need to think about -- but for those, our expansion would be from a product margin perspective, would be in line with Q2. And so our merch margin expansion is still very strong.
 We have not seen that come back. We're still driving it. And in fact, if you take our selling margins and you look at them on a 2-year basis, we're in line with the first half of the year. And if you add back the ocean costs were actually is the highest a 2-year comp we've had in those selling margins. So we feel really great about the strength of our business. 
Hannah Pittock: Got it. And maybe a quick follow-up. Any issues raising prices within specific banners? Are there some that the customer tends to display a little bit more elasticity? Or is it consistent across the brands? 
Laura Alber: It's Laura. The most important change that we've made is to not run site-wide promotions. And that was a change that we started to test into before the pandemic and then got more and more bold after we saw the results. And it really speaks to the pricing power that we have because we are one of the only people who design and source their own products. We're not selling other people's things to the same extent that a lot of other people in the space are, so you can't compare the price. We are not looking to change our value equation though.
 At the same time, as we have stopped the promotions, we are giving our customers better value, as Julie said, all the time, it is so important to us that the customers see our product, they love it, the quality they know is great, they know it's sustainable, and we have the best price with shipping in the market. And it's really hard for them to find it anywhere else. And that's what we're doing more than thinking about it in terms of what can they stand and what can they not stand. It's about giving them the best value out there in the entire market. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jonathan Matuszewski of Jefferies. 
Jonathan Matuszewski: Nice quarter. First one is just on industry-wide promotionality. Curious what you saw this quarter. I recall last quarter, you shared an observation that peers were increasing their promotional activity while your selling margins were up and your clearance activity was down a lot. So just kind of big picture, what were you seeing across the competitive landscape? And why do you think peers feel the need to mark down their product to sell in this environment? 
Laura Alber: So remember that a large portion of our industry is still brick-and-mortar small retailers, many of whom are stuck with the wrong inventories. They have to clear, they have the cash flow. So there's a lot of liquidation going on in the streets, right? And while that's not easy to find and compare to, it's a reality.
 In terms of the big players, you've, I'm sure, read the reports and seen who's performing and what they're doing and where their margins are. And you can just -- if you sign up for their e-mails, you'll see a lot of promotions. You'll see 20 offs, you'll see couponing, you'll see site wides, you'll see all sorts of different offers that they produce. And it is coming back. You also are seeing people have all their early Black Friday deals in great quantities compared to us.
 And so those are all factors in the marketplace. And as I said, we're going to continue to offer the customer great value, and we're going to work to design products that exceeds their expectations and that they can't buy elsewhere. 
Jonathan Matuszewski: Yes, that's helpful. Thanks for the color there. And then just a quick follow-up on the B2B side. You've obviously seen significant share gains on this side of the market in a fairly short time frame. Are you anticipating any incremental investment required to continue scaling this business going forward? Or is it just going to be a matter of leveraging the current infrastructure with new customer acquisition and being able to continue to own without a significant uptick in expenses? 
Laura Alber: It's a really profitable business. We've hired a lot more people to sell for us, and that's really what we're doing, but they do a ton of volume each versus when you think about other models that we have or others have. These are big accounts and their annuities and that once they start doing business with us, they need to replace things.
 And so it's -- yes, we give them a discount, but it's very accretive to our margins. And it's not a big step-up investment. We do have some things we're doing to automate the selling and make some investment there, but not like you've seen when we've done other initiatives in the past. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brad Thomas of KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Bradley Thomas: Let me add my congrats as well here. My question was about the outlook here for the holiday season. And obviously, you've given very explicit guidance for how we should think about sales and margins as it's implied for 4Q. But I was a little bit more curious about how you're thinking about seasonal merchandise and how it performs versus the core business. How you're thinking about perhaps some pull forward that may have occurred if consumers are anticipating shipping delays. And how confident you are in your ability to deliver this given I believe you said inventory hands up about 3%? Congrats on the great results, and I would love to hear some color on this. 
Laura Alber: It's so exciting to be able to get together with family and friends against for the holidays. Remember, Thanksgiving last year, it was like Thanksgiving turkey for 2. And so this year, we're sold out of all the big turkeys. I mean they're gone, I'm so sorry. And that goes for a lot of other products, too, that we planned high and the exuberance of the customer to get together with their family friends has just begun. We're in the entertaining stage of the holidays, the gift giving as much as we all want to move it early, they wait, they wait until later.
 But the entertaining and decorating stage is well underway. And as I said, I'm thrilled that we got our seasonal stuff in and stacked. It's in our stores, it looks gorgeous, and it's flying, flying.
 Core business is also super strong. I said in my prepared remarks how strong our core furniture franchise business is. And so that's something that we continue to see as an opportunity, particularly as we finally get back in stock because as we get more and more in stock, the customer lead times go down, they do buy more.
 So we're doing this well with a lot less inventory than we'd like. The inventory in transit is nice and stout. So we do see some recovery on its way, and we'll see some nice back order fill coming as well. 
Bradley Thomas: Great. And Laura, if I could ask a follow-up just about expansion of new brands. Obviously, the company has a history of making acquisitions and growing from within. I'd be curious if you could share any color on how you're thinking about new brands down the horizon and how you're thinking about that. 
Laura Alber: We are very focused on growth. And we've identified some very serious growth initiatives in our core brands. And within the core brands, there's very big businesses that are underserved. I think I've mentioned before, how small the outdoor business is for West Elm or how small the Christmas decor business is for West Elm. And Pottery Barn, they just started to go after bath. And we have some that we haven't announced yet that are categorical and that are big opportunities in the market. We mentioned B2B.
 We're now designing into B2B. So for example, before we were just doing contract-grade versions of our stuff, now we're designing restaurant tables and benches and banquets and all those things that restaurants and hotels want. We actually design it for them and then it goes in our line just like we did for the workspace. So there's a lot of product extensions that we are bringing in. And of course, we're always looking at the landscape and thinking about new aesthetics and possibly new brands. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Oliver Wintermantel of Evercore ISI. 
Oliver Wintermantel: I had a question regarding your comp, the composition of that. If you could talk a little bit about transactions versus ticket? And maybe you can also talk a little bit about store traffic. I think that was down last quarter if that improved? And how much of the ticket was pure inflation? 
Laura Alber: I can give you some of it. So in terms of store traffic, we are actually seeing better traffic comps than the national traffic. People love our stores. We tend to be the place to go. So we're better than national, but we're still negative to 2019. So I'm so excited about that number because can you imagine when the number comes up? So we have a lot of room to go.
 Stores are experiential. We have design services, we have omni services, and we're driving higher ticket conversions, great, traffic is down.
 In terms of all the other metrics that you might think about, it depends. You can have a lot of traffic on the websites unqualified or you can have high conversions qualified.
 I mean, look, the metrics are great because we're selling a lot more in both channels. As you can see, we have really strong channel comps on both. But we are selling more units per order, and we're selling higher ticket because they're buying whole houses. And that's really a function of this cross-brand initiative that we've talked about, but also as we look to design whole houses and furnish their entire room and use our design services and our online outward 3D services, it really helps them feel more confident buying more for the room versus just maybe the bed that they set out to buy. 
Oliver Wintermantel: Thanks, Laura. And Julie, I think you said on SG&A growth, it was -- did you say it was all advertising or most of it? Or if you could parse it out a little bit more, please. 
Julie Whalen: It's really all advertising, the deleverage, but it did come down from the second quarter from a deleverage perspective. And again, the point of that is that we're coming off of low levels off of 2020, and we're seeing this as a competitive advantage to invest in high ROI advertising.
 Many, many companies, as you've been reading and hearing have been pulling back because they have to be able to hit the bottom line. And we see that as an opportunity for us with our record operating margins to be able to go in and really invest in it and drive growth for the future. So that's what we're doing. 
Operator: We'll take our last question from Steven Zaccone of Citi. 
Steven Zaccone: I had a question on the supply chain. Could you talk a little about your ability to diversify the supply chain just as sourcing continues to be a pain point into next year, maybe a little bit worse than you're anticipating?
 And then I guess the other topic -- other question related to supply chain is just you've probably been dealing with some elevated container costs and some elevated transportation costs. Is there opportunity to recoup some of those costs as we get into next year? 
Julie Whalen: Thank you for the great question. We're vertically integrated. As I said earlier, we designed -- we sourced -- we have, I think, 800 people in our Asia operations. We've been at this for a while. We have strong relationships with our vendors, and we are nimble. You watched us cover the really difficult tariff that people couldn't believe we could cover. I mean that was -- that's no small situation. And so yes, there's always a new challenge around the corner. I mean you just wait for it. But the great news is our team is so strong, and they usually see it coming before anybody else and they work to mitigate it.
 We're already thinking about next year and what it might be on the horizon and how we get in front of some of those things. It's also an advantage that we have multiple distribution points in the United States, so we can bring goods into multiple ports, which a lot of people can't do without spending a lot of money on dray. And so that's something that will serve us well, I think, next year. And we're also opening up and sourcing in other parts of the world that we've never sourced in large quantity in. And so whether it's Mexico or Brazil, we're looking at those markets very strongly and see opportunity in those markets.
 So I see our supply chain as a competitive advantage that allows us to really bring in great product and to deliver great quality. In terms of next year and the cost pressure, as Julie mentioned, we did spend more money this quarter that we just announced with bringing in our goods so that they'd be ready for the holidays.
 And while we improved our operating margin better than anyone thought we would, that money was in there. And that is an opportunity for next year because we don't see that continuing even into Q4. We see that, going forward, we will not have the same amount of cost. We'll have higher costs in some cases for the general contract on transportation, but we won't see the spot rate be as big a percent of our total containers in as we did for Q3 and Q2. Do you have anything to add to that? 
Steven Zaccone: No, that's fine, if you have comments, Julie. I guess the other question I had is just given the continued top line strength in the business, would you ever consider slowing your plans to close stores? 
Laura Alber: No, we're only closing stores where we can find a better opportunity where the mall is not a proud moment or the economics really don't work. And we've been really successful in opening bigger, better stores and driving the customer to a better experience. I think it's a really important part of a brand's development to keep improving your retail footprint because that's how the customer sees the brand. And so if you're a local store is not up to date, that's not good for your online sales.
 So it's a really important part of our -- what we do. And we set pretty high numbers for our retail profitability. We're hitting them, but we will continue to consolidate where we have stores that are just lagging. And as I said, it can either be lagging in financials or lagging in the brand -- the way the brand sits with you as you go into that store.
 But I'll tell you, on the flip side, we are so proud of our beautiful stores right now. And I really invite all of you to go visit, buy some things for Thanksgiving or the holidays. And you'll see what I'm talking about those gorgeous stores are doing -- those people in those stores are doing such an amazing job, selling and helping our customers right now, and we're just so proud of them. 
Operator: At this time, I'd like to turn the call back to management for any additional or closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: Well, thank you all for joining us. It's been another great session talking to you all, and I appreciate all of your support. And I again wish you happy holidays, happy Thanksgiving and happy shopping. 
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-25 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded.
 I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Brian Yee, Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance and Treasury to discuss non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking statements. Please go ahead, sir. 
Brian Yee: Thank you. Good afternoon. This call should be considered in conjunction with the press release that we issued earlier today. Unless indicated otherwise, our discussion today will relate to results and guidance based on certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and our explanation of why the non-GAAP financial measures may be useful are discussed in Exhibit 1 of our press release.
 This call also contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, trends, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2021 and beyond and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements.
 Please refer to the company's current press release and SEC filings, including the most recent 10-K for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call.
 I will now turn the conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer. 
Laura Alber: Thank you, Brian. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you all for joining us. We are proud to report another quarter of outperformance with a 30% comp, strong growth across all brands and channels and 360 basis points of operating margin expansion.
 These second quarter results demonstrate the success of our growth strategies and the earnings power of our company. We have an advantage in our industry due to our exclusive in-house design capability, our channel strategy, which is digital-first, but not digital only, and our values with sustainability and equity underlying all that we do. Our teams have proven their ability to move with agility and to execute against macro complexities while building for the future and improving the environment for our customers, our communities and our associates.
 The momentum we are seeing in our business and our winning positioning set us up to continue to take share in a fractured market. We do not see any evidence that growth trends are waning. And in fact, we see favorability in the macro environment as more people prioritize their homes and home decor. We believe we are at the intersection of a transformative change that will accelerate the growth of our industry and our market share within the industry.
 Home sales in 2021 are expected to grow more than 20%, the most sales recorded since 2005. The acceptance of remote work is gaining traction with a number of remote hybrid workers expected to nearly double in 5 years from pre-COVID metrics. In addition, our growth strategies are gaining traction faster than we predicted, and our key differentiators are further distancing us from our competition. Therefore, we see a clear path to beating our previous revenue and profitability targets, and we are raising our full year revenue outlook again with revenue growth now expected to be in the high teens to low 20s and operating margins now expected to be in the range of 16% to 17%.
 Given our increased optimism, we now expect to achieve our long-term goal of $10 billion in revenues in 2024, 1 year faster than previously expected and with higher profitability, which will now be at or above our increased FY '21 operating margins.
 Now I'd like to talk in more detail about why our model stands out from the competition. First, our positioning. Our customers shop with us because we design high-quality and sustainable products that are engineered for value. Our platform of loved brands allows us to serve customers who are looking for quality and sustainable products at a great value across a wide range of aesthetics and scale.
 The home furnishings market is extremely fragmented. Our addressable market is $780 billion, and we currently only own approximately 1%. As the disruption from brick-and-mortar to online continues, our digital-first advantage built from decades of investments into our technology, supply chain and digital marketing infrastructure will only further distinguish us from competition and competitors that are retail dominant. And relative to the other strong online players in the market, our model is the only one with an exclusive product line and a high service model.
 Second, our growth strategies are working. And the new opportunities generated from these initiatives are incremental to our business today. From our existing brands, we have a long runway to expand our reach with existing and new customers. In West Elm, we are expanding into product white space and accelerating our presence both online and through new stores to drive our brand awareness from 20% to 60%. These growth initiatives will fuel our goal of growing this brand to $3 billion in revenues by 2024.
 In the Pottery Barn brands, we expect to reach nearly $5 billion by 2024 by driving incremental growth in categories such as upholstery, bath, baby and dorm. And our new updated aesthetic is resonating with both existing customers and a younger demographic of customers that are in the household formation mode.
 Williams-Sonoma is transforming their model to reach new customers with a higher penetration of e-commerce and a winning new store model supported with more product, exclusive products. And we have a substantial growth opportunity to take share in the high-end market with Williams-Sonoma Home.
 Rejuvenation, and Mark and Graham, with both having aggressive and profitable e-commerce growth in underserved categories, will further drive market share gains as they scale. Additionally, we have accelerators to our core business such as B2B, which is positioned to disrupt an underserved industry and further diversify our customer profile. B2B is now on track to reach almost $700 million by this year's end, which is well ahead of our growth goals to grow this business to at least $2 billion.
 Our global business, which is led by our capital-light franchise model, allows us to move into markets faster and more profitably and is targeted to become at least a $700 million business by 2024. Our cross-brand initiatives, which are supported by our best-in-class marketing effectiveness teams and loyalty programs like our new cross-brand credit card and growing key programs, are driving incremental growth within our brands.
 And finally, our design services, both online and in stores, we have built an ecosystem of design tools, which allow us to help furnish our customer spaces with 3D renderings created with our talented design staff or in a self-serve model online with virtual help. We already see the investments we have made in this technology paying off as large ticket orders and cross-brand orders continue to grow and as return rates continue to come down. The competitive advantage we are creating with our service model and tools will continue to grow into the future, led by our technology talent and digital-first and service mindset.
 In summary, the amplified power of all these factors, i.e., the macro, our winning positioning and our growth drivers, provides an overwhelming case for outsized returns into the future. Now as it relates to Q2, I would like to give you a few highlights, which foretell the opportunity I outlined above. Our growth this quarter was driven across all brands and channels. E-commerce grew at 12% and retail drove a 98% comp with both channels growing at a 2-year comp of over 50%. We delivered these sales more profitably with operating margins expanding another 360 basis points to 16.7% versus last year at 13.1%.
 In Pottery Barn, we drove an almost 30% comp in the second quarter. All categories are outperforming with notable strength in our indoor rustic modern casual point of view and in our outdoor business. We're also building momentum in our brand partnerships and our new business initiatives, including marketplace, apartment and bath renovation, which are all growing above 30%. Our early fall results are strong with inspiring collections across categories.
 In Pottery Barn Kids and Teen, we drove another quarter of double-digit comps at 18%, with strength across our proprietary 100% GREENGUARD Gold furniture, record-setting results in our back-to-school business and over 30% growth in our baby business.
 We saw an exceptional customer response to our expansion of personalized backpacks, new recycled fabrications and reusable eco-friendly food storage and water bottles as well as our new baby registry app. We are also seeing a very strong response to our Halloween launch, which should indicate a strong back half of the year with all the seasonal celebrations and gifting to come.
 In West Elm, our momentum continues to build with a 51% comp for the second quarter, which have strength across all categories with triple-digit growth in our upholstery and outdoor furniture businesses. We've expanded our year-round outdoor assortment and our new product collections and line extensions.
 New categories such as bath, kitchen and West Elm Kids are also fueling incremental growth for the brand. Our fall season is off to a strong start with continued strength across all categories and an exceptional response to our new opening price points, line extensions and new introductions.
 In the Williams-Sonoma brand, we drove another strong quarter with a 6.4% comp on top of last year's 29.4% comp, powered by our content-led marketing and a higher percentage of exclusive and Williams-Sonoma branded products, while at the same time, substantially reducing promotional activity. We see strength across key categories and follows off to a strong start.
 We're also very excited to share that our new store model is working. In Q2, we opened 3 new stores with our newly designed inspiring store design. These stores are lighter and brighter with clear destinations, improving the shopping experience. These stores are exceeding our forecast, and they represent a material opportunity for us to strengthen the brand and drive more profitable retail results.
 As a reminder, we have nearly 50 of our Williams-Sonoma stores up for renewal this year, which provides us the opportunity to materially improve profitability or close. Our Williams-Sonoma Home business continues to scale with our strategic reposition of the brand as a premium online furniture destination.
 Our high-end sustainable casual aesthetic is resonating with our high-end customers in an underserved market. We saw triple-digit demand comp in outdoor furniture, further validating our belief with the right assortment and digital presentation that WS Home brand will be one of our biggest growth opportunities.
 Cross-brand, our B2B division, continues to accelerate with another record breaking quarter, up nearly 125% to over $100 million (sic) [ $180 million ] in revenue. We continue to expand our portfolio of customers, which range from Fortune 500 companies to small businesses. Year-to-date, 71% of our sales have come from repeat customers and 50% of the B2B customers have shopped from more than one brand in our portfolio.
 We are a go-to resource for our clients across a range of their purchasing needs from furniture to corporate gifting. In addition to the sales growth, we are continuing to make notable progress on our strategic initiatives to further accelerate the growth of this business. We continue to believe that our differentiators and our ability to tailor to our customers' unique needs will allow us to further disrupt this industry and gain market share.
 In addition to B2B, we are making progress migrating our customers across our brands. As a reminder, cross-brand customers spend over 2x more than those who shop only one brand. And only 30% of our customers shop cross-brand today. We believe our brands offer an assortment that fulfills all rooms of the home with a product offering that is designed in-house, made from sustainable materials and of the highest quality.
 At the core of the cross-brand loyalty program is the key, our free loyalty program that incents and rewards customers for shopping across our portfolio. We also recently announced our partnership with Capital One with a new cross-brand credit card, which just launched and should further incentivize this cross-shopping behavior.
 Now I'd like to discuss the power of our digital-first advantage. E-commerce continues to drive our growth and profitability. Our in-house tech platform and rapid experimentation program continue to differentiate our customer shopping experience by improving speed, visibility to orders, site personalization and selling capabilities.
 For example, as we mentioned last quarter, more customers are using our 3D design tool, the Design Crew Room Planner, where we typically see 2x as many sales as we do with our average customer. In the second quarter, we saw even more usage. Plans created grew 35% over last year. This engagement with our customers extends with great service and presentation in our stores and omni services, which complement our digital platform.
 This operating model allowed us to generate strong e-commerce growth, maintaining at 65% of our revenue mix, while delivering some of the highest retail growth we have seen on both a 1-year and 2-year basis. The cohesiveness of our websites, stores and storytelling brings our products to life, improving our customers' ability to visualize and imagine our products in their home. And with the evolving nature of shopping behaviors, this synergy from our digital-first omni models have never felt more relevant.
 We are also proud to see quantifiable progress in our commitment to values, which is our third key differentiator. This quarter, we released our 2020 Impact Report, detailing progress on our ESG goals. We are proud to have already exceeded many of our goals, including our use of responsibly sourced wood, our commitment to pay fair trade premiums to our workers and our goal to invest in education and empowerment for workers.
 By the end of 2021, we intend to keep 75% of our waste from stores, distribution centers and offices out of landfill. This year, we have also set new long-term commitments, which includes selling 75% of our products with labels aligning with our social or environmental initiatives, significantly reducing our carbon footprint and sourcing 75% of our product purchases from suppliers with worker well-being programs. We believe our values of prioritizing the health of our planet, the well-being of our people and a shared sense of purpose to foster long-term sustainability, resonate with our customers and will drive positive change in our industry.
 As we look forward to the second half of the year, we remain confident in our ability to continue taking market share. Our upcoming product pipeline is strong, and we anticipate continued momentum across our entertaining and gifting-related categories as we move into the holiday seasons. Quarter to date, we continue to see strong top line growth and strong margins.
 As we look beyond this year, we have a clear path to drive top line and bottom line growth. Our operating models and our pricing power, resulting from our key differentiators, our in-house design, our digital-first channel, and our values, will set us apart from our competition and allow us to drive long-term growth and profitability. And this is why we have raised our full year and long-term outlook and have announced another quarterly dividend increase and a new increased share buyback program.
 Before I pass the call to Julie, I want to thank our team for their incredible commitment and hard work. Their energy, creativity and integrity are the pillars for the outstanding performance we continue to achieve.
 And with that, I would now like to pass the call over to Julie to discuss our financial results in more detail. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon, everyone. The continuation of our strong top line growth at record profitability levels was validated again with another quarter of outperformance on top of elevated growth last year.
 Our second quarter results reflect the power of our operating model and our 3 key differentiators. We are one of the only companies with an exclusive in-house design capability combined with a channel strategy that is digital-first, but not digital only, and that leads with sustainability and values across our business and in the communities where we work. All of this is becoming increasingly more important to the consumer as evidenced by our strong second quarter results.
 Turning to our second quarter results in more detail. Net revenues grew over 30% to approximately $1.95 billion with comparable brand revenue growth of 29.8% and 40.3% on a 2-year stack. Growth was broad-based starting with West Elm, with a record comp of 51.1%, which was an acceleration from the first quarter and an over 58% comp on a 2-year basis.
 Pottery Barn, our largest brand, delivered almost $750 million of revenue with a 29.6% comp and an almost 38% 2-year comp. Pottery Barn Kids and Teen drove another quarter of double-digit comps at 18% and an almost 23% comp on a 2-year basis. In the Williams-Sonoma brand, comps were 6.4% on top of the highest prior year compare of a 29.4% comp, resulting in an almost 36% 2-year comp. Our emerging brands, Rejuvenation, and Mark and Graham combined, accelerated to a 42.3% comp and an almost 58% comp on a 2-year basis. And our global business grew almost 50% to approximately $116 million.
 Moving down the income statement. We saw another quarter of substantial gross margin expansion of 710 basis points to 44%. Our selling margins drove 500 basis points of this expansion, which was an acceleration from the first quarter. It is evident our strategic decision to materially pull back on promotions is proving to be viable even with tougher compares. The fact that the products we sell are proprietary, high-quality and sustainable and are engineered for value enables us the pricing power to provide product at an initial great value in lieu of site-wide promotions.
 Occupancy costs also leveraged approximately 210 basis points, resulting from higher sales and low occupancy dollar growth. Occupancy costs were approximately $176 million or flat to the first quarter. Year-over-year occupancy costs grew 5.9%, primarily due to several rent abatements that were recorded last year during the second quarter. The occupancy benefits we are seeing from our rent renegotiations and the net closure of 33 stores at the end of 2020 has enabled us to minimize occupancy dollar growth and deliver this leverage. And we expect this benefit to continue based on our plan to close approximately 25% of our fleet over the next 5 years.
 SG&A in the second quarter was 27.3% of net revenues compared to 23.9% last year, deleveraging 340 basis points year-over-year. This rates held relatively in line with the first quarter and reflects the lowest second quarter SG&A rate we have had outside of last year, where we have substantially reduced our spend across the business in response to COVID and particularly in advertising. As a result, the year-over-year deleverage is primarily in advertising, where we have made incremental investments to drive our profitable top line growth and market share gains.
 Given the strength in our business, we have made a strategic decision to incrementally invest in high ROI advertising to drive new customer acquisition and to drive our growth in the back half and beyond. We see this as a competitive advantage as we are able to make these investments and still drive record profitability levels at a time where this may not be possible for others. And it is paying off with record new customer counts, including e-commerce customers growing almost 30% on a 2-year basis, the highest growth we have seen.
 We are pleased to see that despite these incremental costs, our overall cost discipline throughout SG&A allowed us to hold our rates at a pre-COVID historically low level helping to deliver another quarter of record profitability.
 Operating income grew to a record $326 million, resulting in an operating margin of 16.7%, expanding 360 basis points over last year. This resulted in diluted earnings per share of $3.24, up 80% from last year's record second quarter earnings per share of $1.80.
 On the balance sheet, liquidity levels remain strong. With $476 million year-to-date in operating cash flow or more than double last year, we ended the quarter with $655 million in cash after funding the operations of the business, paying off our term loan of $300 million earlier this year and maximizing shareholder returns.
 During the second quarter, we invested another $36 million in capital expenditures and returned over $180 million to shareholders in the form of $45 million in dividends and $135 million in share repurchases. Year-to-date, we have repurchased over $450 million of our shares or approximately 3x our full year typical share buyback level which reflects our confidence in the sustainability of our strong growth and profitability and our commitment to maximizing returns for our shareholders.
 Moving down the balance sheet. Merchandise inventories, including inventory in transits, were $1.171 billion for an increase of 12% over last year. However, our inventory on hand and available for sale is still down to last year with a 2.5% decline. Our inventory levels have sequentially improved. However, they are not at the levels we had expected at this time. We continue to be impacted by our stronger-than-expected demand across all brands as well as various supply chain disruptions, including industry-wide container shortages coming out of Asia, delays due to COVID surges in Vietnam and Indonesia, and a recent port closure in China. And it's hard to predict with certainty when these supply chain challenges will be fully resolved. As a result, at this point, we expect back order levels to remain elevated with moderate improvements in our inventory levels through the balance of the year.
 Now let me turn to our expectations for the rest of the year and longer term. As Laura said, we are raising our 2021 outlook from low double digit to mid-teen revenue growth to high teens to low 20s revenue growth, with operating margins now projected to be in the range of 16% to 17%. We are confident in our ability to deliver this higher outlook given the strength of our business year-to-date, the accelerating momentum in our growth initiatives and the macro trends that will fuel our business for years to come.
 As a result of our strong expectations for 2021 and beyond, we see an accelerated path to growth and profitability longer term. We now believe we will hit our target of $10 billion in revenues by 2024 or 1 year earlier and with higher profitability holding at least at our further raised fiscal year '21 operating margin.
 I would now like to tell you why we are so confident in maintaining these operating margin levels. We believe we are best positioned to continue to deliver record level operating margins despite increased raw materials, freight costs and distribution center labor for the following reasons: ongoing overall sales leverage, including the additional accretion from our growth initiatives that have a higher operating margin. An accelerating shift online where the operating margin profile is higher. Continued occupancy leverage from the renegotiation of our lease agreements and further store closures. The pricing power and our merchandise margins due to our differentiated product positioning with design-led, value-engineered and sustainable products. Various supply chain efficiencies, including automation and in-stock inventory levels and from a continued emphasis on overall strong financial discipline.
 As far as our capital allocation in 2021, we are maintaining our balanced approach of first investing in the business and then returning excess cash to shareholders. We are on track to invest towards the higher end of our range at approximately $250 million in the business this year, with spend prioritized on technology and supply chain initiatives that primarily support our e-commerce growth. Given the strength of our business and liquidity, we are taking this opportunity to aggressively pursue incremental investments in the business to support our long-term elevated growth.
 We also plan to return excess cash to our shareholders in the form of further increased quarterly dividend payouts and an increased level of share repurchases. Year-to-date, we have paid $91 million in dividends, a 15% increase and over $450 million in share repurchases compared to no repurchases last year. And today, given the strength in our business and our liquidity, we announced an additional quarterly dividend increase of 20% and a new share repurchase authorization to $1.025 billion, a $700 million increase to what is remaining on our existing share repurchase authorization.
 We are committed to maximizing shareholder returns and given our long-term growth and profitability outlook, we continue to believe that our stock is undervalued. As a result, we believe investing even more in our own stock will drive long-term financial returns for our shareholders.
 In summary, our results in the second quarter further validate our ability to deliver sustainable strong growth and profitability. We believe we are uniquely positioned with the favorable long-term macro trends, including a strong housing market driving ongoing investment in the home, the disruption of brick-and-mortar and an accelerating shift to e-commerce, the increasing importance of sustainability and being a values-driven company, combined with our key differentiators, our accelerating growth initiatives, our strong operating cash flow and liquidity and a proven track record of strong financial discipline. All of this will enable us to drive long-term growth and profitability and strong financial returns for our shareholders for years to come.
 I would now like to open the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Adrienne Yih from Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Well, another stunning quarter. So congratulations to the entire team. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: You're welcome. So I guess, Julie, I'll start with you about this second quarter of 43% gross margin, last quarter 44% gross margin externally reported this quarter. If you can, can you help us -- how does that kind of roll back up into merchandise margins relative to history? And how much more room is there to the upside on pure merch margins? And then secondarily, wanted to see AUC, right? So the average unit cost. Any color on what that's up maybe this quarter? And did that get worse in the third and fourth quarters as we've heard from many people? 
Julie Whalen: Thanks, Adrienne. As far as merchandise margin, I think, first of all, I want to remind everybody that we saw merch margin expansion back even in 2018. So this is something we've been working on. Obviously, not to this degree. We've had a fundamental shift in the company to substantially pull back on site-wide promotions. And the reason we can do that is because of our pricing power because of what we sell that it's in-house design, it's proprietary and it's designed for value, engineered for value.
 And so we can then come out with initial price that is relevant to the customer and a good value and allow us to not do as many site-wide promotions. And so that's a fundamental shift that we have now been pursuing pretty aggressively for a while now. And so we think this can continue. Will it continue at the same degree? Probably not. I would model that to the same degree. We're very pleased to see continuing strong selling margin expansion from, I think, it was $400 million last quarter to $500 million this quarter.
 Obviously, we also are going to have some raw material price increases and freight cost increases, so that's going to put pressure on that line. But I think the team has done an incredible job of managing through that and mitigating those costs. And because we're vertically integrated, we're better positioned than most to be able to do that. So we do think this is sustainable, but maybe not to the same level. 
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Cristina Fernndez from the Telsey Advisory Group. 
Cristina Fernandez: Congratulations also on a strong quarter. Can you think about how demand progressed through the quarter and any additional color that you can give us about the third quarter so far? 
Julie Whalen: The demand was incredibly strong, but it's pretty much all quarter long. I mean, obviously, with these kinds of results that we've just had phenomenal top line performance. And as we said in our prepared remarks, we have not seen that wane. So we are very optimistic, clearly and confident about the future of our business. And it's just -- even on top of these elevated compares, we're seeing strong growth with 40% comps, both demand and net and Q1 and Q2 holding and strong growth as we enter the third quarter. 
Cristina Fernandez: And if I could ask a second question, thinking about the 16% to 17% operating margin longer term, what does that imply for the mix of the business between e-commerce and retail? Does it need to stay at the current level? 
Julie Whalen: Well, we have assumed that e-commerce will continue to grow. Obviously, we're pleased we're able to hold 65% despite the fact that we have the retail recovery this year, and so that makes it a little bit volatile, so to speak. But we're still holding at 65%. We've said before, we plan to at least grow it to 70%. And so that's assumed within our numbers. But we have many opportunities to drive operating margin expansion and to be able to at least hold where we plan to come out in 2021.
 First, we'll have the ongoing sales leverage with additional accretion by the way from our growth initiatives, which I think is really important to understand that in B2B, in marketplace and in franchise, for example, they may have some pressure on the gross margin line, but they are incredibly accretive to the total company operating margin. So as those have an outsized growth potential, as we've seen, they will, by themselves, help with the operating margin expansion going forward.
 And then you have an accelerating shift to online, which has always been more profitable. As you may recall, back for years, we used to report that it was above a 20% operating margin, and it's even higher today, obviously, with the top line sales flow through. So as that shifts more and more online, we expect that to drive operating margin expansion. Continued occupancy leverage will drive that. Given the fact that we're still optimizing our retail fleet, and we're renegotiating leases, and we're closing less profitable stores, I think we've demonstrated that we've been able to do that and hold our operating costs down while we're driving top line.
 And then it's back to our pricing power. The fact that we design our own product and engineer it for value that gives us a lot of leverage on the operating margin line, plus everything else from supply chain efficiencies and all kinds of things. So all of that gives us the confidence to believe that we at least can hold the 16% to 17% for this year and then going forward as accelerated pace on the top line. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Curtis Nagle with Bank of America. 
Curtis Nagle: So 2 quick ones. One just kind of out of curiosity thinking about -- I'm not asking any questions on sort of the cadence or growth of 3Q. But you guys have been working on registry rates, both for baby and weddings, those businesses probably weren't in great shape last year. Thinking about it, these are kind of opening up how much has, I guess, wedding in particular started to help? Or I guess, is it helping just given we finally are starting to see people get married again and actually celebrate? That's the first one.
 And then just second, just could you give any clarity in terms of July? I think you'd mentioned that some investments or more investments were being made in marketing or advertising dollars. How should we think about that relative to 1Q? Or kind of, I guess, quarter year-over-year in Q2. 
Laura Alber: Yes. Thanks. Let me start. It's Laura. With the question, I'm so glad you brought up wedding registry. I probably should have said it in my prepared remarks, it is phenomenal. As you can imagine, I mean, there weren't any wedding, now there are weddings. And we've -- I just asked Julie, if I could tell you, we're up 98% in wedding registry. I mean that's the sales. That's a big number. And baby's been up the whole time. We have a new baby app, which is very successful. We're learning across all of our brands, the more time we spend on mobile, the better because it drives conversion, it's really the choice for our customers.
 So you're going to see us do even more things with mobile and make it really help the selling proposition. But in those 2 very important life-stage buying opportunities, we're seeing tremendous growth, and we're continuing to support it with technology. Likewise, these trends, as I said, hybrid work and then the reality of people learn how to cook and they're still cooking and they love cooking, and so we're continuing to see those businesses in Williams-Sonoma that support those, whether it be coffee or food at home, those businesses are quite strong for us today, even though we had the big surge last year.
 And then the back-to-school, I mentioned in terms of going back to school, those backpacks are a big part of that tradition. And so of course, that's a business that we've seen really strong growth in. And as we craft into the season of holidays, Halloween is tremendous. If anybody on the call needs to buy anything, you should buy it now because we're seeing a very strong fast curve. And I imagine that we'll see the same with Thanksgiving and Christmas, which was a tough time for everybody last year and should be, hopefully, one where you can at least have small gatherings, if not more. So I think there's a lot of natural upside in life-stage trends that we are going to be right there with our customers on appropriately to help them make the most of those. So thanks for that question. I'm going to pass it over to Julie to answer the marketing advertising question. 
Julie Whalen: Yes. So as far as the advertising, we have said before that certainly, we're going to be incrementally investing in advertising year-over-year. Last year, certainly, that was a big lever for us to pull back on Q2 was some of the lowest spend in SG&A period, which advertising was a big piece of it until we could read the business and make sure that we were okay going forward. And so you're going to see year-over-year pressure on that line on SG&A because of it. But I think the key takeaway for you guys is to realize that it's a competitive advantage right now.
 I mean most companies don't have the same kind of margin expansion, whether it's merch margin, gross margin or operating margin expansion that we have that where we can take that and reinvest back into advertising when others may not be able to do so right now. They may have to pull back because they're trying to pay for freight or they're trying to pay for raw material increases or whatever it may be, and we don't have to do that right now. And so we're taking that opportunity and investing to drive new customer acquisition and to fuel future growth. And we think that's a real big competitive advantage. 
Operator: We'll hear next from Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. 
Seth Basham: Congrats on the strong results. I have one bigger picture question and one specific question. Bigger picture, I am very intrigued by your thoughts on this transformational investment in the home and the drivers behind that. When you think about the trend towards hybrid work environment, is that the primary thing that you're considering if you think about higher investment levels in the home furnishing, home furniture, et cetera, going forward? Or are there bigger things that you're thinking about? 
Laura Alber: Yes. I think it's the time we've all spent more at home has made us realize the importance of home. It has always been people's primary investment. And so that hasn't -- that's not a new piece, but the amount of time and the ability for you to improve that space is so real and the happiness that, that gives you and the productivity. And so it's not just hybrid work, it's everything. It's learning how to cook. You see trends of families having their kids come back and live with them or bringing in their parents to live with them and all those moves.
 At the same time, supply of houses is still too low. And there's a lot of people who are out looking for second homes and even if they can't afford it themselves, pulling the resources together with friends to complete that fantasy of buying get away home. And those are the things when you talk to people about what they're thinking about now and what's important to them, this is what you hear. You hear about their kitchen remodel. You hear about the second home they wish they could buy. I mean I'm sure you're hearing it with your friends and family.
 And this is a really, really important trend that I don't think is going to be transient. I think it's one that will continue to last for a long time and one that puts us in a very good position to not only take advantage of the trend but also gain share because, as I said earlier, there's just nobody really has much share in this world, and nobody is doing what we're doing. 
Seth Basham: Got it. That's helpful perspective. And then secondly, thinking about the outlook for the balance of the year, obviously, your guidance rate is impressive, but it does imply a material deceleration in comparable store sales on a 2-year basis from the first half of the year despite the fact that you guys mentioned that you see a very strong start and you expect strong holiday outlook. Is that just due to conservatism? Or is there something else that we should be thinking about? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. I wouldn't read anything more into that. As we've said, we've had very strong success year-to-date. We've said for quite a few quarters now, and we've seen it strong going into the third quarter. On the high end, we're guiding to low 20s, which is still very high on a 2-year basis. Certainly, we are taking into consideration like everybody else, the impacts from the supply chain challenges that are out there. But I think with our incredible supply chain team, we're best positioned to maneuver through that better than anybody, but we're being thoughtful of that, and that's why we have the range that we have. But with that said, there's absolutely no fundamental difference in our outlook for our business. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Chuck Grom with Gordon Haskett. 
Charles Grom: Congrats on an awesome quarter. Laura, you talked about not seeing any signs of a slowdown, but I'm actually curious if you're seeing an acceleration in your business with back-to-school here, some are ending et cetera? And I guess if so, what banner? And then at the same time, you've sized up B2B as, I think, a $700 million long-term opportunity. Can you just remind us what you think Williams-Sonoma Home could be long term? 
Laura Alber: Yes. Sure. I may need Julie's help on this. First of all, the obvious business that gets the most bang from back-to-school is our kids and teen businesses because that is we really address that. If you go to home pages, right now, you'll see that. And so of course, that would imply that those have the most upside relative to back-to-school.
 In terms of B2B, first of all, let me make sure that I didn't misspeak earlier as Julie wrote me a note and said, she thought I said $100 million when I meant to say $180 million for the quarter. So I'm going to take this opportunity with your question to correct myself if I misspoke, I apologize. So B2B, it is a really good question on how big this can be and when -- it's certainly faster than we ever expected. And we keep making jokes about how much bigger could it be. But we're certainly on track to we said $1 billion in what, Julie? 
Julie Whalen: Originally 5 years. 
Laura Alber: In 5 years. 
Julie Whalen: Now we're at $700 million this year, which is... 
Laura Alber: Yes, $700 million this year. So the reason I didn't put a number out there is because I don't want to be too small-minded about it. I can say a number, and then that is not even close to what our opportunity is. It's a monster opportunity. 
Charles Grom: Got you. And what about Williams-Sonoma Home? 
Laura Alber: Williams-Sonoma Home, I don't think we've put that number out there. We just -- we've really changed our strategy from doing parts of the stores being online focused, which we think is a huge advantage in the market. And we just brought a new leader in, and it's too early for us to put a number around it, but so far, so good. And I do see it as a big growth driver in a large underserved market. 
Charles Grom: Got it. And then one for Julie, just in order to get to that 16% to 17% EBIT margin here in '21 on a, let's say, a 20% revenue growth implies less flow-through in the second half of the year. It sounds like there's going to be some incremental ad spend. But can you just help us think about the puts and takes and any variability between the third and the fourth quarter that you want us to think about? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. I mean, certainly, ad spend will come into play in the SG&A line, but also we still believe we're going to have gross margin expansion both from merch margin expansion and from occupancy leverage. I wouldn't focus too much on that. I mean, the reality is if you look at the 16% to 17%, it's almost 2x where we were in 2019. So we're just being thoughtful of that. And certainly, we're also keeping in mind the increase of raw material costs and freight costs that everyone is maneuvering through. But could it be higher? Sure. But right now, we think this is the right target, given we've got a big back half to go, and we'll update you as we move through the year. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. 
Simeon Gutman: Nice quarter. Two quick questions. I missed prepared remarks. I didn't know what you talked about regarding freight, how you're navigating the environment, how your inventory position looks and then even into next year? And then the second part is on the advertising spend. I did catch some of that. Can you talk about the time frame in terms of return? Are you spending because you're seeing the immediate return? Or is this medium longer term branding? 
Julie Whalen: From an inventory perspective, what we said is you'll see sequential improvement. I think last quarter, it was 1.7% or something like that, and we moved to a 12% increase. But if you look at our inventory that's on hand available for sale, it's still a decline of 2.5%. So we're not where we expected to be. And that's just, quite frankly, because, one, where our demand just hasn't stopped. So it's constantly really high demand. So to get back in stock is really challenging.
 And you combine that with the supply chain challenges that all are facing, we are better positioned than most. I guarantee that given our scale and long-term relationships and our credible supply chain team and who always jumps ahead of this, way ahead of anybody to think about the tariffs and everything else that we did. And so certainly, that is impacting us. We're not immune to it. And so that will cause us to have higher back order levels and throughout the balance of the year, but we do expect inventory to improve moderately as we move throughout the year. 
Laura Alber: And there's things that I'm really proud of. I want to make sure we mentioned that are very competitive. So for example, right now, in our upholstery business, where we make our own -- a large percent of our own upholstery, we were previously quoting about 100 days, which is when you look at a lot of people's sites still better than most, but we are now down to 80 days. And looking at dropping that further as our incredible upholster teams are really producing more than anyone else. And so we're thrilled about that. And that's the kind of thing you gave us a good challenge.
 And I think most times, you're going to see we're going to outperform and take that challenge and make it into an opportunity for us because it's all about vis-a-vis custom furniture from anyone else. So Felix, would you like to answer the question about advertising without being too competitive about telling everybody how we do it, but answer that how we think about? 
Felix Carbullido: Yes, you got it. Simeon, so short term or long term, I guess, what we focus mostly on is return on investment, and then we really focus on customers who are in market. So in market for furniture, we're very focused on people looking to are either moving. As Laura mentioned, wedding, having a baby, those are high, high-value customers. And so our acquisition strategies around there are very strong and are prevalent throughout all of our banners.
 From a long-term perspective, again, when we see this uptick in furniture, that's always a good signal for us in terms of what it means from lifetime value. So I would say, without presenting it out,  we're focused on end market in the short term and then high-value customers in the long term. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Zach Fadem with Wells Fargo. 
David Lantz: This is David Lantz on for Zach. To start within merchandise margins, we were wondering if you could unpack that a little bit in terms of price increases, mix and the absence of promotions and clearance. And then a follow-up would be, how did traffic and ticket trend in the quarter? And what was the impact of inflation? 
Laura Alber: Boy, impact of inflation. I mean, that's a hard one to tease out. But in terms of promos, our strategy is to offer the customer great value in our products, but not to run a promotional business. And this quarter reflects that strategy. It's interesting, the broader competitive set I think is actually getting more promotional based on our research. And yet, we were able to outperform top line and bottom line without running promotions. We are aggressive about our inventory turns and about slow movers and interesting fact is that our clearance inventory is down 34% year-over-year because of our aggressiveness in clearing some of the slow movers, which is really, really important for us to continue to do with our large cube furniture.
 Traffic is another really interesting story because in our retail stores, believe it or not, as much as traffic has improved, it's still down to 2019, and we're running these crazy good comps. They're doing such a good job in our stores selling, and our product is so appealing to our customers. But imagine when the traffic comps, how much better it could even be. So yes, we are not back to 2019 level of traffic in our stores, but it is an opportunity.
 We're seeing customers buy more from us. They're buying more furniture and they're buying more pieces as they look at decorating their whole homes with us. And also, as I said earlier, online, they're shopping across brand. And we're pushing that. It's not just luck. It's that we are pushing cross-brand sales. And we just launched this week the new credit card. I think it might be before we run out of time, the opportunity to hand it over to Felix to talk about what makes this credit card different from our PLCC and Williams-Sonoma card before, Felix? 
Felix Carbullido: Yes. I mean we -- this week, Monday, in fact, we launched our new cross-brand credit card in partnership with Capital One as part of our ever-expanding loyalty program. And so when you shop with any of our brands online or in-store, you get 5% back in rewards. You get 10% back in your first 30 days. When you shop at what's incremental to our past programs is when you shop at grocery stores and restaurants, you receive 4% back. And when you shop anywhere else, you get 1% back in rewards.
 All cardholders, regardless of which brand they sign up for -- with get free shipping at Williams-Sonoma as well. So the card is designed to drive an increased retention in each individual brand, but it's also to incent and reward customers shopping across our brands. So as Laura said, that average sale per customer is one of our key weapons in terms of growth, and we continue to believe that we can increase our share of wallet by introducing our sister brands across our portfolios to our customer. 
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to management for any additional or closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: I just want to say thank you to you all for joining us and for your support, and I look forward to hopefully seeing you in person, and if not, talking to you again at the next quarter. Happy shopping. 
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. We do thank you all for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. 
 I would now like to turn the call over to Elise Wang, Vice President of Investor Relations, to discuss non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking statements. Please go ahead. 
Elise Wang: Thank you. Good afternoon. This call should be considered in conjunction with the press release that we issued earlier today. Unless indicated otherwise, our discussion today will relate to results and guidance based on certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and our explanation of why the non-GAAP financial measures may be useful are discussed in Exhibit 1 of our press release.  
 This call also contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which address the financial conditions, results of operations, business initiatives, trends, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2021 and beyond and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company's current press release and SEC filings, including the most recent 10-K for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call.  
 I will now turn the conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer. 
Laura Alber: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you all for joining us. We are proud to report another record quarter of accelerating revenue and profitability with over 40% comp growth and a 950 basis point expansion in our operating margin. These results were driven by strength across all of our brands. We are seeing strength in our core businesses and our new growth initiatives have outperformed.  
 As reopenings accelerate across the country, a record number of customers continue to shop with us as they invest in their homes. We are honored to be our customers' destination for their entertaining and home furnishing needs as they welcome friends and family back. As a result, we are raising our full year guidance from mid- to high single-digit revenue growth to low double-digit to mid-teen revenue growth and year-over-year operating margin expansion.  
 We believe our business is uniquely positioned to gain market share given our growth strategies and our 3 key differentiators, which are: one, our in-house design; two, our digital-first channel strategy; and three, our values. These differentiators are more relevant than ever with our customers and are setting us further apart from our competition.  
 Starting with our in-house design capability. We know that ultimately, everything starts and ends with product. Our in-house designers, combined with our vendor partners, create proprietary products that are high quality, sustainable and aesthetically unique. The strength of our value proposition has given us the opportunity to pull back on promotions. We see this as a sustainable change in our model and a game changer for the longer-term strength of our margins. In addition, our world-class design capabilities are driving new product launches across our brands.  
 In Q1, we saw strong indicators of growth in these new initiatives. For example, in Pottery Barn, our rustic modern casual point of view in furniture, home furnishings and decorating are driving double-digit growth in all categories. Growth in our bath renovation business accelerated to nearly 50% in the quarter, and our marketplace business gained momentum, growing over 70% in the quarter and reaching over 6% of our total Pottery Barn brand sales.  
 In Pottery Barn Kids and Teen, we continue to amplify our leadership in the children's home furnishings market with our emphasis on design and sustainability. We are proud that 100% of our children's furniture is GREENGUARD Gold certified and our in-house design furniture collections are distinctive in the market.  
 Furniture continues to be a key growth driver for the brand. We also saw outsized growth in key initiatives such as baby, which grew over 30% and our aesthetic expansion into modern, which comped nearly 70% over last year.  
 In West Elm, in addition to broad-based strength, our aggressive expansion in the outdoor category has been successful and incremental. This quarter, our outdoor furniture business grew at a comp of nearly 140%, driven by line extensions and our top-performing collections and new product introductions. We've expanded our year-round assortment and plan to introduce several new collections over the next year that will nearly double our outdoor business.  
 Another exciting growth initiative is the expansion of our West Elm Kids business, including the launch of a dedicated e-commerce site. In the Williams-Sonoma brand, cooking-at-home and now entertaining-at-home are driving our customers' purchases. This quarter, we saw significant growth in all areas of entertaining, particularly outdoors, and Easter gatherings.  
 As the momentum builds with people coming back together and celebrating, we are well positioned to meet their cooking and entertaining needs as we head into the back half of the year. Additionally, in our Williams-Sonoma Home business, we delivered a 40% comp for the quarter. Our decision to reposition the brand as a furniture destination is paying off and customers responding very favorably to our high-end sustainable casual aesthetic.  
 Our outdoor collections, for example, are delivering over 200% growth. We continue to believe that Williams-Sonoma Home is one of our biggest growth opportunities as the high-end luxury furniture market remains significantly underserved, especially online.  
 Our cross-brand growth initiative, B2B delivered another record-breaking quarter, up nearly 165% or $100 million in revenues and is on track to reach over $0.5 billion by year-end. The momentum in our contract business accelerated throughout the quarter as the businesses started to reopen, and our win rates on large projects continue to improve.  
 One example of a high-profile project is with the Austin Football Club. Over the past 16 months, we have been furnishing the club state-of-the-art Q2 stadium that's set to host its first international game next month. We are also thrilled that we continue to see repeat business from some of our key customers like Salesforce, and we have a growing number of new projects currently underway. 
 Now I'd like to discuss our digital-first positioning as a key differentiator. E-commerce is and will continue to power our growth, demonstrated by our sustained step-ups in top and bottom line results. We have built our e-commerce platform over decades of investment, including a supply chain custom built to ship directly to customers, industry-leading in-house digital marketing capabilities, a digital-first house file and a sophisticated tech stack.  
 This quarter, our in-house tech platform and rapid experimentation program continued to deliver strong results. We introduced new features and improvements across the digital experience in site navigation and personalization, PIP experiences and in our proprietary product recommendations platform, all of which drove double-digit growth in engagement and a significant lift in revenue per visitor.  
 More of our customers are also utilizing our 3D design tool, the Design Crew Room Planner, with total plans created in Q1, up nearly 50% compared to last year. As a reminder, customers who utilize this tool continue to generate twice as many sales as the average customer.  
 We also have the advantage of being digital-first, but not digital-only. Our stores helped drive our online growth and our key competitive advantage. They give our customers the ability to experience our products in person, to access our convenient omni services and to take advantage of our free in-store or in-home design services. This operating model allowed us to generate strong e-commerce growth, maintaining over 65% of our revenue mix, while delivering some of the highest retail growth we have seen on both a 1-year and a 2-year basis. As a reminder, on our channel performance, we are up against store shutdowns from March 18 through the end of June last year and limited retail traffic due to COVID restrictions through the balance of the year. We are thrilled to see both our retail and DTC channels outperforming expectations.  
 Our results this quarter also demonstrate the effectiveness of our digital marketing investments. We continue to focus on high ROI advertising vehicles. We manage our advertising spend in-house and have developed a robust test-and-learn agenda across our portfolio of brands, allowing us to find efficiencies and to reinvest. And the margin upside we have seen from less promotions also enables us to invest more in incremental high ROI marketing initiatives to drive the top line.  
 We've also identified a large growth opportunity in cross-brand migration. We've seen a significant change in behavior since we launched The Key, our free loyalty program that allows customers to earn points across our brands and to use their rewards to any one of our brands. New customers are increasing their cross-brand spend at record levels, and we have just begun to tap into this opportunity. This year, we'll be implementing new cross-brand programs, messaging and events that will further accelerate this cross-brand shopping behavior. We believe this is one of our key incremental growth opportunities, and we look forward to sharing more with you as we have some very exciting launches coming this fall.  
 We are also proud to have made progress in the area of values, which is our third key differentiator. Last month, we became one of the first in our industry to commit to a science-based target for emissions reduction by 2030, including the goal of carbon neutrality across our own operations by 2025. We underwent an extensive year-long data gathering process using third-party experts and independent research alongside our company data to measure our carbon footprint and to arrive at this carbon reduction target.  
 We are also proud to be gaining traction on our goal to plant 3 million trees in 3 years with 1 million trees already planted since the campaign's inception at the beginning of 2021. In addition, we have recently included the top 100 companies of Forbes' Best Employers for Diversity, which honors our progress in creating a diverse and inclusive workplace for associates.  
 We also continue to build on our relationships with our Black Equity Action Partners, the NAACP, The Jackie Robinson Foundation and The National Urban League. And we have just established our new partnership with Asian Americans, Advancing Justice, Asian Law of Caucus. Hate-motivated attacks against the Asian community are simply unacceptable. We stand with the Asian community and our Asian associates, and we will continue to use our collective power to fight against hate, racism and inequity in all forms.  
 I would now like to discuss our outlook for the balance of the year and provide some insight into what we are currently seeing in our business. Quarter-to-date, our business remains strong. We are seeing top line growth and strong margin continue. This is particularly important because we are now comping a substantial spike in home category demand last year as a result of the pandemic lockdown. And this trend further confirms our confidence in our growth outlook in a more normalized environment. 
 From a supply chain perspective, although backorders remained high, we are working to restore our in-stock levels. We continue to do all that we can to expedite inventory flow, and we are proactively extending our product lead times where necessary and reaching out to customers with timely updates as we work through these delays. The situation, however, remains difficult, especially with the heartbreaking COVID crisis in India, which, of course, is impacting production. Our current estimate is that we should be back in stock during the third quarter. As it relates to cost increases that continue to pressure the industry, i.e., shipping costs and raw material increases, we are confident that we can achieve our profitability goals due to our strong product margin expansion and occupancy leverage.  
 From a macro perspective, we believe trends will continue in our favor. High consumer confidence, spending shift to e-commerce, the continuation of remote hybrid work and a robust housing market provides a strong backdrop to our strategies. Also as kids return to school, we've seen a significant recovery in our gear and dorm businesses and expect this will continue and be material as we move into the fall. In addition, the outsized growth across all of our entertaining-related categories, such as outdoor, dining and tabletop gives us confidence that the entertaining trend will further accelerate as we move throughout the year and as people welcome friends and family back into their homes, especially for the holidays. 
 We also see a big opportunity in gift-giving this year as people gather and reconnect to give gifts in person this holiday. As far as other parts of our business, our B2B sales are accelerating week after week as our project pipeline continues to expand with the reopening of businesses across the country. And our global operations are also gaining momentum with the reopening of our company-owned stores and strong franchise business across the world. 
 As we look ahead, we are confident in our runway for growth and profitability. The goals we have set are driving incremental growth faster than anticipated. Our brand differentiators continue to accelerate and favorable macro trends should continue to benefit our business for the long term. We are the only home furnishings retailer that's able to serve customers at scale online and provide the experience and convenience of physical retail with exclusive sustainable products, giving us the unique advantage to gain share for many years to come. 
 Before I pass the call to Julie, I want to thank our associates for their ongoing hard work and dedication. Their resilience and innovation are a key part of our success and our ability to continue to deliver profitable market share gains for the long term. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon, everyone. We are pleased to report another outstanding quarter of financial results. Revenue growth, margin expansion and earnings per share all accelerated and exceeded expectations, demonstrating the power of our 3 key differentiators and the great execution by our team. The strength we saw across all of our brands reinforces that the consumer has a continued appreciation for the home, resulting in a shift in consumer spending to our category which should continue to benefit our business for years to come. 
 Let's now review our first quarter results in more detail. Our net revenues reached approximately $1.75 billion with comparable brand revenue growth accelerating to 40.4%. We saw strong sequential acceleration across all brands, starting with West Elm at a comp of 50.9%, Pottery Barn at a 41.3%, Williams-Sonoma at 35.3% and Pottery Barn Kids and Teen at 27.6%. Our emerging brands, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham combined, delivered comp growth of over 35%, and our global business grew over 81% to approximately $100 million. 
 Moving down the income statement. Gross margin expanded a record 850 basis points to 43%, driven by substantially higher selling margins and occupancy leverage. Selling margins expanded for another consecutive quarter, up over 440 basis points year-over-year and 310 basis points from the fourth quarter, driven by higher merchandise margins and ship cost leverage, which reflects the higher mix of retail sales versus last year. 
 Higher merchandise margins were driven by a significant pullback in promotions. Our continued focus on marketing our proprietary design, sustainability and value in lieu of site-wide promotions allowed us to deliver another quarter of strong merchandise margins. Occupancy leverage of approximately 410 basis points in the quarter resulted from higher sales in another quarter of relatively flat year-over-year occupancy dollars at approximately $176 million as compared to $175 million last year. 
 Our ongoing efforts to optimize our retail fleet by either renegotiating rent or closing less profitable stores has enabled us to minimize our occupancy dollar growth and to deliver this occupancy leverage. As a reminder, we closed a total of net 33 stores last year and expect to close 25% of our total retail fleet in the next 5 years. 
 SG&A in the first quarter was 27.1% of net revenues compared to 28.1% last year, leveraging 100 basis points year-over-year. This was primarily driven by leverage in employment and other general expenses resulting from higher sales and overall cost discipline, partially offset by higher advertising as compared to our significantly reduced ad spend last year. As you may recall, as part of our initial financial response to COVID, we substantially reduced our spend across the business, particularly in advertising at this time last year. 
 Since then, we have been incrementally investing back into advertising to drive our profitable top line growth and we expect this to continue as we move throughout the year. Given the strength of our business, including our record profitability levels, we are pleased that we are able to incrementally invest in high ROI advertising to drive top line growth and market share gains while still delivering another quarter of SG&A leverage and substantial operating margin expansion. Operating income grew over 250% to $278 million and resulted in operating margin expansion of 950 basis points to 15.9%, a record high first quarter operating margin. This resulted in diluted earnings per share of $2.93 or nearly 4x higher than that of last year at $0.74. 
 On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with almost $640 million in cash and over $238 million in operating cash flow, a significant increase over last year. This strong liquidity position allowed us to fund the operations of the business, including $42 million in capital expenditures and to provide accelerated shareholder returns of over $361 million, consisting of increased quarterly dividends of over $45 million and a substantial increase in share repurchases of over $315 million. These accelerated returns, combined with a full paydown of our $300 million term loan during the quarter, along with the recent expiration of our 364-day $200 million line of credit facility, reflect our confidence in the long-term strength of our business and our commitment to maximizing returns for our shareholders. 
 Moving down the balance sheet. Merchandise inventories were $1.088 billion, for an increase of 1.6% over last year. While our inventory levels have sequentially improved, they continue to be impacted by our stronger-than-expected demand across all brands, as well as supply chain disruptions such as the West Coast ports congestion and Suez Canal blockage earlier in the quarter, the container shortage out of Asia and the COVID-related delays coming out of India. As a result of these challenges, we expect backorder levels to remain elevated until at least the third quarter of this year. We are also experiencing delays in our upholstery furniture production from the recent foam shortage which is currently causing our upholstered furniture quote times to be longer than usual. 
 Now let me turn to our expectations for the rest of the year. As Laura mentioned, we are raising our 2021 outlook from mid- to high single-digit revenue growth to low double-digit to mid-teen revenue growth, along with year-over-year non-GAAP operating margin expansion. 
 We are confident in our ability to deliver this higher revenue outlook given the strength of our business year-to-date, the strong housing environment and people's deeper appreciation for the home, the accelerating momentum in our growth initiatives, B2B marketplace and our global operations, and a planned sequential improvement in our inventory, enabling us to fill our significant backorders as we move throughout the year. 
 Now I would like to talk about profitability. Although there are ongoing cost pressures from freight and raw materials, as Laura mentioned, we believe our operating margin expansion will be driven by overall sales leverage, continued occupancy leverage from the renegotiation of our lease agreements and store closures, continued expansion in our merchandise margins due to our differentiated positioning with design-led value-engineered and sustainable products as well as from overall strong financial discipline. 
 As far as our capital allocation in 2021, we are maintaining our balanced approach to first investing in the business and then returning excess cash to shareholders. We are on track to invest approximately $200 million to $250 million in the business this year, with spend prioritized on technology and supply chain initiatives that primarily support our e-commerce growth. We also plan to return excess cash to our shareholders in the form of quarterly dividend payouts and increased levels of share repurchases compared to last year. 
 Our total share repurchase of over $315 million in the first quarter reflects our continued belief that our stock is undervalued, given our growth and profitability outlook. As a result, we believe investing more in our own stock will also drive long-term financial returns. Longer term, we remain well on track to reach $10 billion in net revenues and maintain at least 15% operating margins in the next 5 years. 
 In summary, our results in the first quarter and the progress we have made across our key growth initiatives reinforce our ability to drive long-term sustainable growth and increase profitability. We believe we are in the best position to take market share, especially in an environment where consumers are investing more in their homes, shifting increasingly online and are prioritizing design, value and sustainability in their purchases more than ever before. All of these gives us the confidence to deliver on our long-term outlook and to drive strong financial returns for our shareholders for years to come. I would now like to open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will go first to Oliver Wintermantel of Evercore ISI. 
Oliver Wintermantel: Laura, I'm looking -- you said the strength continued into the second quarter in revenues and margins while lapping the spike from last year. Does that -- if you could give a little bit more details on that? 
 And then secondly, the raise of the guidance that you provided today, if I look at the really strong outperformance in the first quarter versus expectations would probably get you there without touching the rest of the year. So is there anything that you learned during the first quarter that applies to the second half or the last 3 months of the year? 
Laura Alber: Sure. Thanks, Oliver. In terms of -- I mean the quarter to date, I mean, it's early in the quarter, but we are seeing strength and the stores are amazing. Traffic is still under where it was in '19. And that just shows you how much more room there is as traffic really comes back, as people feel even more comfortable shopping in our stores, and e-commerce continues to be a strong driver. And we are running a really regular priced business. That said, we are running -- we will run markdowns where we have seasonal issues. But there's substantial upside with the margin throughout the back half of the year, as I said earlier, and it's a -- it's an important change for us. It allows us to do a lot of other things that create that virtuous cycle where you can invest in other things that drive top line like the ad costs, which is very effective. 
 So in terms of the guidance, Julie, do you want to talk a little bit about that? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. I would say, Oliver, I wouldn't read too much into that. We are very confident in where we are today, both obviously because of our Q1 performance, which is phenomenal, but also where we are quarter-to-date. And if you look at it on the high end, basically, we are guiding to a mid-teen level on top of the 17 last year with operating margin expansion on top of last year's outperform that was above 560 over the year before. So We feel very confident in the future of our business, both on this year and to reaching our 5-year $10 billion targets, so I wouldn't read anything into that at all. It's just work early in the year. I mean that's the reality we gave the previous outlook 2 months ago. And now we've completed 1 quarter, and we've got 3 big quarters to go. And so obviously, as they move through the year, we will update you accordingly, but we feel very confident in our business. 
Operator: And we'll go next to Adrienne Yih of Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Good. Another great quarter, so congratulations. Laura, my question is on something that you had just said earlier in the Q&A session. It was about ad spend. And when we look at last year, the ad spend as a percent of the much higher sales, obviously fell to 5%, but it's historically been at 7%. As you move more and more to a pure-play e-commerce model, how do you look at that line item? And where do you think the right number should be? 
Laura Alber: Sure. It's an interesting question and one that I think you need to remain flexible on as we see different things happen in our business. We have Felix here. Felix, do you want to make some comments about our ad cost approach? 
Felix Carbullido: Yes. Absolutely. Thank you for the question. We continue to invest in advertising where we see the ROI. And as Laura mentioned, we've taken all of our online media buying in-house. We manage a cross-brand learning agenda across our 7 brands, which allows us to test and learn on one brand and roll it to the other. Our legacy and performance marketing dating back to our catalog days gives us that competitive advantage when it comes to just identifying top ROI tactics. So to answer your question, yes, we continue to see investment in online. It's paying back. We are still dedicated to the op margin goals for the company. But we are passionate about investing where we see the ROI. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Yes. And then, Julie, one quick one for you. So with the total store closures of 25% over the horizon, I mean that sort of implies that you will be closing decently four-wall positive stores. So how do you think about that? And I guess the question is, is that the case? Are you okay closing four-wall stores that other people might look at it and actually want that four-wall contribution, but because the e-commerce is so much more accretive, it's the right move? 
Laura Alber: Adrienne, it's Laura. I'd love to take that one. You're right. We are closing less profitable stores, but I think under anybody else's framework, they would like the four-wall. The difference is we would like to have the stores rival our e-commerce and profitability. And we think that's possible. We also know that there are some malls that we don't want to be in anymore. They're just not -- they're not good for the brand. 
 We also have some markets where there are too many stores. We never overstored, but there's still room for consolidation and room to have bigger, greater stores versus so many because we are a destination and people will drive to us. 
 In some cases, we're moving from one place to the next. We just opened a few great Williams-Sonoma stores and Pottery Barn stores in some new centers, lifestyle centers, and I'm thrilled with the results. So you're going to see us do great things for the retail and prune the bottom and take the total profitability of the company up. 
Operator: And we'll go next to Maksim Rakhlenko of Cowen and Company. 
Maksim Rakhlenko: Congrats on a very strong quarter. So first, can you maybe discuss a framework for what EBIT margin could look like this year? Maybe the lower end to the higher end of what's achievable? And really the most pertinent factors that could get you there? And then separately, longer term, as we think about your $10 billion revenue outlook, how do you think that could shake out in the core versus some of the newer businesses? And ultimately, when we sit in '25, what would it take for the core to be at the lower or the higher end of what is feasible? 
Julie Whalen: So from an EBIT perspective, I think the most important thing is that we are very bullish on our ability to drive profitability. We have not seen this level of merchandise margin expansion to this degree for a while now. And though we've been driving it from 2018 because of our change in our operating model and our perspective as to how to pull back on promotions, and that's a fundamental shift that we've made. 
 To this level, it's been incredible. And then you combine that with our occupancy leverage and, of course, the SG&A leverage that we've been able to drive, it gives us a lot of confidence in a very profitable operating margin like we delivered last year. I mean I think everyone was surprised by 14.2%, which is 560 over the prior year. And then they were surprised that we said we expand on top of that this year, and we are committed to doing that into driving at least 15% in 5 years. 
 And I think it could be higher. But for right now, obviously, we've got puts and takes, like everybody who else is out there, we've got raw material increases, and we've got freight increases and things like that, but we are best positioned to be able to offset that and drive very strong profitability that we're committed to doing for the foreseeable future. 
 On the revenue side, we are very confident as well about our $10 billion in the 5 years to come. Obviously, the core is a big base, and so that's a big driver of that growth. But really, our growth initiatives, I think you can underestimate. I mean one of my favorite that I always speak to is B2B. I mean it is on fire, and we have committed to well over $500 million for this year, and I think it's going to go even higher, much quicker than we thought. And so I think our growth initiatives, whether it's B2B, whether it's marketplace, whether it's our global operations, all of that or smaller businesses, Williams-Sonoma Home is a huge opportunity for a luxury market that's clearly underpenetrated. And we really have just gotten started on a lot of these. And so that's what gives us the confidence and the excitement to drive to that $10 billion number. 
Operator: And we'll go to our next question from Cristina Fernndez of Telsey Advisory Group. 
Cristina Fernandez: My congratulations on the quarter. I had a follow-up on the operating margin as well. If you look at this quarter, a much higher gross margin but also higher expenses, are these levels sort of sustainable for the rest of the year? Should we think about opting -- gross margin in that 40-plus percent in SG&A at this level? And then also specific, I wanted to ask about the merchandise margin. It's been increasing for the past couple of quarters. Is this a peak level or you think it can go higher even still from here? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. I mean, again, first, as I said a minute ago, I mean, we're very confident in our ability to drive operating margin expansion and to be a profitable company from that perspective. We're very confident in our ability to continue to drive merch margin expansion where that will actually play out on each quarter and whether it's above 40% or not, we're not going to be providing that kind of level of disclosure at this time. But we have no reason to believe that that's going to discontinue. 
 And so I think you can't model out. Obviously, we had 950 basis points of expansion and 850 in gross margin. I would model that out by quarter for the rest of the year. But I do believe that we've got a lot of strength left to come because of our fundamental shift in our pullback on promotions. And the reason we can do that is because of our differentiators. It's the fact that we design our product in-house and we engineer our product for value and sustainability while still being of high quality. And so because of that, we are able to then lead with content-led marketing and get the product that people want to them at a very good price. And so we don't see that changing anytime soon. And we're unique in that perspective because others are not able to do that. And so I think that's what gives us the confidence that we'll be able to maintain these strong margins going forward. 
Operator: And we will move to our next question from Steven Forbes of Guggenheim Securities. 
Steven Forbes: And congrats on a great quarter as well. I wanted to try to focus on the cross-banner or cross-brand migration strategy. It's the best we can, right? It sounds like we've got some exciting stuff coming up here in the future. But curious if you can update us on just a number of cross-brand customers and how that's evolved, right, from the last data point that we got, which I think is probably 2 years ago or so? And then just any color, right, on their behaviors relative to the average, their spending trends, their frequency trends? And really just any color on what gets you so excited right, about the potential to continue to lean into that strategy? 
Laura Alber: Great. I'm going to let Felix take that one. 
Felix Carbullido: Yes. Thank you for the question. Yes, we are crazy excited about the cross-brand opportunity. We think it's one of our biggest opportunities in the company. And I know we get compared to the pure-play question about spending, spending, spending, but it's not just about customer acquisition. It's also about the share of wallet you have with each customer, right? And so we believe that our sales per customer can increase dramatically when we start to migrate customers from one brand to another. 
 And the key is really the foundation of that. And we've seen a record number of customers migrate across our brands. I think what's particularly exciting is that our new customers are migrating or participating in 1 or 2 or more brands at record levels since we launched The Key. And now almost 80% of our customers are enrolled in The Key. So that bodes incredibly well for our future state. It also bodes well for our lifetime value proposition when we look at customer retention and customer profitability. We will increase the number. I don't want to give away our total playbook, but you're going to be seeing a lot more cross-brand awareness throughout a customer shopping journey from the homepage to in-store, from shopping by category to looking for inspirational ideas. 
 We think it's the key to owning share of wallet for existing customers, and we're very focused on that. We do have some announcements coming out in the fall we're thrilled about. But at the end of the day, the excitement drives from the KPIs we are seeing from customers who have migrated across our brands. 
Steven Forbes: And maybe just a quick follow-up, if I can, on that. Because I think, Laura, you mentioned before, right, on the question about stores and consolidation in regions and locations, is part of that going to come in the form of larger stores that merchandise across the banners? Or I think you mentioned larger stores in one of the questions. Any sort of thought on just the evolution of the footprint? The potential evolution of the footprint in terms of true migration right or consolidation of the banners within 1 store? 
Laura Alber: There's a wide range of sizes that we currently run in our fleet. And it's not that we're going to open stores that are larger than our largest stores now. It's that we're not going to have -- we have a bunch of smaller stores that are pretty dated that we would trade up to be more of a standard for each brand. There's a standard that we feel we've optimized, and we don't have plans to change that at this point. 
 I'll just mention also while we're talking about the flexibility and resilience of our operating model and how important the channels are to each other. We are seeing really outsized growth also in our omni services, particularly BOPUS and BOPIS, we're seeing a 2-year comp of almost 90%, just showing the importance and the relevancy of these stores to the online business. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will go next to Curtis Nagle of Bank of America. 
Curtis Nagle: So I guess not to belabor a point here, but just trying to think out the promotional cadence and sort of what's going on in the industry. I totally get what you're saying in terms of what you're doing with your marketing and not having to rely on discounting, obviously, to drive sales. But I guess just -- what do you think happens when at some point, whether that's, I don't know, next year and to this year, kind of who knows when things settle down a little bit more? And backlog is clear and the -- we're in a period right now where you just don't need to promote, right, for all sorts of obvious reasons. Do you think that you may have to step back in a little bit? Or just how should we think about that? Kind of outside of what's still kind of unprecedented operating environment is crazy good sales sort of across the board? 
Laura Alber: Yes, sure. I mean I think the way to think about it is really about our 3 key differentiators and our growth drivers. And we have really incremental and real growth drivers that we're showing you right now that were only in the first couple of innings of. So those things are going to continue to help us drive growth at regular price. 
 And the key part of our pricing strategy, which is important is that we want to give the customer a great value. So we continue to bring in new products, opening price points and products that can't be rivaled by anybody for the quality and design that is. And we are relentless in our pursuit of gorgeous sustainable design. And that's what we're going to continue to do. That's our focus. And it's one where customers understand that if they want something from us, they're not going to buy it elsewhere. And if we give them a fair price, and not overprice our products, and we give them great quality, they will come to us over and over. And that's why we see very high average order size. We see customers coming back at greater rates than other brands out there as we compare our numbers. And I don't see any reason why this should abate, especially given what I know we have in the pipeline for growth initiatives. 
Operator: And we'll go next to Seth Basham of Wedbush Securities. 
Seth Basham: Congratulations on great results. My first question is thinking about the sales outlook for this year by brand. Based on your growth initiatives, which brands do you expect to outperform in terms of comparable store sales growth for the balance of the year? 
Laura Alber: Julie, how would you like to hit that? 
Julie Whalen: I mean, first of all, comparable store sales growth, and we haven't been giving that number truly out. But if you're saying comps in general, I mean, quite honestly, we're seeing broad-based strength. So I mean we're not going to be disclosing by brand where we think the comps will be, but we haven't seen anything that in our business, obviously, look at the results in Q1, we're phenomenally strong. And we're seeing strong results in events in the second quarter. So whether it's kids returning to school and you've got gear and backpacks and dorm rooms to fill and across our kids business, whether it's Williams-Sonoma business and your entertaining outdoors with food and cooking or whether it's all of our other brands with our home furnishings offerings for outdoors and for entertaining. And as we move through the back half of the year, and we have gift giving. I mean they all have something incredible to offer for the quarters that come. So I really think it's going to be broad-based. 
Laura Alber: And they're quite competitive with each other. So it will be interesting to see. They have their plans, and they have great -- all of them incremental growth strategies as well as core growth strategies. But I think we have a strong year across the board. 
Seth Basham: Got it. And when you think about the cadence of the growth through the year, obviously, you're facing tough comparisons as the year goes on. Are you expecting growth in each quarter in terms of revenue? 
Laura Alber: Yes. 
Operator: And we'll go to Simeon Gutman of Morgan Stanley. 
Simeon Gutman: I'm going to stick with margins for a second. First, have you talked about the assumptions related to promotion or this merchandise margin environment for the back half of the year? And Laura, I think you probably did cover it. You mentioned in your script, the game changer for margins, and I think a lot of the answers you provided, probably applies to this question, but how do you balance the structural improvement some of the perception improvements around the brand versus a promotional cycle that is almost likely to come back at some point? 
Julie Whalen: I mean we haven't highlighted per se with the back half merch margins or gross margins will be, except to say that we continue to believe that we can drive merch margin expansion and occupancy leverage. And so we're very confident in our ability to drive gross margin expansion. 
 Obviously, you can't model exactly what we've done this quarter or make those sort of assumptions as we move throughout the year because to your point, we certainly will have a -- more pressure as we move through the year. And of course, we'll have raw material costs and freight costs that are going up like everybody else. But we are best positioned to be able to handle those given our scale and given our unique offering and still be able to deliver merch margin expansion and gross margin expansion. So that's sort of what we've called out on that front. 
Simeon Gutman: Is there anything you could provide on the marketplace in terms of margin structure? How to think about it? 
Julie Whalen: On the gross margin line, technically, they are lower than our regular retail price, but they also offer breadth and new customer counts and the ability to give the customer what they want. And ultimately, with that volume, they're operating margin accretive. So you want us to deliver those every day of the week. 
Laura Alber: I'll just add to what Julie just said to make sure it's clear that we really are applying our same standards for sustainability and design and quality to our marketplace product. And we are offering a pretty additive assortment compared to other people oftentimes exclusive only offered with us. And that's an important factor in what we're doing. A lot of the categories we've brought in are categories that we don't offer. So for example, ceiling fans. We never have them before the marketplace allows us to be in that business, which is really important for the home in a lot of areas, and it allows us to go in there and be in that business and do it in a capital-light way. 
Operator: And we'll go to our next question from Chuck Grom of Gordon Haskett. 
Charles Grom: On occupancy dollars, Julie, $176 million, down about $5 million sequentially. Just wondering how we should be modeling that line item in the coming quarters. I know it can be a little bit lumpy. But do you think this is a good run rate? Or do you think it could continue to drop? And then follow-up question unrelated would be B2B. I think it was $400 million last year. You said earlier, $500 million this year. I know the long term is $1 billion. I guess does it make sense to the backfill of that opportunity now, invest more in it to grow? It seems like it's coming in a lot stronger and with the economy reopening, it seems like there could be some pretty nice sales ahead. 
Julie Whalen: So on the occupancy dollars, I wouldn't necessarily make that assumption going forward. Certainly, because we shut a net 33 stores, mostly towards the end of last year, we're getting the benefit from that rent that's come out of the equation. But we also have our distribution centers that are layering in. As we've mentioned, we're adding 2 million square feet to support our significant e-commerce growth. And so that goes in there. There's also the timing and the size of the capital expenditures that hit depreciation, and that's what makes it be lumpy. So I don't think you can just take this current quarter's run rate and assume that throughout the back of the year. But certainly, we will still be driving occupancy leverage given our high sales and our ability to mute that cost because of the lower rents from the stores. And so we are committed to doing that throughout the rest of the year. 
 On the B2B front, we -- I think it was closer to $300 million, a little lower than that. But yes, very strong business, very bullish on it. We think we've got a huge opportunity. That's an $80 billion business, and we are coming in at $500 million this year, so to speak. So -- and the trajectory that we've seen, the week-after-week acceleration in that business has been phenomenal, and we're really just getting started. We've been building the infrastructure from a people perspective, from a system perspective, from a supply chain perspective and it's really gaining momentum. And so trust me that we are investing everything we need to in that business to drive it because we do believe it's a significant growth opportunity for us. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will hear next from Chris Horvers of JPMorgan. 
Christopher Horvers: So my first -- I have 2 questions. So can you talk about the sequential improvement in gross margin relative to the fourth quarter? How much of that was perhaps the shipping volume surcharges fading, how much of that was perhaps taking some price increases on existing inventory as raw material costs have accelerated and some of the shipping costs have accelerated. And then just to clarify on the guidance raise, you talked about strength quarter-to-date being the part of the driver. So is the top line raise just related the fourth -- to the first quarter beat? Or is it also your expectations around the second quarter? 
Julie Whalen: Sure. So as far as relative to the fourth quarter, the outperformance on the gross margin line was relatively broad-based. It was -- merch margin expansion was significant. And we did see shipping cost leverage, and that is both because you're coming out of the peak rates, but more so because we also had a pretty sizable shift to retail and the strength of retail even on a 2-year basis was phenomenal. And so when you have that, and there's more POS sales, so to speak, there's less shipping costs just generally for the sales that you drive on the top line. And so we had that benefit as well. 
 And then we have the factor that we shut net 33 stores towards the end of last year where we started to get the benefit on the lower occupancy, particularly in the first quarter. And so that plus the significant sales growth we had really delivered off 3 of those. 
 And second question, I'm trying to remember what that was. What was your second question, Chris? 
Christopher Horvers: It would be 2Q and 1Q... 
Julie Whalen: Yes. It has taken all of it in consideration, to be honest with you. Again, on the high end, it's a mid-teens revenue outlook on top of 17 last year And it's taking into consideration what we are able to see to date. And so it's both Q1 and our performance coming into the second quarter. And then it's also just realizing the benefits that we have ahead of us, in particular, in relation to the strong housing market, which tends to, if you look back in time, bode well for us for years to come. 
 So that is a very strong scenario for us that's going to help us, plus we have the fact that you have the acceleration of folks buying our category online. You have also got the fact that there is a much more interest in companies that stand for values and sustainability, and we've seen that. And we think that's going to continue. And then, of course, you layer in the fact that we've got higher backorders and all of that, we expect to come back in the back half of the year gives us a lot of confidence in our ability. But as we said earlier, it's the first quarter. And we gave outlook 2 months ago, and we've raised it, call it, 600-plus basis points in 2 months. So we feel like this is a good spot to be, given we were 1 quarter in, but we are absolutely confident in our ability to deliver strong performance this year. 
Operator: And we'll move to our next question from Brian Nagel of Oppenheimer. 
Brian Nagel: Another great quarter, congratulations. So I have 2 questions, they're short, I'm going to merge them together. Just with regard to sales trends, are you seeing through the quarter? And then, I guess, into Q2, are you seeing any divergence in trends in markets that may have opened or reopened sooner than others? 
 And then the second question I have, I don't think this is relevant for you, but every retailer is out there talking about the benefits of stimulus. So I think it's worth asking. Did you see any type of acceleration in your business across your brands as a stimulus checks hit? 
Laura Alber: Okay. So in terms of markets, I'm going to give us to the data guy, Felix, in terms of open, closed markets. Go ahead, Felix. 
Felix Carbullido: Sure. Our data guys said, we looked at 100 different points, whether people are by state, by vaccination, mask requirements, but there is no correlation. I mean it depends on last year when they were open. When you look at the 2 year, which I think is more important, the great news is that we're seeing strength across all the states, in all the areas, regardless of their vaccination rate. So that, too, gives us confidence about the balance of the year.
 And then from a shift perspective, there's no major change in demographic shift perspective. The younger customers continue to -- we see a nice bump there. That's not just driven by stimulus, but that's also driven by just the growth of the millennial and Gen Z base. And we're seeing there now the majority of our growth in new customers. We think that's due to our opening price point positioning in PB Apartment. Obviously, the West Elm brand aesthetic and value plays well to that. And of course, our kids and baby business driven by the younger generation is benefiting from that and plans for expansion as well. So that's what I can answer for that. 
Operator: And we'll move on to our next question from Steven Zaccone of Citi Research. 
Steven Zaccone: Congrats on the strong results. I had a question on the SG&A outlook for the balance of the year. So the amount of leverage you saw in the 40% comp seemed to moderate versus what you've seen in the past few quarters. As sales growth moderates through the balance of the year and you continue to prioritize advertising expenses, how should we think about the cadence of SG&A spending? Or maybe the ability to drive leverage? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. I mean I think what you have to look at is that this time last year, we substantially pulled back like just about everybody when everything was shutting down and the equity markets were coming down. And so we dramatically pulled back our spend. And so given our performance, we've been continuing to invest in that. And so this quarter reflects a higher investment of advertising. which, by the way, also drives future sales. And so we think it's really important to continue to make these investments as Felix alluded to earlier, it's a competitive benefit that we can do this. 
 Most people don't have the merch margin expansion that we have. They don't have the occupancy leverage even if they have the top line, and they can't afford the cost of advertising right now and we can. And so we're going to make that investment and be competitive about it and go after market share gains that will benefit us for future quarters and years, quite frankly. And so yes, you will see pressure on the SG&A line, mostly from advertising. There's some higher hourly wages that we're lapping, so to speak. But the reality is there's a lot of COVID expenses that we're in within SG&A as well last year that we hopefully won't be comping again based on what we know today. And so that will also provide us benefits in the back half to be able to offset that. Regardless, we are very confident in our ability to deliver merch margin expansion and occupancy leverage. And so we're -- our commitment is on the bottom line of operating margin expansion, which we feel very confident about being able to deliver. 
Laura Alber: And I think to add to what Julie just said, and you can see this in our results over not just this quarter but over the last year. And even when you look back to 2018, '19, we've had acceleration in our comps and we are now looking at a growth company again, and we are very confident in that. And that means that we're going to improve our op margin, but we are going to reinvest to drive those top line sales because we have that opportunity. We're still very small in comparison to how good our brands are and people love our brands. And with our differentiators and our growth drivers, there is no doubt in our minds that we're going to reach that $10 billion faster than people expect and to do it more profitably than I think probably anybody else in our space. 
Operator: And at this time, I would like to turn the call back to Laura Alber for any additional or closing comments. 
Laura Alber: Well, thank you. Good questions. I really appreciate your interest, and I look forward to talking to you again after the next quarter. 
Operator: And so ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the call. We would like to thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-03-17 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded.
 I would now like to turn the call over to Elise Wang, Vice President of Investor Relations, to discuss non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking statements. Please go ahead. 
Elise Wang: Thank you. Good afternoon. This call should be considered in conjunction with the press release that we issued earlier today. Unless indicated otherwise, our discussion today will relate to results and guidance based on certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and our explanation of why the non-GAAP financial measures may be useful are discussed in Exhibit 1 of our press release.
 This call also contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, trends, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2021 and beyond, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company's current press release and SEC filings, including the most recent 10-K, for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call.
 I will now turn the conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer. 
Laura Alber: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you all for joining us. 2020 was a year of challenges and dramatic changes in the way we live. It was also a year where we were pushed to adapt and clarify what is important to us. I could not be prouder of the accomplishments of the team here at Williams-Sonoma. Their dedication was a vital part of our ability to substantially outperform the industry and gain market share. 
 In Q4, despite shipping constraints and low retail traffic, we delivered another quarter of accelerating revenue and profitability with 26% comp growth, our highest quarterly comp of the year, and 85% EPS growth. This strong end to the year, combined with our outperformance throughout 2020, drove record fiscal year revenue growth, substantial operating margin expansion and EPS that was almost double that of last year. As we look forward to the year ahead and the longer-term future of our company, we are confident in our ability to drive growth and improve our profitability. We have big goals and good reasons to believe that we will achieve them.
 Today, I want to spend the bulk of our time talking about our 3 key differentiators, which set us apart and have become increasingly relevant. They are, first, our in-house design; second, our digital-first channel strategy; and third, our values.
 Let's start with our in-house design capability. Our in-house teams design our own products, create original aesthetics and work with our talented vendors to bring quality, sustainable products to market. Given that the bulk of our products cannot be found elsewhere and the design quality value equation is so strong, we have pricing power that others do not. Throughout this year, we have been very deliberate in reducing promotions in all of our brands. This is a very significant and material change to our model. We have tested into this change, replacing site-wide promotions with inspiring content. And the effectiveness of this change is clear in our results, including consecutive quarters of product margin expansion compared to last year.
 In Pottery Barn, the multiyear work to improve our value proposition is paying off. We are increasing brand relevance aesthetically with the successful launch of our proprietary rustic modern furniture collections and our famous casual lifestyle point of view. Our value-engineered products are attracting new customers. We have introduced significantly more opening price points, and our multistep finished, high-quality furniture pieces are the best value in the market. We will continue to develop assortments and proven adjacent categories to drive incremental growth.
 One example of this is bath renovation. The bath renovation market is $80 billion or 20% of the U.S. home improvement market. Through in-house product development and our new marketplace model, our bath renovation business is growing at a rate of nearly 30% per year and is projected to contribute an incremental $100 million over the next 3 years.
 In Pottery Barn Kids and Teen, we have amplified our leadership in design and sustainability in the children's home furnishings business. We are proud to say that 100% of our wooden furniture offering is now GREENGUARD Gold certified, aligned with our promise of products that are good for kids and good for the planet. In addition to strong core introductions of furniture, we have added a new modern aesthetic that is growing at over 50% and attracting new customers to our brands.
 Another example of growth is our baby business. Our baby business saw 23% growth last year, and we are actively targeting the 2 billion-plus baby registry market.
 West Elm has truly become the home furnishing brand of choice for millennials and millennial-minded people. We continue to build the business with original design and by filling out white space in underdeveloped categories. For example, this year, we materially expanded into seasonal decor, a historically small business for the brand. In the holiday season, we sold out with many of the products within the first couple of weeks of launch, which built a strong foundation for further incremental volume in the years to come.
 Another category we are aggressively going after is outdoor. Currently, West Elm's outdoor business is less than half the size of Pottery Barn's, and doubling this business will drive an incremental 6% growth for the West Elm brand.
 Now I'd like to talk about Williams-Sonoma. This year marked a dramatic change in strategy for the brand. We implemented a content-driven marketing strategy that featured exclusive products and relevant lifestyle stories instead of promotions. We also grew our exclusive products to 70% of our total business. This has been one of our key strategic initiatives to increase the mix of product only available at Williams-Sonoma, which has grown from 50% to 70% in the last 5 years. Looking ahead, we'll be even more aggressive in growing our exclusive product, which we expect to reach over 80% of our total business by the end of FY '21.
 We also see significant opportunities in categories that are underdeveloped, including the high-end luxury furniture market. Our Williams-Sonoma Home brand is significantly underrepresented in this market and represents a substantial opportunity to drive growth and gain market share for the Williams-Sonoma brand.
 In addition to growth in our brands, we also have growth in new customer segments such as Business-to-Business and the global home category. We are building our mighty Business-to-Business team, and we are accelerating in sales volume across multiple industry verticals. Last year, we drove over $350 million of revenues, and we expect this business to surpass $500 million this year.
 In our global business, our strategy for growth is through the capital-light franchise model. We plan to double our revenues globally in the next 5 years, led by the continued expansion of West Elm, growth in our franchise operations as well as in our Canada e-commerce business.
 Our second differentiator is our digital-first channel strategy. One of the key reasons we outperformed was because our e-commerce platform was able to serve our customers at scale. We are uniquely positioned to take market share as the home industry shifts online. We are already the #1 non-pure-play e-commerce retailer in home furnishing and the top 25 e-commerce retailer in the U.S. across all industries. And today, our business is over 70% e-commerce.
 In our digital channels, we have been acquiring new customers at record rates all year, and our customer retention metrics continue to improve among new customers. We have a platform, the supply chain infrastructure, the tech stack and the talent to push our growth in e-commerce even higher. We are digital-first but not digital-only. Our stores are competitive advantage that support our online business for customers who want to experience our products in person as well as for those who prefer the convenience of our omnichannel services.
 In the past quarter, we increased our total Buy Online Pickup In Store and ship from store sales by over 130% as we leverage our retail network as fulfillment hubs. This is a huge unlock for our distribution operations, and it is one of the reasons we were able to fulfill higher-than-expected volumes this holiday season despite gridlock issues that impacted the industry. 
 As we look ahead, our future growth will be driven predominantly by e-commerce. One of the key advantages of having built our tech platform in-house is that we are able to implement and test new initiatives quickly and adjust based on customer feedback. We already have several initiatives planned to further enhance customer engagement and conversion online.
 You also see our 3D visualization capability come to life as we introduce new functionalities to our Design Crew Room Planner, including immersive, multiproduct AR room layouts and 360-degree experiences. These enhancements are important because this tool drives sales. We saw a significant increase in the usage of this tool by our design associates and customers this year, with total plans created up 55% compared to last year. Also, those who utilize this tool currently generate twice as many sales as non-users.
 In our supply chain, we are aggressively expanding our U.S. manufacturing and fulfillment capability by over 20% to 30% next year, including adding close to 2 million square feet of distribution space to our delivery network. This will support our elevated demand, particularly in furniture. To help mitigate industry-wide shipping constraints and higher costs, we will test and expand our in-home delivery to include small packages in addition to leveraging our omnichannel network.
 Being digital-first also enables us to explore new offerings and business models such as Marketplace. Our Marketplace assortment is of the same superior quality as the rest of our products, often exclusive and sourced from our trusted socially responsible vendor base. Marketplace also leverages our website reach and is capital light. This year, Marketplace was just over 4% of our total business, and we are planning to almost triple its size in the next 5 years.
 Our third differentiator is our values. We care deeply about sustainability, equity action and supporting our associates and the communities where we work. Our commitment to sustainability is one of the main reasons our customers choose us over our competitors. 
 For example, a recent survey found that our Pottery Barn customers are 3x more likely to be in the top environmentally focused households. There's a direct correlation between the good work we are doing in the world and our increasing relevance with our customers. And we are thrilled to be recognized for the work in this area. Just last month, we were ranked at #16 on Barron's 100 Most Sustainable Companies, up from 32 last year. And we are continuing our recognition as the only home furnishings retailer on the entire Barron's list. 
 As we look to the future, we will deepen our sustainability commitments further. Our Pottery Barn brand kicked off the new year with a commitment to plant 3 million trees in 3 years, where we will plant a tree for every piece of indoor wooden furniture we sell. Company-wide, we will meet our 100% responsibly sourced cotton and 50% responsibly sourced wood goals and grow our selection of sustainably made products. Most exciting is our upcoming announcement of an ambitious public goal for carbon reduction across our operations and throughout our entire supply chain. 
 Diversity, equity, inclusion is also central to who we are as a company. We continue to lead in gender equity, and we are proud to be included in Bloomberg's Gender Equality Index this year for our gender equity achievements across talent, pay culture and workplace policies. We also lead in LGBTQ equity and continue to score 90% or higher in the Human Rights Campaign's Corporate Equality Index. 
 In order to improve racial equity, we have established our Equity Action Plan. And although there is still a lot more to do, we have made measurable progress. We have committed our ongoing support to over 25 national and local nonprofit organizations that advocate for racial justice and equity and have increased our Black/African American representation through hiring, partnerships and collaborations. 
 And of course, we cannot overemphasize the value of our associates. Our people are at the heart of our business. In 2020, we continue to pay our associates during the initial months of COVID while our stores and offices were closed and provided several pandemic bonuses and hourly wage increases to our frontline workers throughout the year. 
 To help protect the safety of our associates and our communities, we continue to provide personal protective gear and COVID testing to our store and supply chain associates. And through our Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Foundation, we have given financial assistance to over 850 associates experiencing COVID hardship this year. In addition to these COVID-related benefits, we also enhanced our parental leave policy to provide more paid time off for primary -- both primary and secondary caregivers. 
 The positive impact of all these initiatives was evident in our team's unwavering dedication throughout the year, including the best holiday execution we have ever had. We will continue to follow through on our Equity Action Plan commitments to advance racial equity, both inside our company and in the communities we serve. We have set aggressive goals to further diversify our workforce, vendor partners and collaborators, and we are committed to providing transparency on our progress.
 In summary, our business excelled in 2020 despite the extremely difficult operating environment. We believe this reflects the power of our 3 key differentiators, which we'll continue to invest in to drive growth and gain market share. Looking ahead to 2021 and beyond, we are very optimistic about our runway for growth and profitability.
 But before I give our financial outlook, let me provide some insight into what we are currently seeing in our business. All of our brands are starting the year strong. We're seeing higher-than-expected e-commerce traffic and sales and continuing recovery in our retail comps. Our entertaining-related categories such as Easter and outdoor are driving very strong results for us, giving us the confidence that this entertaining lifestyle trend will accelerate post pandemic as people welcome friends and families back into their home.
 Our B2B business sales trends also continue to accelerate week after week. Growth in our global business is also building momentum, driven by strong demand from our franchise partners and our e-commerce business in Canada. In addition, our merchandise margins continue to expand as we have substantially reduced promotions. 
 We will continue to chase inventory. And unfortunately, we are experiencing additional delays due to COVID-related slowdowns, foam shortage due to the inclement February weather in the South and delays due to port congestion and a shipping container shortage. We are doing all that we can to expedite inventory flow for our customers, but our in-stock recovery is now most likely pushed to Q3. And while this is a challenge, it is also one related to our very strong demand.
 We expect this strong demand to continue through 2021 and beyond based on a number of factors. First is the ongoing strength of our growth initiatives and our 3 key differentiators that will continue to set us apart from the competition and allow us to take market share. Second, it is the recovery in our retail traffic and the replenishment of our inventory levels as we move throughout the year and beyond that will drive additional growth. And third, it is the favorable macro trends that we believe will continue to benefit our business. 
 These include high consumer confidence, a strong housing market, a continuing shift to e-commerce, the expected continuation of working from home, hybrid work and the importance of sustainability and values to the customer. This gives us the confidence that we can deliver mid- to single high -- mid- to high single-digit revenue growth and operating margin expansion in 2021.
 Longer term, our 3 key differentiators, our in-house design, our digital-first channel strategy and our values, will drive profitable market share gains, accelerating our path to $10 billion of revenues and 15% operating margins in the next 5 years. Julie will speak to this financial outlook in more detail. 
 But before I turn the call over to her, I want to express my sincere gratitude to our associates, particularly our frontline workers in manufacturing and distribution who worked tirelessly around the clock through the pandemic. Our incredible performance over the past year could not have been achieved without our team's innovation, collaboration and hard work. I could not be prouder of our associates and all that they have accomplished in taking care of each other, our customers and our communities.
 And with that, I would now like to pass the call over to Julie. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon, everyone. I also want to begin by thanking all of our associates for their resilience and hard work over the past year as we navigated an extremely challenging environment, for making operational changes at the onset of the pandemic to preserve liquidity and maintain strong financial health, to managing the impact of widespread store closures while continuing to pay our people, to fulfilling higher-than-expected online volumes as we grappled with parcel shipping caps and supply chain disruptions. We stayed relentlessly focused on taking care of all of our stakeholders, our associates, our customers and our shareholders. And it was this focus that enabled us to report record fourth quarter and fiscal year results today.
 In the fourth quarter, net revenues reached approximately $2.3 billion with net comparable brand revenue growth of 25.7% and an even higher demand comp of nearly 30%, which includes orders placed but not yet filled in the quarter. E-commerce grew at a comp of 47.9%, and our retail stores continued to improve sequentially, ending the quarter with a negative comp of 7.6%. This outperformed our expectations given the substantial COVID restrictions that were in place throughout the quarter and the overall decline in national store traffic of over 30%. 
 All brands drove strong revenue growth in the fourth quarter. Williams-Sonoma delivered a 26.2% comp. Pottery Barn accelerated to a comp of 25.7%. West Elm accelerated to a 25.2% comp on top of last year's 13.9% comp. And Pottery Barn Kids and Teen accelerated to a comp of 25.7%. And in our emerging brands, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham combined, we delivered another quarter of over 20% growth.
 Moving down the income statement. Gross margin expanded 450 basis points to 42.1% in the fourth quarter, driven by another quarter of substantially higher merchandise margins and occupancy leverage. Higher merchandise margins resulted from a significantly reduced promotional activity as we replaced site-wide promotions with relevant content across all of our brands. Occupancy leveraged 190 basis points in the quarter, resulting from higher sales and relatively flat year-over-year occupancy dollars at approximately $181 million. 
 Our efforts to renegotiate rent and to close less profitable stores have enabled us to minimize our occupancy dollar growth and to deliver this occupancy leverage. While we did incur higher shipping costs year-over-year from a higher mix of e-commerce sales and peak shipping surcharges from our third-party shippers, we are pleased to see our selling margins, which include these higher shipping costs, sequentially improve again this quarter, expanding 260 basis points year-over-year and 110 basis points from the third quarter.
 SG&A in the fourth quarter was 24.2% of net revenues compared to 26.1% last year, leveraging 190 basis points year-over-year and sequentially improving 10 basis points as a rate from the third quarter. SG&A dollars grew 15.5% compared to last year, primarily driven by higher employment costs from increased incentive compensation given our fiscal year outperformance, higher hourly variable pay, particularly in our supply chain as our teams work to fulfill higher-than-expected volumes during the quarter, and incremental pandemic-related costs such as bonuses for our frontline workers, work-from-home stipend for our corporate associates and increased levels of PPE and cleaning across our facilities. Despite these incremental costs, we were able to maintain a low SG&A rate due to the strength of our sales volume and our overall strong financial discipline, which kept SG&A growth substantially below sales growth.
 As a result, we delivered another quarter of record profitability with operating income growth of 92% to $410 million and operating margin expansion of 630 basis points to 17.9%. This resulted in diluted earnings per share of $3.95 or 85% higher than that of 2019 at $2.13. These fourth quarter results, combined with the outperformance we have seen throughout 2020, allowed us to deliver record financial performance on the year.
 Some of our fiscal year 2020 highlights include net revenues at all-time highs in 2020 at nearly $6.8 billion, including comparable brand revenue growth of 17%. Our e-commerce business grew at a comp of 44.5% this year, taking our e-commerce mix to over 70% or $4.8 billion of our total revenues. In retail, we delivered a negative 22.5% comp despite substantial COVID disruptions with our stores closed or severely limited throughout the year and an overall national decline in store traffic of about 45%. In addition, our stores this year played an integral role in supporting our online growth through virtual design and omni-fulfillment services. 
 By brand, we delivered double-digit growth and significant acceleration across all brands. Across the Pottery Barn brands, comps accelerated 15.6% on top of 4.2% last year, with Pottery Barn at a 15.2% comp and our children's business, Party Barn Kids and Teen, at a 16.6% comp. Williams-Sonoma accelerated to a 23.8% comp, driven by e-comm comps well above 70%. West Elm, our largest growth initiative, delivered their 11th consecutive year of double-digit revenue growth and another year of double-digit comp at 15.2% on top of last year's 14.4% comp. Our emerging brands, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham combined, delivered another year of double-digit growth. 
 Additionally, our cross-brand initiatives continue to gain scale and momentum. Most notably is our Business-to-Business division, which delivered approximately $360 million in revenues for the year, up 15% over last year and contributing an incremental 140 basis points to our total company comp.
 In our cross-brand loyalty program, The Key, we enrolled nearly 4 million customers, bringing our total membership to almost 12 million members or 23% over 2019. And our complementary Design Crew services accounted for almost 50% of our FY '20 in-store revenue. 
 This top line performance, along with our strong financial discipline all year, enabled us to generate operating income of over $960 million, which was over 90% higher than 2019. This resulted in record operating margin expansion of 560 basis points to 14.2% and EPS of $9.04, almost double that of 2019. Additionally, this level of earnings growth allowed us to substantially increase our return on invested capital from 22.4% to 38.1%, with all brands substantially improving and significantly outperforming our peer set median.
 On the balance sheet, we ended the year with a cash balance of over $1.2 billion compared to $432 million in 2019, which reflects our strong financial performance and operating cash flow of almost $1.3 billion, which is more than double last year. In addition to our strong cash balance, we also ended the year with no amount outstanding on our line of credit. This strong liquidity position allowed us to fund the operations of the business, including nearly $170 million in capital expenditures, primarily in technology and supply chain to support our e-commerce growth and to provide shareholder returns of over $300 million through dividends and share repurchases. 
 While many companies suspended their dividends in 2020, we continued to pay dividends to our shareholders all year, including increasing our dividend payout by 10% this past quarter for an annual dividend payout to shareholders of $158 million. We also, after initially suspending share repurchases, repurchased shares at the same level as 2019 or approximately $150 million in the back half of 2020.
 Moving down the balance sheet. Merchandise inventories were $1.006 billion for a decrease of 8.6% year-over-year, which was a 200 basis point improvement from the third quarter. While we are pleased to see a sequential improvement in our inventory position compared to last quarter and the gradual narrowing of the gap between demand and net cost this quarter, we are continuing to work through our high backorder levels with our vendor partners and expect to be back in stock to more normalized levels in the back half of 2021.
 Now let me turn to our expectations for the year ahead and beyond. Given the ongoing strength of our business as we enter 2021, the expected recovery in our retail business and inventory levels as we move throughout the year as well as the macro trends that will continue to benefit our business, we expect 2021 to be in line with our previously provided long-term financial outlook of mid- to high single-digit revenue growth or 5% to 9% and year-over-year operating margin expansion. 
 As far as our capital allocation in 2021, we plan to first invest in the business and then return excess cash to our shareholders. We expect to invest approximately $200 million to $250 million in the business with over 85% of the capital spend prioritized on technology and supply chain initiatives that primarily support our e-commerce growth. In technology, we are focused on enhancing customer engagement and conversion online. And in the supply chain, we are planning to spend primarily on the addition of 2 new distribution centers to provide an incremental 2 million square feet in DC capacity to support our elevated growth as well as various investments in automation to drive speed and efficiency throughout our operations. 
 As the consumer and our business continue to shift more online, so have our levels of e-commerce-related capital spend. Over the last 5 years alone, we have shifted from less than 50% e-commerce-related spend to now over 85% of our estimated spend in 2021. And we expect this shift to hold at these levels going forward. 
 We also plan to return excess cash to our shareholders in the form of increased quarterly dividend payouts and increased level of share repurchases. Following the 10% quarterly dividend increase that went into effect last quarter, we announced earlier today another double-digit increase in our quarterly dividend of 11.3% or $0.06 to $0.59 per share. As far as share repurchases, we plan to increase our level of repurchases over last year. Today, we also announced that our Board has approved a new $1 billion share repurchase program, which will supersede the remaining outstanding under our prior authorization. 
 While our stock is hovering around all-time highs, we continue to believe that it remains undervalued given our projections for growth and profitability. As a result, we believe investing in our own stock will also drive long-term financial returns.
 And finally, given our strong liquidity position and our expectations for another year of robust operating cash flow generation, we paid off our $300 million term loan early and expect to let our $200 million, 364-day line of credit facility naturally expire in May 2021. All of these decisions reflect our confidence in the long-term growth and profitability outlook of our company and our unwavering commitment to maximizing returns for our shareholders.
 Longer term, as Laura mentioned, given the acceleration in our business, along with the macro trends that should continue to favor our business for the long term, we see a faster path to now reach $10 billion in net revenues and 15% operating margins in the next 5 years. We estimate that Pottery Barn will expand to almost $3.5 billion in revenues, West Elm will grow double digits, almost doubling in size to over $3 billion, Williams-Sonoma will reach almost $1.6 billion in revenues, and our Pottery Barn Kids and Teen business will grow to $1.4 billion. 
 This anticipated top line growth in addition to strong growth in our core business will be fueled by accelerated double-digit growth across a number of our key initiatives, including our B2B business expanding to $1 billion in revenues, our Marketplace business growing to almost 3x the size of today to over $700 million, our emerging brands expanding to a combined revenue of over $600 million and our global operations more than doubling in size to $700 million.
 From a profitability perspective, further operating margin expansion should predominantly be driven by overall sales leverage from higher sales levels and a continued shift to our more efficient and profitable e-commerce business, reduce occupancy costs from the renegotiation of our lease agreements and the expected closure of approximately 25% of our retail fleet as our leases come up for renewal, continued strength in our product margins from an ongoing focus on more content-led marketing and more value-engineered, high-quality and sustainable products as well as overall strong financial discipline, maintaining expense growth below sales growth.
 In summary, our record performance this year is a testament to the strength of our teams and the power of our 3 key differentiators: our in-house design, our digital-first channel strategy and our values. As we look into next year and beyond, we are optimistic about our business. And given the favorable long-term macro trends, including a strong housing market, the disruption of brick-and-mortar and an accelerating shift to e-commerce, the expected continuation of working from home in some capacity post pandemic and the increasing importance of sustainability and being a values-driven company, combined with our key differentiators, our growth initiatives, our double-digit growth in new customer counts and loyalty members, our strong operating cash flow and liquidity and a proven track record of strong financial discipline, we believe we are uniquely positioned to drive long-term growth and profitability, resulting in market share gains and strong financial returns for our shareholders.
 I would now like to open the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question today will come from Adrienne Yih with Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Congratulations. I mean it really is a nice cap into what was a difficult year, but you made it through extraordinarily well. Laura, so my first question is for you. It looks like the brands are all hitting sort of this accelerated sweet spot of growth here in the U.S. Can you talk a little bit about the foreign businesses? You haven't yet stepped into Europe. And so we're seeing some players in this space, obviously, launch into Europe kind of as their next phase of kind of TAM growth. So can you talk about that first and foremost? 
 And then, Julie, really interesting on the occupancy line. I mean that is -- it's pretty incredible that your sales grew 24% and your occupancy is flat. So I really wanted to understand what the occupancy line trajectory looks like for 2021. Should we assume it's kind of flattish as we go through Q1 and then into the full year? And then on the flip side of that, on the merch margins, are you at historically low levels of clearance? And have you permanently changed the nature of the business such that we won't ever go -- we won't go back, we won't mean revert back to historical levels of promo? And congrats again. 
Laura Alber: Thank you. In terms of global, we recognize as we travel the world that no one else is doing what we're doing. And we've had great success in really bringing e-commerce to some of these markets, particularly the franchise partners who are very well established but didn't have a big e-commerce business. And so we have -- we partnered with great people. 
 In the Middle East, we have a really sizable operation. In fact, this week, we just opened a brand-new flagship store in Dubai that is phenomenal with a Williams-Sonoma Home expression that is something you haven't ever seen before. 2 days in, we're off to a great start there. 
 And that's just yet one example of the great stores that we're building together and the business we're building together with our franchise partners around the world. There's still a lot of growth there. West Elm is one that hasn't been as established in these franchise markets. And then also e-commerce continues to be a higher percent of sales in these global markets. 
 We announced last year that we'd be going into India. We are still on track to do that. It's a little delayed, but it's a big market. Our forecast is that it's one of the most sizable for us, and we're very excited about that partnership. We want to do it really well. And so we put off China, and we don't have plans to enter China at this point. 
 Similarly, we are in London with West Elm. We have some things in some of the department stores there. We also have a kids website, but we don't have further plans to expand other than in e-commerce. It's just -- there's a lot more easy places to go right now than Europe with the long leases and also just the difficulty of doing business there. So we're not doing a big push right now in Europe. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Fair enough. 
Julie Whalen: So regarding occupancy and your questions there. So I think first of all, if you look back, you'll see that we have been holding occupancy dollar growth down for a while now, and we do expect that to continue. The important thing to remember is there's many things that go into occupancy, like depreciation from capital investments, also our distribution center rent. So there'll be ups and downs. 
 But the reality is, as I said in my prepared remarks, if we're closing apparently about 25% of our fleet at least, that will lower our occupancy dollars and then potentially be offset by these other things that I just mentioned. But then you combine that with the higher sales volume, higher e-commerce volume, and all of that leverages that line. So I do expect both to have more muted dollar growth, but also the higher sales will drive that leverage going forward for the foreseeable future. 
 As far as merchandise margins, yes, we do have some of the lowest levels of clearance inventory that we've had in the company. And at this point in time, we expect that to continue. But it's also the fact that we've made a decision to really pull off of site-wide promos and go after content-led relevant marketing. So instead of just doing a blanket e-mail where we give you 20% off, we're getting more and more fine-tuned about what we serve up to you to give you what you want. And if you want it, you can only get it from us. 
 And that, combined with the fact that we are value engineering the product to get at the right price and the right quality and the right sustainability levels, and we'll never compromise on that, it puts us in a situation where if you want it, you got to buy it. It's a great price. So people are buying it. So that is -- we are going after that aggressively, and that's why we're so confident in merchandise margins continuing to expand going forward. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Steven Forbes with Guggenheim Securities. 
Steven Forbes: I just want to follow up on the selling margin or merchandise margin commentary you provided during the call, right? I think you said selling margins expanded 260 basis points during the fourth quarter. So can you remind us what that number was for the year? And then as we think about the path to a 15% EBIT margin, any commentary on the cadence, right, of the selling margin profile in the business as you think about potentially cycling something -- some of these transitory headwinds, whether it be clearance, as you just mentioned, or promotional activity? Do you see anything as it relates to cadence in the selling margin? 
Julie Whalen: I mean selling margins all year have been accelerating from an improvement standpoint and from an expansion standpoint. So again, we expect that to continue going forward. I don't have handy right now the exact amount on the year. But if you look back, you can see by quarter that they've continued to expand in this quarter, in particular, with the largest expansion. 
 As far as puts and takes as to what could drive the selling margins, I mean, we've always said that the shipping costs are a part of selling margins. And so that obviously has become something that we've been focused on more recently, especially as our mix shifts to e-commerce, the more furniture we have. And there's been higher rates that have come through with our third-party shippers. But I think the combination of the fact that we can drive these merch margin expansion throughout and then you layer it with occupancy on top of it, is what's been able to give us this incredible gross margin expansion for the entire year. And so that is why we're confident going forward that will continue. 
 We obviously also are working specifically on shipping costs and trying to minimize those increases as much as possible to help with the selling margins going forward in addition to the merch margins. And whether that's using more of our omni-fulfillment at our stores, which has been a huge win for us, obviously, during this time, and it's a differentiator of the fact that we have these stores as hubs around the country, to, obviously, trying to figure out ways to take these larger items and bring it into our own delivery network and lowering some of the costs with our third-party shippers. 
 Now at the same time, we have great relationships with our third-party shippers. And so we're working with them to come to a great solution. But we are focused not only on offsetting shipping costs but also lowering them in an absolute sense to keep driving these selling margins to where they are. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Oliver Wintermantel with Evercore. 
Oliver Wintermantel: I had a question regarding labor costs. You mentioned COVID pay in 2020 but then also bonuses and all of that. So I wanted to see how you plan for 2021 and beyond for -- on labor costs. 
Julie Whalen: So our labor costs, as we spoke to during the year, have obviously gone up. You've heard that from many other retailers, especially the hourly rates. And so across the board, we have moved to a $14 per hour rate. So at least we were at $14 per hour, even higher, in our distribution centers, in particular, in certain areas. And so we've got a lot of that in our base. Obviously, there's always pressure, and we always look at the hourly wages on a market-by-market basis, and we want to be competitive. 
 Our people have been the secret sauce, if you will, especially this year. And so we are making certain that we're taking care of them from an hourly rate perspective. But since we've made these moves in the past, we -- it's not as much of a headwind for us as it might be for others. On the flip side, I think you mentioned COVID costs. We obviously expect that there will be reduced or eliminated COVID costs, which is going to help us next year because those are fairly substantial. 
 And so you've got some moving parts. Labor, you've got the annualization of these hourly wages and potentially a little more pressure on the labor line. You've got the fact that we may have some more advertising spend. But on the flip side, you've got COVID costs that are coming out. So it gives us a lot of confidence, combined with our merchandise margin expansion and our occupancy leverage and with higher sales, leveraging the entire P&L that we can drive operating margin expansion next year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. 
Seth Basham: Congrats on a great quarter and year. My question is around the outlook. Very impressive in terms of the margin outlook, particularly for 2021. Just perhaps provide a little bit more color on the complexion of the margin expansion you're expecting in 2021, how much of it will be in gross margin, how much of it in SG&A. Do you expect both of those to provide expansion to your operating margins? 
Julie Whalen: Yes, this is Julie. I'll answer that question. So we expect expansion on both. It's obviously going to depend by quarter. We're not giving quarterly line item guidance. But at the end of the day, we're very confident in our merchandise margin expansion. We're very confident in our occupancy leverage. And as I just mentioned on the last question that we have the, I guess, benefit of some of these COVID costs that are going to be flipping out. And yes, we will have some increased costs, but we will be able to more than cover that as a result of the higher COVID cost that will be coming out to cover it. And so that, combined with higher sales, will allow us to leverage any of those costs that are coming through and drive operating margin expansion on the bottom line. 
 And remember, a lot of the sales that we're driving now with an expectation of 70% or higher are going to be e-commerce. And e-commerce, we have historically been one of the most profitable e-commerce companies out there. And so as we shift more and more to e-commerce, that completely leverages the P&L. So that's our expectation. 
Seth Basham: Understood. Just to follow up, if you're going to be expanding your operating margins seemingly materially in 2021, your goal is 15% in 2025. It seems like you don't have that much more expansion plan for 2022 through 2025. Is that just conservatism at this point in time? 
Laura Alber: I'd say there's some conservatism, but also, we want to make sure that our value proposition stays really compelling and that our service is the best in the industry. And so we're -- it's a bit of conservatism. It's also making sure we have the money set aside to invest back into the business to stay on top. 
Seth Basham: Understood. Congrats and best of luck. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Cristina Fernndez with Telsey Advisory Group. 
Cristina Fernandez: Congratulations also on a good quarter. I had 2 questions. One, when you look at your demand trends, are they broad-based? Or are you seeing any notable differences in markets that -- where restrictions have been lifted or have higher vaccination rates versus those that don't? So that's one. 
 And then my second question is on fulfillment. I wanted to see if you could talk more about the ship from store and how you can roll that further and help perhaps lower some of your order -- cost to fulfill the orders. And how do you see that evolving over the next couple of years? 
Laura Alber: Yes. So thank you. This is Laura. Let me just first take the shift from store, and then I'm going to pass it to Felix to answer what we're seeing or not seeing with the correlations. 
 So in terms of ship from store, ship from store is great because it leverages inventory that would otherwise be trapped in stores and helps us better fulfill customers' demand. And we're getting better and better at it, in driving it and marketing it correctly, putting on filters to our sites. They can sort for things. And it's an area that has gone up a ton more this year. But there's still a lot more room for us to do more with that, and in particular, with Buy Online Pickup In Store. 
 So we've been pushing that as well, not just because of COVID but because it's another great way to service the customer who wants to get in and out quickly. So you're going to see us continue to market them better, have better site experiences and put more power behind the infrastructure. 
 I'm going to pass to Felix on what we're seeing with vaccination and states opening and all that good stuff. 
Felix Carbullido: Sure. Thanks for the question. We have -- what we've seen in our data is that demand for furniture is still very strong in states where vaccination rates are high. So there's no correlation between changes in state-level vaccination rates and our data and our growth in our furniture business. So what we're seeing is it's really not a zero-sum game here. 
 As more people get vaccinated, as travel starts to open up, as schools start to open up, we have a substantial gear business, a luggage business. And as vaccination rates increase, we expect people to open up their homes more. So our dining and entertaining businesses are primed for that. So early indications are no correlation. In fact, it's a negative correlation is what we're seeing. We're seeing strong rates across the board regardless of vaccination rates. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Jonathan Matuszewski with Jefferies. 
Jonathan Matuszewski: Guys, great quarter. My first one was just on the Williams-Sonoma concept, another remarkable quarter there. Curious what you're seeing as far as repeat spending trends now that we're beginning to anniversary some of these cook and eat-at-home trends from last year. Any color there as far as kind of new and repeat customers would be helpful. That was my first question. 
Laura Alber: Sure. First, I'll say that, yes, Williams-Sonoma, we've made a lot of changes to that strategy, and it's paying off from the exclusives to shifting from what was predominantly a store business to an online business and really driving content again, which we're thrilled to continue to do. In terms of the Williams-Sonoma categories that are working, we are seeing great strength across the board, particularly the areas we're most dominant, cookware, cutlery, electrics. 
 In terms of customer metrics, we have very favorable customer metrics. And it's interesting, we have very high orders per customer versus last year, repeat customers. And we -- when you compare it to someone like a Wayfair, you see that we have higher dollars in all those categories, particularly higher dollars per order. We have extremely productive online advertising and online profitability, as Julie mentioned earlier. 
 Felix, did I miss anything there? Do you want to add anything to that? 
Felix Carbullido: No. I mean just to reiterate, we haven't -- we've seen our repeat rates be very strong. And as Laura mentioned, all those new customers we acquired during shelter-in-place are returning at record rates and actually shopping across our portfolios at record rates. So we think that our share of wallet within these new customers will continue to grow as we introduce them to not just the best of Williams-Sonoma but what our other brands have to offer and leveraging our loyalty program to encourage them to shop across our portfolio. 
Jonathan Matuszewski: Great. That's super helpful. And then just a quick one, I'll squeeze in. Design Crew, I think you mentioned around half of in-store revenues. And I think you mentioned those customers are spending around 2x as much. So just curious. You've had a lot of success integrating kind of Outward with Room Planner and all that. How are you thinking about maybe capital for potentially other tech-related M&A options going forward? Any color there with your thoughts would be helpful. 
Laura Alber: I thought you're going to ask a different question. I was ready for the other one, which is I wanted to tell you that one of the most amazing things that happened during the shutdown is that the people who worked in-store who couldn't work did virtual design chat. And they have done such a phenomenal job that it's a whole new channel for us now. 
 So we have the online design services where you don't need to do anything but use our tools. In fact, you can power yourself the 3D tool, which nobody has done that before. Other people allow you to pay and have their designers send you back 3D models. You can actually go on yourself as a customer and do it or you can call a store, go into the store or you can do it virtually. And so yes, we are continuing to shift capital dramatically from brick-and-mortar to online services, online e-commerce and infrastructure for supply chain and supports it all. And that shift is remarkable. 
 Julie, do you want to give a few numbers? 
Julie Whalen: Yes, yes. We used to spend less than 50% basically on e-commerce spend -- e-commerce-related spend, I should say. And now we're spending about 85% or expected to this year, and we expect that will hold to be higher. So our complete shift in capital is going to e-commerce now, and that's one of the examples that we'll be spending on as well. 
Laura Alber: And as it relates to innovation, we have a lot of great stuff that we're building in-house that is as good as anything I've seen. And of course, we're always looking at the landscape to see how we can get a jump on anything that we had already planned to do anyway. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Marni Shapiro with Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: Congratulations, guys. Amazing quarter. Amazing year. And I love the way the stores look right now. Your transition to spring has been beautiful. So Laura and Julie, I guess kind of a bigger picture question here to start. The home space has become very popular, getting a little bit more crowded online. So you outlined some of your key differentiators. Would that also fit into like what are your differentiators online? What are your advantages that you have on e-commerce that differentiates you and separates you from the pack as it gets more crowded? 
Laura Alber: Great question, Marni. Thank you. So online, we really bring not just a single product to life but a lifestyle. And so we have spent a long time -- the PIP, product information page is the money shop. And everything that is on that page needs to help you make that decision, whether it's 3D or UGC, which we have really amped up online, and then different guided shopping paths, if you're interested in something. And we're seeing that really help us add on to an order, if you went on to look for one thing, to be able to show you and have you add something else and inspire you to buy things you didn't think you were looking for. 
 And versus our competition, there's a lot of people selling many things, but sometimes it's about really helping the customer make a decision. And if they trust you with your quality and your sustainability and your value equation, the conversion is higher. So we know that the work that we've done to build the brands actually through our stores in a lot of cases and through our catalogs is now coming to fruition online. And so we continue to make the investments in the things that make it easier for the customer to make a decision, whether that's watches, color, accuracy, 3D modeling, in room, immersive experiences and just simply real-life photography, showing people how other customers that use something really makes a difference. 
 I'd say the other thing that's really different about us is that with all these different brands run by separate people, it's such a wealth of ideas and innovation. And we can try something in one brand and then not bet the farm and push it across multiple brands once we know it works. And Yasir's team is very innovative in looking at A/B testing and always trying something new, and that's been a big part of our success with our key tech partners. 
Marni Shapiro: That actually makes a lot of sense. Can I just ask a quick follow-up to it also? I guess it's a 2-part follow-up even. The trends that you're seeing that emerge during COVID, which ones do you think will be stickiest post pandemic? And also, it sounds like in spite of the enormous growth online and all your work online, it sounds like in every turn, you're still talking about the stores, and it sounds like that's still an important part of the story. Is that how you're thinking about it going forward? 
Laura Alber: Yes. Let's talk about the trends that we see. When you think about it -- I mean first of all, we're so excited that the vaccine rollout is underway, and we're so hopeful for reopening of the economy once we reach herd immunity. The home has always been your biggest investment. Home values have gone up over time historically for Americans. They invest in their home. They know that they usually get it back. And this year, it's the centerpiece. 
 Everything -- you were there too much. And you learn a lot of new things. And a lot of millennials and younger people learn to cook. Once you learn to cook, you never go back. You may go out to dinner, but you're going to cook better, and you're always going to be interested in the cooking trend. And that is key to the future of Williams-Sonoma.
 I would say secondly, entertaining. We haven't been able to entertain, right? I mean Easter, some people might actually be able to get together for Easter. July 4. Imagine the holidays. We are busy dreaming of the most inspiring Christmas parties that -- Hanukkah parties, New Year's parties that we can host in our homes and how we make that better for our customers, and we cannot wait to serve our customers. 
 Also outdoor, we all got fresh air. Nobody got -- nobody even got the cold or the flu. I think you're going to stay outdoors a lot more than you did before. We are seeing -- I mentioned the strength in West Elm outdoor. Well, by the way, it's equally as good at Pottery Barn and Williams-Sonoma Home. And if you haven't seen the new Williams-Sonoma Home catalog, take a peek at that because it's a dominant display of luxury outdoor that I think you'll be extremely inspired by. 
 The last big trend I just want to talk about is obviously hybrid work, work from home. I don't know about you, but I still haven't really accomplished the perfect work-from-home station. I still have a desk to buy. It's been so busy. You just don't get around to it. There's still a lot more room to make those work-from-home spaces better, and new home builds are going to include it. So that's a business we really play in, and we have that workspace business in West Elm. And we continue to grow it, and we have a lot on the horizon in innovation for work from home. 
 So there's a lot of opportunity for us, Marni. And it's just whether it's product growth strategies or Business-to-Business or channel strategies. You take those growth strategies together and you put it with our 3 key differentiators and the macro, I'm telling you, we are going to have a great ride here, and it's a multiyear ride. 
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude the question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the conference back over to Laura Alber for any additional or closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: Well, thank you all for joining us, and I really wish you and your families the best. And we appreciate your interest and look forward to talking to you soon, hopefully in person. 
Operator: Well, thank you. That does conclude today's conference. We do thank you for your participation. Have an excellent day.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-19 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. 
 I would now like to turn the call over to Elise Wang, Vice President of Investor Relations, to discuss non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking statements. Please go ahead. 
Elise Wang: Thank you. Good afternoon. This call should be considered in conjunction with the press release that we issued earlier today. Unless indicated otherwise, our discussion today will relate to results and guidance based on certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, and our explanation of why the non-GAAP financial measures may be useful, are discussed in Exhibit 1 of our press release. 
 This call also contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, trends, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2020 and beyond, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company's current press release and SEC filings, including the most recent 10-K for more information on these risks and uncertainties. 
 The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call. 
 I will now turn the conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer. 
Laura Alber: Thanks, Elise. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you all for joining us. Also on the call with me today are Julie Whalen, our Chief Financial Officer; Felix Carbullido, our Chief Marketing Officer; and Yasir Anwar, Chief Technology Officer. 
 On today's call, I want to talk to you about our outstanding third quarter results and more importantly, our company's distinctive positioning and long-term growth prospects. 
 In the third quarter, sales, again, outperformed expectations with demand comp up nearly 31% compared to a net comp of 24%, driven by strength across all of our brands. E-commerce accelerated sequentially to a record net comp of over 49%, and we were pleased to see our store performance improved throughout the quarter to a net negative 11% comp. Even more encouraging is the retail demand comp at negative 4%. And we delivered these sales more profitably with operating margins reaching record levels, expanding to 15.7% versus last year's 7.6%. 
 All of our brands outperformed. Pottery Barn delivered a net comp of 24.1%, driven by double-digit comps in all divisions. Growth initiatives, including PB Apartment and Marketplace, continue to build a momentum, growing more than 100% again this quarter to reach nearly $200 million in sales year-to-date. 
 Our Pottery Barn Kids and Teen business grew at a net comp of 23.8% with accelerated growth in all areas. We also saw a longer tail in our back-to-school business, with our Gear and study-at-home solutions delivering a strong finish to the season. The Williams-Sonoma brand delivered another record quarter with a net comp of 30.4%. This is a business that has always had a smaller online percentage compared to our other brands, and this represents a big opportunity. 
 Our initiatives in e-commerce and our real estate optimization strategies are driving our channel mix shift. We're also pleased to see our stores performing better than expected in the Williams-Sonoma brand. 
 And finally, in our West Elm brand, we saw a significant pickup in net comp in Q3 to 21.8%, driven by strong growth in all major categories as well as the traditional retail-dominant categories of textiles and decorative accessories. 
 As we enter the fourth quarter, holiday is off to a strong start across all of our brands. We are seeing earlier sales in holiday products than in years prior, and our teams are prepared and ready to meet this demand by moving up launch dates and marketing for our holiday merchandise. And we continue to see DTC's strength in retail improving despite reductions in store occupancy. 
 Our supply chain team is also working diligently to meet this elevated demand. Despite industry-wide capacity and shipping constraints due to COVID-19, our teams are leveraging our scale and unique business model to do everything we can to ensure the best customer experience this holiday. Our global sourcing team has been partnering with our vendors to expand capacity, leveraging our in-country presence and long-standing vendor relationships. Our transportation team worked quickly and aggressively early this year to further diversify our carrier network, and we believe we have successfully secured parcel shipping capacity for the elevated volumes we expect to drive this holiday. 
 We will also be maximizing our omni-channel capabilities such as ship from store and buy online, pick up in store to supplement our supply chain fulfillment capacity. We expect our omni services to fulfill up to 20% of our expected total DTC volume this holiday. These results demonstrate our company's ability to deliver long-term profitable growth post-pandemic. 
 Our company's mission is to enhance the quality of people's lives at home. We have built our business with this mission at the forefront, investing in areas that matter most to our customers. These include high-quality, well-designed, sustainable products at a great value because of our scale and vertical supply chain; inspiring marketing; and the convenience of our high-touch digital-first omnichannel experience. And this, combined with our loved brands that serve a wide range of customers across aesthetics and price points, is our distinctive positioning and is our competitive advantage. No one else in the market is doing what we are doing. Our mission also extends to how we take care of our employees, our vendor partners, our customers and our shareholders. 
 At Williams-Sonoma, Inc., and across our brands, we are good by design from managing resources responsibly, caring for our people and leading with our value. In a year marked by social, environmental and health crises on a scale not previously seen in our lifetime, these values are more important than ever. And we are proud to be leaders in our industry through our financial performance, our impactful ESG programs and how we have taken care of our people, while increasing returns to our shareholders. As we look at our business today, there are 3 key accomplishments that we believe will deliver significant growth for the future. 
 First, we've been acquiring new customers in our digital channels at a rate of over 30% year-to-date, a significant acceleration compared to previous years. While we have seen this in the past, it generally foreshadow strong business in the future. This is particularly notable -- a particularly notable increase as stores have historically been the key driver of new customer growth. This overall increase, despite less store traffic, shows the effectiveness of our current digital marketing strategy in acquiring new customers. 
 Second, and even more encouraging, is that we are attracting these customers while deliberately shifting away from promotions towards marketing that has inspiring content and it's brand building. This should mean that we have higher retention of these customers post-pandemic. 
 And finally, all of our brands are resonating with younger generations. Over the last 3 years, this cohort has driven the majority of our new customer growth. And year-to-date, millennials represent nearly 50% of our sales from new customers. This, of course, has not been a coincidence as our value proposition and competitive strengths are highly appealing to younger generations who have a strong affinity for design, engaging content and accessible sustainably made products. In addition to these 3 internal positive indicators, industry trends also support our longer-term growth. These industry trends include the rapid shift to e-commerce, further industry consolidation, the generational shift to a younger customer, the importance of sustainability and consumer purchasing decisions and the increase in remote work and population mobility. 
 We believe that we are one of the few retailers best positioned to take market share in the years to come. Not only is our value proposition relevant and compelling, our multiyear growth strategies and investments are working. We will continue to prioritize e-commerce growth and push the natural shift in our channel mix. We will also expand into product whitespace and aggressively support the growth of new businesses and opportunities within our brands and cross-brand. 
 For example, our business-to-business opportunity. We believe that Williams-Sonoma, Inc. business-to-business will be our next $1 billion business within the next 5 years. The B2B market is large and highly fragmented with a market size of $80 billion in the U.S. alone. Our competitive advantage is that we have 8 unique brands, in-house product development capabilities and a sustainable supply chain, which allows us to simplify the customer experience for our B2B customers. Since the launch of this business in 2019, we have gained traction in all areas with average order size and repeat purchases both growing double digits, and major project wins in residential, commercial, education, health care and hospitality verticals.
 Our number of contract accounts are up 50% versus last year. We are aggressively pursuing this growth opportunity and are on track to drive over $300 million in sales this year, which represents strong double-digit growth compared to last year. 
 Another key growth driver that we believe is underappreciated is our global opportunity. Our expansion to date has proven that we can grow profitably and with low capital investment, further supporting the viability of profitable growth in this business for us, and the estimated $450 billion global home furnishings market. 
 To reiterate, our strategy for expansion is through a franchise model, and we look forward to growing our presence in our current markets, and our launch in India next year. 
 In summary, our vision is to own the home. And with our distinctive positioning, we will only become more relevant. We have brands that serve a wide range of customers across aesthetics and price points. And unlike our competitors with undifferentiated marketplace models, we have always been different. We designed the vast majority of our products. And for those that we carry from third-party vendors, we ensure that they are high-quality, sustainable and the best value in the market. We offer service that is high-touch, both in-person and virtually because of our impactful stores and associates and our sophisticated e-commerce platform. And most importantly, the shift to e-commerce favors our business and provides a long runway to gain market share. 
 We have the strategies, the team and the world-class platform to successfully execute on our growth opportunities. And we are confident that we will continue to drive accelerating sales growth with increasing profitability and evolve into an even more attractive business for our stakeholders during and post-pandemic. 
 Before I turn the call over to Julie, I want to thank our team. We have been operating in this challenging environment for more than 8 months now, and our team has been an unwavering source of energy, creativity and determination. We are deeply appreciative of their remarkable performance. 
 And with that, I'd like to pass the call over to Julie to discuss our financial results for Q3 and our outlook for Q4 and beyond. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon, everyone. We are pleased to report another quarter of record growth and profitability. It is clear our mission and value proposition are increasingly more relevant, and our growth strategies are continuing to gain traction. And this, combined with our world-class platform that we have been investing in overtime, the agility and strong execution from our team and a culture of strong financial discipline has enabled us to capture market share and expand profitably. We are so proud that our ongoing financial strength has allowed us to continue to take care of our stakeholders, our associates, our customers, our communities and our shareholders during this unprecedented time. 
 Turning to the third quarter financial results. Net revenues grew 22.4% year-over-year to $1.765 billion, with net comp growth accelerating to 24.4%. This strong performance was driven by all of our brands and at a higher margin than we have seen as we have been materially shifting away from promotions. Our demand comp, which includes orders placed but not yet filled in the quarter, was again higher at almost 31% as sales continue to outpace our expectations. 
 Our accelerated growth was driven by a 49.3% comp in e-commerce and a material improvement in our retail revenues. All brands sequentially improved to strong double digits this quarter. Williams-Sonoma delivered another record net comp of 30.4%. Pottery Barn accelerated to a net comp of 24.1%, the Pottery Barn Kids and Teens business grew at a net comp of 23.8%. West Elm delivered a comp of 21.8% on top of 14.1% last year. And our emerging brands, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham, delivered another quarter of strong double-digit growth. 
 Moving down the income statement. Gross margin expanded 400 basis points to 40% in the third quarter. This was driven by higher merchandise margins and occupancy leverage. Higher merchandise margins resulted from reduced promotional activity as we continue to shift to a content-led marketing strategy that focuses on the overall value creation of our high-quality, sustainable products. 
 Occupancy leverage was driven by higher sales and an almost 3% or $5 million reduction in year-over-year occupancy costs, which includes the impact of reduced rent and operating costs from fewer stores. And this resulted in occupancy leverage of approximately 250 basis points at $174 million or 9.9% of revenues this year as compared to $179 million or 12.4% last year. This occupancy leverage, combined with our merchandise margin expansion, was partially offset by higher shipping costs year-over-year, driven by the substantial shift to e-commerce sales in the quarter as well as shipping surcharges from our third-party shippers. 
 We were pleased to see that even with these higher shipping costs, our selling margins, which include our merchandise margins and shipping, expanded 150 basis points. And this, plus our occupancy leverage, allowed us to deliver our highest ever third quarter gross margin rate. 
 SG&A leveraged 410 basis points to 24.3% of net revenues compared to 28.4% of net revenues last year. This was primarily driven by significant advertising leverage as we further optimize our digital spend on those initiatives that drove high returns in traffic and conversion, employment leverage and other leverage throughout SG&A from higher top line performance, lower variable store payroll and ongoing strong financial discipline. 
 These results led to another quarter of record profitability with operating income growth of 152% to $277 million and operating margin expansion of 810 basis points to 15.7%. This resulted in diluted earnings per share of $2.56, which grew 151% or more than double that of last year at $1.02. We are proud to achieve these levels of profitability, while continuing to take care of our associates with heightened safety protocols, such as personal protective equipment, frequent cleaning and COVID testing as well as higher employment costs from providing pandemic bonuses for our store associates and increased hourly wages for our distribution center associates. 
 On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with a strong cash balance of $773 million compared to $155 million last year. This reflects the strength of our cash balance as we entered 2020 as well as the resilience of our business during this pandemic, generating positive operating cash flow of almost $727 million year-to-date. Our strong liquidity position allowed us to fund the operations of the business to invest nearly $125 million in capital expenditures in support of our future growth, and to return nearly $117 million in the form of continued quarterly dividend payments to our shareholders. Additionally, this quarter, as previously announced, we also repaid in full our short-term borrowings under our $500 million revolver, reinstated our share repurchase program, repurchasing $109 million this quarter alone, and we also committed to a quarterly dividend increase of 10% effective with our next dividend payment in the fourth quarter. 
 These decisions reflect our confidence in the long-term growth and profitability trajectory of our business, and our commitment to maximizing returns for our shareholders. 
 Moving down the balance sheet. Merchandise inventories were $1.125 billion for a decrease of 10.6% year-over-year versus a 12.2% decline in the second quarter. As Laura said, we have been working closely with our vendor partners to manage through the COVID disruptions and to expand capacity. But given the ongoing elevated demand in our high back orders, we do not expect to be fully back in stock until the second quarter of next year. What this means is that we have 700 basis points of demand sales from Q3 that we expect to fill in future quarters when the inventory is available and delivered to the customer. We are pleased that our customers have continued to want their orders delivered even if they have slight delays. 
 Turning to our outlook for the rest of the fiscal year. It is clear from the latest surge in COVID infection rates across the country and globally that there is still, unfortunately, significant uncertainty related to this pandemic. As a result, we will not be providing specific sales and earnings guidance for fiscal 2020. But directionally, I can tell you our business continues to be strong across all brands 3 weeks into the fourth quarter. The momentum in our business is continuing. 
 From a gross margin perspective, with lower levels of planned promotions, we expect merchandise margins to continue to expand year-over-year. We also expect occupancy leverage to continue, driven by the cost savings from the leases that we have already renegotiated year-to-date as well as the closure of unprofitable stores and final rent abatement negotiations. This will be partially offset by higher shipping costs that will continue to be a headwind in Q4 given the anticipated elevated levels of e-commerce sales and peak surcharges that will come into effect during the holiday peak selling season. 
 In terms of SG&A, we expect to incur incremental costs associated with keeping our people and customers safe during the pandemic as well as additional supply chain employment costs. At the same time, we will continue to exercise strong cost discipline in all areas of nonessential spend to ensure that we can remain resilient during this period of uncertainty. As a result, on the year, we remain confident in our ability to drive substantial operating margin expansion versus last year due to our strong performance to date and the likely continuation of robust e-commerce trends through the balance of the year. 
 With regards to capital allocation, in addition to the increased quarterly dividend and reinstated share buyback program, we have increased our capital investments in high-returning initiatives that focus on digital to drive our long-term growth. We expect our total CapEx this year to be back relatively in line with historical levels. 
 As far as our longer-term outlook, we remain confident in our ability to drive strong top line results, while continuing to deliver operating margin expansion. It was clear pre-pandemic that our strategies for growth were working with accelerated comps through 2019 and an almost 10% comp heading into March before the pandemic accelerated. And these successful growth strategies, combined with our strong new customer count and growing loyalty customer base, the fundamental shift of business online as well as our leadership in sustainability, which has become increasingly more important to the consumer, reinforces our ability to continue to drive strong top line growth post-pandemic, and we expect to deliver this growth with further operating margin expansion. 
 As you know, we have a highly profitable e-commerce business with an operating margin that, over the last 10 years alone, has averaged over 21%. Unlike many retailers who are still in the process of scaling their online business, we have already made the significant investments in our e-commerce platform over many years, which enables us to drive significant leverage throughout as we further scale our e-commerce business. This is a significant competitive advantage that speaks to the earnings power of our digital-first model. 
 As we continue to prioritize e-commerce growth and structurally shift the channel mix of our business, we will drive material occupancy leverage as we renegotiate more favorable leases and close unprofitable stores. We have half of our leases coming up for renewal in the next 3 years, and we'll be looking at each lease and keep only those stores where the economics of the deal makes sense and where they are brand enhancing. Our plan, currently, is to close approximately 40 stores this year. Stores continue to be a competitive advantage as people like to see merchandise in-person. 
 However, we are anticipating a future with fewer, better, more profitable stores. We are also planning for merchandise margin expansion by not only continuing to deliver more relevant content-led marketing, but by also building more value into our product line, which will enable us to be less promotional. Our strong product line and loved brands gives us pricing power that others don't have because their products are undifferentiated. This is very important as we expect costs globally to increase over the next several years. 
 Another important driver of long-term operating margin expansion is SG&A leverage. And while there may be some increases in some lines, our shift to digital gives us confidence that we will be able to leverage throughout SG&A and to deliver operating margin expansion post-pandemic. 
 In summary, our third quarter results continue to demonstrate the power of our distinctive position and driving strong profitable growth. Customers come to us for our in-house design products that are high quality, sustainably made and have the best value in the market. They come to us for our brands that serve a wide range of aesthetics and price points. They come to us for our inspiring content that is engaging and speaks to their needs. And they come to us for the convenience that we offer with our omnichannel model. 
 These competitive advantages, combined with our long-term growth strategies and proven execution, give us the confidence that we'll continue to drive long-term strong sales and earnings growth and further returns for our shareholders, both this year and post-pandemic. 
 And now I would also like to thank our associates. Without their unwavering commitment to all our stakeholders, none of this would be possible. 
 I would now like to open the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And first, we'll go to Oliver Wintermantel, Evercore ISI. 
Oliver Wintermantel: Congratulations on this -- performance this quarter, again. I had a question, Julie, you mentioned shipping costs are staying high because of the shift to e-commerce, but then also for the rates of shippers. Do you expect that to actually increase in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter? And how do you plan to offset that? 
Julie Whalen: We do because there's peak charges that come in -- surcharges that come in during the holiday selling season. But what I will say is that our supply team has done an unbelievable job of coming up with alternative carriers that we can use to help take care of the capacity constraints we have as well as the higher prices. And so it won't be a full offset, but they certainly are doing everything they can to help mitigate it. And then, of course, along with the merchandise margin expansion, the occupancy leverage, we should still see gross margin expansion regardless of the shipping costs. 
Oliver Wintermantel: Got it. And in relation to that, if I may. Your COGS shipments from Asia, and I know you brought some of the production back into the U.S. Could you maybe update us how much of your sales are now coming from -- or for your COGS are coming from Asia? And how much is produced in the U.S.? 
Julie Whalen: I don't think we've ever disclosed that. I think what we've said in the past is that we've been moving goods out of China to other locations, other Southeast Asian locations. And so our goal was to get the amount that we had produced in China down by about 50% by the end of this year, and we're still on target to do that. 
Operator: Next up is Kate McShane, Goldman Sachs. 
Katharine McShane: A big question last quarter was the difference between the demand comp and the comp that you reported. And just what the demand comp would look like over time? Or what it could contribute to comp over time? So now that we are a quarter in here, I wondered if there was a way to quantify what the gap or what the demand comp, what part of it was made up, if you will, during the third quarter? Was it a big contributor to the acceleration in the comp that you saw from Q2 to Q3? And if not, just what was the unlock for the meaningful acceleration in your comp in Q3 versus Q2? 
Julie Whalen: The comp is driven by the strength across all brands. I mean the products are selling. Our performance is on fire from that perspective. When you look back to the last quarter, we had about -- I think it's an 800 basis point differential between demand and net. In this quarter, 700. So as products come in, as long as we're accelerating our performance on the top line, it's going to be a little bit of a leapfrog as we go through by each quarter. The teams have been working very aggressively on partnership with our vendors, and we have great relationships with our vendors to get back in stock as quickly as possible. But obviously, given this incredible demand that we're seeing from our customers, it's going to take a little while longer than we expected, mostly into Q2 of next year. But we haven't seen -- the customer has been 
 [Audio Gap] 
 we let them know of these delays. And so that's the great news that we expect this delta between demand and net to effectively come in the future quarters. 
Katharine McShane: My follow-up question to that is, is there a potential for furniture mix to be higher in Q4? Just again, with some of these delays in the order as things get pulled or pushed back, could you see more furniture mix in Q4? And would that be any kind of headwind in addition to maybe the higher surcharges you would see in the fourth quarter? 
Laura Alber: It's not a -- this is Laura. Usually, when we're talking demand comp in Q4, the nonfurniture, as a percent of total, comes up a bit as we do more gifting, and we have more Williams-Sonoma. However, you're right that we have a lot of net new furniture coming in, and hopefully, we'll fill a bunch of that. So it should not affect -- it shouldn't be a headwind. Furniture is a very profitable and great business for us. And we are just thrilled to be able to serve our customers and get the product in for them. And it doesn't matter what quarter that is. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Chuck Grom, Gordon Haskett. 
Charles Grom: Great quarter here. My question is on the margins and the outlook and the opportunity. You've got really 3 big buckets, reduced promotions, lower occupancy dollars and more efficient ad spend. So when you think ahead, and this isn't really about fourth quarter, but really more in the next couple of years. How would you rank those opportunities? What has you most excited? What categories do you think you have the most visibility on? 
Julie Whalen: Well, I mean, quite honestly, I think it's across the board. I mean the most -- the thing that we're excited about is this fundamental shift in our business going online, and I think that's a trend that's across the industry. And so as that shifts to e-commerce, and you combine that with the fact that we have many new customers in e-commerce, those 2 combined is going to allow our e-commerce business to thrive. And as that continues to happen, again, if you go back and look at our op margins from the last 10 years, they've averaged above 21%. So just that alone will drive significant op margin expansion going forward. 
 Then you layer in the fact that we are feeling very good about our merchandise margins and our ability to pull back on promotions with our content-led marketing strategy, and we expect that to continue. If you layer on the occupancy leverage that we're going to have from all these leases that we're renegotiating, they're coming up for renewal over the next 3 years and the stores that we may close if they're unprofitable, or we're going to keep the great ones and make sure that they have the profitability levels that we want, which we've set a higher bar. And so occupancy leverage will continue. And then, again, with that shift to e-commerce, the rest of the SG&A just leverages beautifully. So we think it's a huge opportunity going forward to be able to drive this business profitably. And the inflection point is the fact that we've shifted significantly to e-commerce, and we don't think that's going to change. 
Charles Grom: That's helpful. And then just maybe -- I just do 1 quick follow-up. One of the pushbacks on the story is just the sustainability of some of the trends that you're seeing today. So I guess I'm curious how you'd rank them in order of staying power over the next couple of years, the trends that are driving the strong demand you're seeing? 
Laura Alber: Sure. This is Laura. I want to remind everybody that pre-pandemic, we were running close to a 10% comp. And we saw great opportunity in our business, and we're very bullish actually about what we had in front of us. And so we've benefited clearly from the stay-at-home trend. But the bigger even pre-pandemic trends that were in our favor with industry consolidation away from brick-and-mortar. Previous to the pandemic, 80% was done in retail stores, and we knew that wasn't going to stay the same. 
 And so as people shift to online and younger customers have a lot more purchasing power, we knew that we would be one of the people who would pick up that big market share. And then as I keep saying, we have such a competitive advantage with our distinctive positioning. There's a lot of people online, but we serve a wide variety of customers across esthetics and price points. And our brands, as you know, are loved by our consumers, and we design our own products. And that's a big difference between us and a lot of other big players who will also, by the way, be successful. 
 It's not an either/or, but people are going to come to us because we have unique products that are accessible and that are sustainable and that are designed in-house and you can't buy elsewhere. And that is very powerful as our values really resonate with the consumers and the future consumers to be. 
 So we're very optimistic about consumers shopping with us. And then, of course, from a financial profile, we've talked about the pieces of our business that are leverageable and that are real and substantive. And we've been investing in e-commerce for so long that our platform is able to hold a lot more volume without these huge step-up investments that other retailers who've had only 10% to 20%, took time to invest. So we fully see ourselves in the digital-first business with great stores, more profitable stores than ever. We see us 70%, upwards to 70% e-commerce, and that is big time for the financial profile of our company. Just -- those are the things I'm excited about. 
Operator: Next from Morgan Stanley is Simeon Gutman. 
Simeon Gutman: Nice quarter. Laura, and I'll ask this in 2 parts. First, can you -- you talked about acquiring customers, and that should help you going forward. Can you talk about what you're learning now from an operating perspective, whether it's inventory management, maybe markdown management, movement of product that makes you stronger post-pandemic? And then, Julie, you mentioned, I think, the demand versus actual comp but narrowed by 1 point. Should we look at that, first of all, as a just a nonevent? Or does this mean that the supply chain is catching up or the demand is slow to tick? 
Laura Alber: What was the last thing you said? Demand has slowed, or what did you say? 
Simeon Gutman: So with the spread between the actual comp and the demand comp. If it narrowed by 1 point, it could just be a nonevent. But let's say, if we see that narrow by a few points going forward, can you attribute it more to the supply chain catching up to the demand? Or does that mean the demand slows a little? 
Laura Alber: Okay. I understand you now. Thank you. Okay. So it's always the toughest times that make you strongest, I think. And you have to really go back and look at what you're going to invest in. And what we've been doing is investing in the things that matter most to our customers and realizing the power of the people. You take care of your people and they do amazing things for you. And that's -- it's an operating principle that we know. But it's been really brought home through this, and we made those decisions early on to keep paying our people, not furlough them. And we made that decision. 
 I've never seen anything as powerful as that decision for our store associates. And you go into our stores now, and there's so -- there's -- it's such a different experience than so many other places in the malls because of that relationship with them and how close we are with supporting each other. 
 In terms of inventory management, we -- look, who would have called what's going to happen when it first came down. And I'm just impressed with the flexibility of the team in chasing products and getting us back in stock. And also, what we're doing now is just trying to quote the customer the best date we can the first time. So they see the delay in the beginning and it doesn't push out again. There's a big difference between if I know I'm waiting a certain amount of time for a sofa and if you push it out over and over. It's very different in how you feel about that delivering whether you, as a customer, considered on time. So we're building those delays as much as we can into our quote times now. 
 I'll just, since I'm talking, take the last question. To me, the net comp has always been something we look at. It's -- we have never seen this kind of big gap between them. And that was because we had the slowed -- the stores closed and then this huge spike and inventory low. And of course, that's what happens the first time and you catch up. As we continue to accelerate sales, you can continue to see this longer because you have to build the inventory back to be in better stock. So demand could go -- net coming in certainly may cut the amount. But this will -- this is a thing that will, on the P&L, be a benefit to the future, as much as we hate it. We'd rather have it in stock for the customer. That's the way we're trying to operate the business, and that's what we're going to go for when we get the inventory back in stock. But it will give us more sales in the future because the net will come in on the previously very high demand. Thanks for the questions. 
Operator: Next up is Brian Nagel, Oppenheimer. 
Brian Nagel: First off, congrats on a really nice quarter. Nice work. So the question I want to ask, look, with regard to the gross margin expansion, you talked about the shift in marketing to more of a content strategy away from promotions. So I mean just a couple of questions within that. One is, is there a way to kind of size the benefit of that to margins here in the quarter? 
 And then more strategically, clearly here, while demand was accelerating pre-pandemic, demand has turned even better here for the Williams-Sonoma family of companies through the crisis. Are you confident that the strategy of -- this content-driven strategy will yield the same type of results as demand trends potentially normalize back to what they may have been pre-pandemic? 
Laura Alber: I have Felix on the phone. Let me start the question, and then I'll pass it over to Felix. We're -- if anything, we've learned that we have to be the most adaptable to our current situation. I think when something like this pandemic takes you off your feet, you try new things, and we really decided that we -- people needed relevancy. They needed content that was inspiring. We're all busy staring at the screen. And that's much more exciting to hear about new things to cook at home with your family than it is to hear about the next 20% offer. And so we are always testing new things. We may find something else that's even better next year. But we're using our multiple brands to test different things in different brands and then roll them out. And so we don't take a huge risk with any given strategy. 
 And so we've been -- at the same time, as we've been pulling down our promotions, we have been also really working on our value. So if you go back to scripts in the past, you'll hear me talking about value, everyday value as a key part of our strategy, opening price point in Pottery Barn. That Pottery Barn apartment strategy is exactly that, to make sure that we're getting the new customers in. And of course, West Elm is a growing brand. 
 So we're going to continue to push value. It's not about price increases, it's about less promotions, less markdown inventory. We've now cleared the markdown substantially from where they were a year ago. Julie, do you want -- can we give him that number? You want to go ahead with that? 
Julie Whalen: It's down 37%. 
Laura Alber: Our clearance inventory. 
Julie Whalen: Clearance inventory. 
Laura Alber: Yes. And Felix, do you want to add anything to this? 
Felix Carbullido: Yes. Sure. I think it's a great question. So a couple of proof points when we look at the business is, in terms of -- is the content-led messaging cutting through. I look at the growth in our active 12-month customers. I see growth in customers who we haven't seen in over a year and that have returned to make a purchase. And our continued double-digit growth in new customers. So we like to see growth amongst all 3 cohorts. And then in terms of what it means for the future growth, the new -- the trends in new customers are incredibly encouraging. Number we really haven't seen before. 
 And I'm talking about higher retention rates for new customers and higher rates of cross-brand purchasing. So we believe those are strong indicators of their value over time. So those are some of the proof points I look at when is the message resonating. 
Operator: Our next question is Brad Thomas, KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Bradley Thomas: Let me add my congratulations on some great results here. I was hoping to follow-up on the topic of margins, and it does seem that there are some structural changes that support this breakout to new record highs for margins and a number of drivers for you going forward. I was hoping we could just talk maybe about some of the other side of the ledger here as we -- to keep us from maybe getting too far ahead of ourselves. Could you help us think about some of the dynamics like the record low clearance activity you're seeing, some of the increases in raw materials and transportation and labor costs? And maybe how we might think about factoring those in as we fine-tune our models for 2021? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. I think -- I mean, as we've said before, we still expect to have strong gross margins regardless of some of those headwinds that you've laid out. Obviously, the team has been very aggressive at working through that and thinking through what those costs could be like. But obviously, because we design and engineer our product, that gives us a price point strength that we can then create the right price for any of those headwinds in the raw materials or transportation that you spoke to. 
 Transportation, we do think, will continue to be a headwind. But as I mentioned earlier, the supply chain team has done a phenomenal job, sort of navigating through this. They acted quickly, aggressively to come up with alternative carriers. And so we're managing through that to see how we can mitigate the cost on that go forward. So even with those, again, the substantial tailwind we get by shifting to e-commerce and the flow-through that, that provides, as you've seen, to your point, in this quarter, we think that's going to be very helpful, along with the merchandise margins, along with the occupancy leverage to be able to drive significant op margin expansion going forward. 
Operator: Adrienne Yih from Barclays is up next. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: I will add my congratulations. Laura, I wanted to -- very well done, and the promotions, the content-led marketing is actually really coming through. It's very obvious. So kudos on that. But Laura, I wanted to ask you, as we go into -- kind of the big question of next year is how do you comp the comp? A lot of it comes from sort of new customers, new product lines, or customers -- same customers buying more of products. So one of the ones that really interested me here was your B2B comment. What is the size of that now? 
 Can you give us some of the metrics of I mean -- and forgive me if I'm ignorant on this, but is it a wholesale transaction? Is it a discounted retail price point, but give us some metrics on that and how we see that unfolding over time? 
 And then, Julie, on the long-term target, the mid- to high-single-digit top line, how should we think about that in EPS? And if I may, one last one. 70% e-commerce, stores will open again next year. So should we still think about that penetration as being 70%? And the ROIC aspect of it when you move to e-commerce truly is improving the cash flow. So I totally agree in that regard. 
Laura Alber: Great. Thank you for the question on B2B. So we decided for the first time to give you guys the number. So I think you probably might have missed it in the script, we're going to be over $300 million this year. And so it's been sizable. And we really are continuing to see even stronger strength. We passed our first $100 million milestone in a single quarter for the first time. And our growth was really driven by, in B2B, our internal program improvements and execution on our key strategies with a continued push to diversify our business pipeline across various industry verticals. And we're acquiring new customers. Average order size is improving at double-digit rate, and we're also seeing consistent build in sales volume each month. 
 In terms of strategic initiatives, we're aggressively expanding our contract deployment. So really converting our products to be contract grade. And to build brand awareness, we have transitioned to a virtual digital marketing and engagement platform. And for example, this is fun, we partnered with Interior Design Magazine this quarter to take part in a series of live interviews as well as an Instagram takeover featuring all of our brands. We're also expanding our B2B offering with Contract in virtual events such as cooking classes, which have been sell-out for us. We are charging for these virtual events, very interesting business opportunity that we're thinking about in a big way for the future. So industry -- the industry, believe it or not, continues to show positive signs for recovery, and we're seeing the Marriott pipeline continue. And there is a lot of -- the hotel occupancy rates, believe it or not, are rebounding from the industry lows. And the renovations were heavily impacted from COVID and then I'm moving forward again. 
 So we're seeing good internal indicators that the pipeline is only going to get stronger, and we've built the foundation so that we can handle these big orders. It's depending on what it is. It's a discount on retail, how big it is, and that's how we run it. So -- and as I mentioned earlier, usually, people have to go to 10 different suppliers to furnish these hotels or these projects, and they can just come to us and we can do the whole thing. And we can do -- made-to-size made-to-order products for them as well, which a lot of people can't do. 
 So that's, I think -- in addition to our great sales team, I think that's why we're winning. So I'll hand it over to Julie on the comps for the future and what that means for EPS, although we're not giving you that. But I'm going to let her comment about that. 
Julie Whalen: Yes. So we haven't disclosed that. But I think, obviously, you can translate, from a mathematical perspective, if you make your assumptions as to where it will fall. On the revenue side, clearly, we're leaning towards the higher end of that. And what kind of operating margin expansion could occur when you factor in the shift to e-commerce and you factor in the merch margin expansion and you also factor in the occupancy leverage continuing. And then clearly, I mean, it's kind of a nonanswer here, but it's -- let you do the math and you can come up with EPS. The bottom line is we expect strong growth in EPS. There's no reason from a translation from the op margin down to EPS at this time, that there would be any sort of reason that would cause it to be disconnected. If anything, interest expense would probably be coming down next year, since we would be in the line and things like that. So, sorry, it's kind of a nonanswer, but hopefully it helps. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Anthony Chukumba, Loop Capital Markets. 
Anthony Chukumba: I just had a quick question. So Julie, you mentioned fourth quarter surcharges for deliveries. And I know that's a seasonal thing, but I just want to make sure I understand. Is that -- are you seeing higher surcharges than you normally would in the fourth quarter? Or are you just sort of mentioning there are these surcharges you need to be aware of from a shipping cost perspective? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. No, it definitely will be higher. I think -- I'm sure people saw the EPS release, I think it was last quarter, where they indicated that for all retailers, they're passing along the cost. So we're not alone. But I think the difference is, as I say over and over, our phenomenal supply chain team has really done a great job. They've acted quickly and aggressively. And as you know, that's sort of our company culture. And so we moved on it immediately to be able to try to mitigate that as best we can, both from a capacity standpoint and from a pricing standpoint, and they have done a phenomenal job, coupled with the tech team to make it all possible. And so it doesn't mean we're not going to have these incremental costs or surcharges. But certainly, compared to others, we're going to be in a much better spot. So... 
Laura Alber: And UPS is a great partner of ours, and they've been a good partner. But the truth is there's a lot more cost with COVID in the supply chain. 
Operator: Our next question is Steven Forbes, Guggenheim Securities. 
Steven Forbes: I wanted to follow-up on the customer cohorts, right, and maybe specifically focus on the active 12-month customer base. I'm really just curious if you can expand on how that cohort has engaged with the portfolio of brands during 2020, right, maybe relative to '19? Any context there? And whether you have seen any change in behavior, right? Whether it's opting out or any sort of behavioral change, right, as the business has migrated, right, more towards this content-led and less promotional activity, right? As we think about your conviction behind ongoing growth and market share gains. 
Laura Alber: I'm going to let Felix take that. 
Felix Carbullido: Yes. Sure. Thank you for the question. I guess I'll start with -- it's a record high number of active customers. So -- and that's driven both by the existing customer base and new customers coming in, especially in the D2C channel. So I look at that number and I say, "okay, well, the message that we're giving is clearly resonating." I think about e-mail metrics, including engagement, open rates. I look at our social engagement, those are record high numbers that we've seen. So the message is clearly cutting through. In terms of the makeup of the customers, I mean, Laura mentioned, we're starting to see more millennials into our customer base at a greater rate than we ever have before. And that -- as we all know, that's a huge generation. It's the biggest generation we've seen in our lifetime. So that gives us promise for all of 2021 and further on getting those customers now as they move into household formation. 
 And then I think, lastly, the majority of our customers, our new customers are now members of The Key, our cross-brand loyalty program. So we've seen Key members have higher repeat rates and higher retention rates than non-Key members. So all of that means our active customer base is well suited for growth for next year. Did that answer your question? 
Steven Forbes: Yes, it did. And I don't know -- I don't think we've got an update on The Key members in some time, and given that you mentioned. Is that something you can provide today as well? 
Felix Carbullido: Sure. Yes, we have over 11 million members, and as I mentioned, most of our new customers are now enrolled. And The Key, which is our loyalty program, as you know, it's a very cost-efficient way for us to drive incremental sales. And I'm proud to say that year-to-date, we now have more cross-brand customers than we ever had in our company. So that we know is an incremental opportunity for all of us. And clearly, much more efficient way to drive sales with existing customers than acquiring new ones. So again, gives us confidence in advertising efficiency going forward. 
Operator: Our next question is Marni Shapiro, Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: Congratulations. So I'm going to move on past COVID. I'm tired are talking about it to the post-COVID world. Laura, you've talked a lot about your point of differentiation and your brands and everything that you guys do internally. You've also, for quite some time now, focused your company on sustainability and organic products. And things that, I think, millennials and Gen Z are very interested in. So can you think, in 2021 as everybody has discovered that home is a great business, how do you think about marketing sustainability and this part of the business to keep your positioning and kind of even better position you guys for the future? 
Laura Alber: Thank you so much for the question. It's so important to us, and we will continue to pursue sustainability programs that are strategic and material to our business and important to our customers. We're going to lead here. We're going to lead in ethical production, we're going to lead in worker well-being, and we'll build out our environmental commitments. We put out our report in October. And for next year, we're going to -- for climate and energy. We're going to build on this year's Scope 3 footprint and CDP disclosure to develop and set a science-based target for reduction. And responsibly materials and finishes, we're going to continue our leadership in Cottonwood and GreenGuard. And we're going to expand our commitments around lower-impact alternatives like recycled polyester. And in waste and circularity, we're going to build off of our scale and our successful circular pilots. 
 And across all these ESG areas, we'll continue to disclose and measure and track our progress. For example, this year, in our corporate responsibility report, we made public our commitment to diversity inclusion with our equity action plan and our first-ever data on gender and ethnicity representation. We are committed to our mantra of good by design, and our pillars are people, planet and purpose. 
Operator: Next up is Seth Basham, Wedbush. 
Seth Basham: Congrats as well. My question is really a clarifying one. Julie, I think you mentioned that you expect operating margin expansion post-pandemic. Should we take that to mean after we get a virus, you still expect operating margins to rise from whatever trailing 12-month level they're at for the next 12 months? And after we get a vaccine, I should say? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. We do expect ongoing operating margin expansion because our expectation is that top line is going to continue to thrive, especially in e-commerce, as I mentioned. And all the things that we're doing from a margin expansion perspective and occupancy leverage, all of that will continue. And so we do expect it to expand above where we're landing on this year. 
Seth Basham: Fantastic. And then secondly, as we just think about some of the shipping dynamics one more time, what are you doing in terms of shipping fees that you're charging customers to mitigate some of the higher costs that you're incurring? 
Laura Alber: We haven't changed our model. It's the same shipping model that we have. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that is all the time we have for questions today. I'd like to hand the conference back to Laura for any additional or closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: Sure. Thank you all for joining us today, and I really, sincerely wish you a wonderful and safe Thanksgiving with your friends or probably just your family, but maybe your friends, if I assume. So we'll be talking to you soon and look forward to it. 
Operator: Once again, everyone, that does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded.  
 I would now like to turn the call over to Elise Wang, Vice President of Investor Relations, to discuss non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking statements. Please go ahead. 
Elise Wang: Thank you. Good afternoon. This call should be considered in conjunction with the press release that we issued earlier today. Unless indicated otherwise, our discussion today will relate to results and guidance based on certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and our explanation of why the non-GAAP financial measures may be useful are discussed in Exhibit 1 of our press release.  
 This call also contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, trends, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2020 and beyond, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company's current press release and SEC filings, including the most recent 10-K for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call.  
 I will now turn the conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer. 
Laura Alber: Thank you, Elise. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you all for joining us. Also on the call with me today are Julie Whalen, our Chief Financial Officer; Felix Carbullido, our Chief Marketing Officer; and Yasir Anwar, our Chief Technology Officer.  
 As you saw in our press release, we delivered an exceptional second quarter, with net comp growth of 10.5%, operating margin expansions nearly doubled that of last year at 13.1% and record earnings growth of over 100%. E-commerce again drove our results, growing 46% in the quarter and our stores performed better than expected, improving throughout the quarter as we reopened.  
 In a time when home is more important than ever, we have taken this opportunity to push our longer-term plans. We will do this in 3 different ways: first, we will accelerate digital growth and fundamentally shift the channel mix of our business; second, we're focusing our marketing strategy on content and building customer relationships; and third, we're stepping up our profitability and our longer-term earnings outlook.  
 Our digital-first strategy, our trusted brands, our omnichannel approach and our commitment to sustainability will continue to provide a powerful source of differentiation and a competitive advantage for our business. As always, and especially in challenging times, what makes us proud as a company goes well beyond the products we sell. In the last several months, we've witnessed not only the ongoing impact of the global pandemic, but also heartbreaking reminders of racial injustice in our country. As we continue to support COVID relief efforts in our communities, we are also taking action to help drive positive change and create a more equitable, inclusive future for all. We are committing to multiyear donations to racial justice organizations and increasing black representation internally and deepening our diversity and inclusion efforts. 
 These are extraordinary times that require us to continuously evolve and rethink how we best serve all of our stakeholders. We are rising to the challenge, learning, adapting and leading with our values in everything we do. We know thoughtful actions now will shape the next phase of our growth. We are firmly focused on this opportunity and investing in long-term strategies.  
 Now let's talk about Q2 in more detail. While our net comp was at 10.5%, demand comp was substantially higher. Our e-commerce business grew at a net comp of over 46%, and includes purchases made through our omnichannel services, such as curbside pickup and ship from store. We further optimized our digital experience, adding more inspiring content and enhancing the speed and usability of our e-commerce sites.  
 As it relates to our stores, traffic was down, but conversion was up substantially, and our stores outperformed expectations, improving material -- materially from May to July, with third quarter-to-date demand comp improving to negative high single digits.  
 Another highlight of the quarter was a significant expansion in our margins. In addition to cost savings across the business, we substantially pulled back our promotions and leaned into content-led marketing. Our value equation is driving lasting, authentic connections with our customers and also attracting record-high new customers. Our e-commerce performance this quarter was a powerful example of our brand and digital strategies at work. The key drivers of our growth were innovative, sustainable products, and engaging content-rich experience and technology improvements. Our newly designed single page checkout experience, improved site speed, extensive product information page improvements, and our Outward powered Design Crew Room Planner enhancements all drove strong results.  
 Also this quarter, we continue to optimize our digital spend, high-returning investments, leveraging our in-house media capabilities and a strict test and learn agenda across the portfolio. Our content-rich online experience, coupled with our marketing strategies, drove another quarter of very strong customer growth in the e-commerce channel as well as substantial increase in organic traffic.  
 Now let's talk about our brands. Probably the most impressive was the Williams-Sonoma brand, which delivered a record quarter with a net comp of 29.4%. We maximized the shift to cooking at home during the pandemic and executed on a relevant marketing strategy. Customer growth reached over 15% and we saw an increasing number of new and returning customers turning to us for their cooking and at-home dining needs. Our marketing and relevant content strategies were driven by our food-first approach, highlighting ideas, recipes and culinary skills that revolved around eating well at home.  
 To support the vendor community across the country, we added perishable products from local restaurants and increased our assortment of foods to meet the rising demand from our customers. As we look forward, we are excited about the growing interest in cooking especially for millennials, which will not only benefit our business in the short term, but as more people learn to cook, it will become a lifelong skill that should drive our business over the longer term.  
 To continue our growth trajectory in the Williams-Sonoma brand, we are focused on innovative, exclusive products, further improving our digital experience, driving more awareness and interest in cooking at home and optimizing our channel mix.  
 Our Pottery Barn brand also had a very successful quarter, driving a net comp of 8.1%. Our product line continued to improve, with exciting new aesthetics and high-quality sustainable products at great price points. Businesses that saw a particular strength in the quarter were outdoor furniture, work-from-home solutions and products to update family living spaces. Our growth initiatives, PB Apartment and Marketplace, also grew ahead of expectations and contributed meaningfully to our comp growth.  
 The foundation of our Q2 performance was the tremendous results in our e-commerce channel, which reached over 70% of our sales. We continue to improve our site experience by adding inspiring content that drove strong organic traffic, high average order value and units per order. Our Pottery Barn children's home furnishings business was also strong in the second quarter, with a net comp of 4.8%.  
 It's clear that customers are responding to our sustainable, high-quality products. Our industry-leading assortment of GREENGUARD certified organic and fair trade products are resonating with customers more than ever, especially in our baby business, which continued to accelerate in Q2 as a key growth category.  
 One area of softness has been our backpack business as most schools are starting the academic year with distance learning. But we are seeing a surge in our study-at-home solutions, especially home study furniture across both Pottery Barn Kids and Teen as we become the destination for study from home for kids of all ages.  
 West Elm continues to deliver very strong net comps year-over-year at 7% and on a 2-year basis of 24.5%. This brand continues to have high appeal, particularly in our furniture categories where we saw substantial growth in indoor and outdoor as well as key successes in home office, dining and storage furniture this quarter. We substantially enhanced our digital experience in previously retail dominant categories like upholstery, textiles and decorative accessories, which also contributed to our growth online. Also in the quarter, we expanded our Steelcase partnership for the launch of a new furniture collection, aimed at helping our customers work from home comfortably and productively with products that provide form and function.  
 Cross-brand, our business-to-business division reaccelerated substantially to double-digit growth. As you know, this is a large, highly fragmented industry that we are disrupting. We have invested in a strong sales team and support in our infrastructure to turn this opportunity into a $2 billion business.  
 In the second quarter, as states reopened, we were there for our customers in offering a furniture resource that was immediately available for hotels, restaurants and corporate public spaces. We also continued to see significantly higher sales growth from our cross-brand loyalty key members compared to nonmembers and more customers shopping across our portfolio of brands to furnish their homes. It goes without saying that none of these results will be possible without our people. Their ongoing resilience and dedication have never been more apparent than during these difficult times. We are proud to continue to invest in our associates through several initiatives announced this quarter, including increasing the minimum wage for hourly associates and further enhancements to our [ press release ] policy. Building on our strong culture, especially in time of real adversity is not only the right thing to do, but also creates more loyalty and a better experience for our customers.  
 Looking forward to the second half of the year and beyond, we are confident in our growth trajectory. The strong trends from last quarter are continuing. Our product pipeline is one of the best we've ever seen. Our e-commerce initiatives are driving accelerating KPIs and our inventory position will continuously improve. Longer term, we believe the behavioral changes and industry shifts that have emerged from the pandemic will persist and continue to favor our business.  
 Over the past 5 months, we have seen an acceleration in online sales and with our powerful digital platform and trusted brands, we are maximizing the shift and driving e-commerce sales to new levels. We expect this trend to continue and are executing to a future where stores will be fewer in number but even better in experience. As a result, we are not only more confident in our long-term financial outlook, but in our potential to further expand our profitability. We're investing in the next phase of our growth and the opportunities that position us for accelerated market share gains. And as we look ahead, we are more optimistic than ever about our future.  
 Now I'll turn it over to Julie, who will provide more detail on our second quarter financial results. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon, everyone. Our second quarter performance demonstrated our ability to deliver strong top line growth at record profitability levels. Our top line acceleration, combined with strong financial discipline, resulted in the highest operating margin we have seen outside of a holiday fourth quarter and earnings per share of more than double last year. This performance reaffirms the resilience of our digital-first model and the enduring appeal of our innovative and sustainable products. It also speaks to the strength of our team and their agility and strong execution during these challenging times.  
 Before I discuss our financial results in more detail, I wanted to give you an update on our response strategy to the current pandemic. As COVID-19 continues to present ongoing challenges, safety and adaptability remain our guiding principles for how we are operating during this time. This has meant heightened safety measures in all of our supply chain operations in our reopened stores and across our corporate offices. From a financial perspective, given the uncertainties in the macro environment going forward, maintaining strong financial health remains a top priority. As we continue to prepare our business to the various economic scenarios that could unfold the next 6 to 12 months, we are maintaining tight expense control over all nonessential spend, including the elimination of almost all business travel and other discretionary spend. Advertising investments are limited to those initiatives with the highest returns and our capital expenditures have been prioritized for those initiatives that support our e-commerce growth and further our long-term competitive positioning, including investments in technology and our supply chain operations, while reducing our investments in store remodels and relocations. These actions and our culture of strong financial discipline have allowed us to deliver strong profitability despite the incremental operating costs associated with COVID-19.  
 Our liquidity position remains robust as our strong performance year-to-date has generated over $216 million in operating cash flow and has contributed to bringing our cash balance to almost $950 million. And as mentioned on our last call, we further improved our financial flexibility recently by adding $0.5 billion of liquidity through the extension of our $300 million term loan to January 2022 and the addition of a $200 million, 364-day unsecured revolving credit facility. We believe this level of liquidity puts us in a very strong position to continue supporting our operations while investing in the long-term accelerated growth of our business.  
 Now turning back to our second quarter performance. Net revenues in the second quarter grew 8.8% to $1.491 billion, with a net comp growth of 10.5%, the highest quarterly comp we have seen in the past 10 years. Our demand comp, which includes orders placed but not yet filled in the quarter, was substantially higher at almost 19%. This growth was driven by another quarter of incredibly strong e-commerce growth, which accelerated to a net comp of 46.4% and reached almost 76% of our total revenue in the quarter.  
 By brand, Williams-Sonoma delivered a record net comp of almost 30%, driven by triple-digit growth in its e-commerce business. Pottery Barn accelerated to its highest quarterly net comp in recent years of 8.1% and West Elm grew at a net comp of 7% on top of 17.5% last year. Our Pottery Barn children's home furnishings business drove a net comp of 4.8%, with particular strength in our Teen business. And our emerging brands, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham, delivered another quarter of double-digit growth.  
 Moving down the income statement, gross margin for the second quarter was 37% compared to 35.4% last year. The 160 basis points of expansion in our gross margin was driven by higher merchandise margins and occupancy leverage. Higher merchandise margins resulted from reduced promotional activity as we continued with our shift to a content-led marketing strategy that focuses on the overall value equation of our high-quality sustainable products. Occupancy leverage was driven by higher sales and an almost 6% or $11 million reduction in year-over-year occupancy costs, which includes the impact of reduced rent and operating costs from fewer stores as well as reductions from COVID-19-related rent abatements.  And this resulted in occupancy leverage of 170 basis points at $166 million or 11.2% of revenues this year as compared to $177 million or 12.9% last year. The combined impact of these 2 drivers was partially offset by higher shipping costs. Shipping costs were up in the quarter as a result of the substantial shift to e-commerce sales in the quarter as well as shipping surcharges from our third-party shippers that went into effect from the last month of the quarter. In addition, we continued to be negatively impacted by incremental China tariffs.  
 SG&A leveraged 460 basis points to 23.9% of net revenues compared to 28.5% of revenues last year. This was primarily driven by significant advertising leverage as we further optimize our digital spend on those initiatives that drove high returns in traffic and conversion employment leverage and other leverage throughout SG&A, primarily from higher top line performance, lower variable store payroll and strong financial discipline. These results led to our record profitability with operating income growth of 108% to $195 million and operating margin expansion of 620 basis points to 13.1%, the highest operating margin we have seen outside of a holiday fourth quarter. This resulted in diluted earnings per share of $1.80, which was more than double that of last year at $0.87.  
 We are very pleased to be able to achieve these levels of profitability while continuing to pay all our corporate associates and store associates who are working over 12 hours per week as well as absorb the incremental cost to help keep our associates and customers safe during this pandemic, including personal protective equipment, frequent cleaning, testing and COVID bonuses for our supply chain associates. Going forward, even though our profitability is at record high, given the uncertainty in the economic environment due to the COVID pandemic, we will continue to eliminate all nonessential spend to ensure that we can continue to fund the operations of our business and to invest through this crisis and emerge as an even stronger and more resilient business, delivering sustainable, long-term profitable growth.  
 On the balance sheet, as previously mentioned, we ended the quarter with a strong cash balance of almost $950 million compared to $120 million last year. This reflects the strength of our cash balance as we enter 2020, the full drawdown on our $500 million line of credit with the support of our banking partners back in March as well as the resilience of our business during this pandemic, generating positive operating cash flow over $216 million year-to-date. This cash balance has allowed us to not only fund the operations of the business, but to also invest over $76 million in capital expenditures in support of our future growth and return over $79 million in the form of continued quarterly dividend payments to our shareholders.  
 And given the strength of our business and our current liquidity levels, we have made the decision to return our capital expenditures to pre-pandemic levels. We are also contemplating reducing the amount outstanding on our $500 million line of credit during the third quarter. Our decision process will take into account various factors, including the uncertainty that still remains in the macro environment.  
 Moving down the balance sheet, merchandise inventories were $1.042 billion for a decrease of 12.2% compared to last year. This reflects our efforts to cut and push out our inventory purchases to preserve our liquidity at the beginning of the pandemic and the impact of our subsequent substantial e-commerce outperformance in the past 2 quarters. We have been working closely with our vendor partners, the majority of whom have returned operating at full capacity, and we expect to see continuous improvement in our inventory position.  
 Turning to our outlook for the second half and our fiscal year guidance. We have made the decision not to provide specific full year guidance at this time, given the uncertainty in the economic environment due to the COVID pandemic. What we do know now is that our business continues to be very strong in the third quarter. Quarter-to-date sales remain robust across all brands and inventory will continuously improve through the balance of the year. However, as much as we expect to improve our overall profitability on the year and going forward, the Q2 level of SG&A is not sustainable. We have significantly reduced payrolls and ad cost spend as our sales expectations were lower than what we actually delivered this quarter.  
 In terms of margin, we believe they were going to continue to be able to reduce promotions as well as deliver occupancy leverage, but shipping will be a major headwind in the back half. Various surcharges have been announced by third-party shippers on all retailers, and these higher costs will affect us in Q3 and more so in Q4 as a result of peak surcharges during the holiday season. In addition, we also expect to incur incremental costs associated with keeping our people and customers safe during the pandemic.  
 Regardless, we remain confident in our ability to drive higher operating margins on the year compared to last year due to our strong performance to date, including our robust e-commerce performance, which we believe will persist through the balance of the year.  
 With regards to capital allocation, given our business has not only recovered substantially but excelled during this pandemic, we have increased our capital investments in high-returning initiatives that focus on digital to drive our long-term growth. And as it relates to our dividend, we have announced today another quarterly cash dividend of $0.48 per share, which speaks to the confidence we have in our business as well as our commitment to shareholder returns.  
 Looking further ahead, as Laura mentioned, we are even more confident in our long-term financial outlook. The renewed appreciation for the home and at-home experiences, such as cooking and working from home, together with the accelerated shift to online for home furnishings, continue to favor our business on all fronts. We are executing with speed and agility to capture the unprecedented opportunity that lies ahead for our company. Our strong performance through this crisis reinforces the relevance of our design-led, sustainable products, and the power of our digital-first platform.  
 With more consolidation expected in our highly fragmented industry, we are confident that we are one of the very few retailers who are best positioned to outperform and to aggressively take share. As a result, we now believe that with the acceleration of our profitable e-commerce business, becoming a bigger part of our total growth, we can drive operating margin expansion.  
 In summary, this past quarter was another powerful display of our competitive strengths that continue to extend our leadership in the home industry. Our innovative, sustainable products, our multi-brand digital-first model and our content-rich marketing are the reasons why customers are choosing us over the competition. And this, combined with our long-term growth road map and strong execution, gives us the confidence in our ability to maintain this growth and increase profitability in the years ahead.  
 Before I turn the call over for questions, I want to thank our associates for their ongoing dedication, flexibility and resilience during these challenging times. They are at the core of our company's success and our ability to continue to serve all our stakeholders, our customers, our associates and our shareholders. 
 I would now like to open the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go ahead and take our first question from Adrienne Yih with Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Let me say, a remarkable quarter, really truly remarkable. Laura, I was wondering if -- or actually, Laura or Julie, if you can talk about what drove the late quarter demand comp? The differential between the 19% and the 10.5%, should we assume that, that sort of a tailwind that should be recognized on top of whatever kind of momentum comp you had in the third quarter? 
 And then just really quickly, are you seeing trends outside of major metropolitan suburbs, this notion of de-urbanization as a sustainable trend? How do you think about that going forward? 
Laura Alber: Adrienne, it's Laura. So we saw -- we've seen very strong demand. And as you know, when the pandemic began, we substantially cut our inventories and our business partners are so reactive that they were able to do that. And so obviously, as our demand exceeded the inventory levels, not only do you not fill it in some cases, you put it on that order, but also the demand itself is constrained. So one could say that the demand comps have actually been even higher had we had the inventory in stock. So the inventory levels were point one. 
 Point two is mix. So our business is growing really across the board, but more rapidly in furniture and specifically drop ship furniture. We made a big strategic move to move a lot of our Asian upholstery, particularly for West Elm into our Sutter Street operations. And so of course, that inventory previously was stored in our distribution center and now we're making it to order. So there's a natural delay that also just happens because we're shifting into domestic upholstery. 
 In terms of your second question about demographics, we have Felix here. Felix, if you want to talk about our customers and what we're seeing across the board? 
Felix Carbullido: Sure. You got it. In terms of urban and suburban, we haven't seen dramatic shifts, but I think what's noteworthy is the shift into a suddenly younger demographic, with the millennial population getting into household formation. We also are seeing a nice growth in condo and apartment dwellers, where I think we've spent a lot of time and energy focused on the size and scale of our furniture as well as our opening price points. I think that, coupled with the fact that we do offer such a great assortment that is sustainably built is part of the attraction of what millennials are finding. So I think those are 2 trends that we're starting to see from a demographic perspective. 
Operator: We'll go ahead and take our next question from Peter Benedict with Robert W. Baird. 
Peter Benedict: So I guess, maybe, Julie, can you maybe frame the tariffs hit this quarter? And as we think about the second half year, the tariff headwind should basically be a push, I would think. But I just wanted to confirm that and when you think about that, how is the shipping cost headwind in comparison to the size of the tariff headwind -- that shipping headwind just basically replaced what's been the tariff headwind. So kind of a cost question. I know you mentioned in your prepared remarks, but can you give us maybe a little bit more detail around those so we can think about that correctly? 
Julie Whalen: Sure. So from a China tariff perspective, as we've said before, as we move throughout the year, the year-over-year impact becomes less. There's still a year-over-year impact in the back half, but it's not as big as Q1 and Q2. And so that will reduce as we move throughout the year, but we'll still have, obviously, the China tariffs. 
 As far as the shipping, the shipping charges are material. I think you've heard from the third-party shippers that they are imposing surcharges on all retailers. And so that will be a headwind as we move into the back half, particularly in the fourth quarter with peak surcharges. And it will be sizable. We haven't disclosed the amount, obviously, it's confidential from a contractual perspective, we can't speak about it. But it is something that will have -- put pressure on our gross margins. But of course, with occupancy leverage and higher merch margins that are expected and ongoing SG&A leverage, we are very confident in our ability to drive off margin expansion. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go ahead and take our next question from Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer. 
Brian Nagel: Great quarter, congratulations. So I'll stick to the one question rule. Just maybe to elaborate further, just on the trended business through the quarter. I think, Laura, you had mentioned in your comments about how stores were tracking. I'm looking at just how the business trended through the quarter, both in-store and online, in particular, as the stores open, then maybe if you could elaborate further on just what we're seeing so far into the third quarter. 
Laura Alber: Yes. I mean it's not -- there's nothing really there that would be interesting, I don't think, to you, even if you saw everything, it's very consistently strong as it is still now. Of course, the stores open and then now we have, I think, 22 currently we shut. So that doesn't help when I read you the comp, and I told you earlier where the comp is right now, that includes that. So we have just rock star store people, who are driving business, not just when the stores are open, but also driving online through design and virtual chats, which is quite amazing. 
 And so they're just so dedicated. We're so proud of them. And that's a big part of, I think these results is what they're doing, and they're training. We kept them all working, and they're so valuable to us because they know how to sell furniture, they know our line of furniture and they're able to do it from home. So it wasn't great, that stores we closed. That was hard for everyone, but they're making the most of it. 
 So the big question becomes, I think, as we look in the second half, is what happens. Do more stores shut, do more stores open. And that would be a benefit. I think the stores are really an add to our digital-first strategy. And they certainly bring to life our product and allow you to make even a better decision. So we're very hopeful that they'll stay open, and we'll keep everybody safe as we have been with our appointments and our safety protocol and constant cleaning. 
 So we're very optimistic about the back half. We have a lot of things in our favor. And we feel very lucky at the time where I know it's not the case for everyone, and we're very cognizant of that and empathetic about what's going on in the world and doing our part to use our strength to also make a big difference in the communities and with our employees to drive both safety but also mental health and racial justice. 
 So I know it's a lot of an answer to your one question, but it's important to us, and it's our true North right now, and our values are driving our business, and our business is allowing us to do more for our stakeholders. 
Brian Nagel: And so this -- so in -- through Q2, though, the business strength through the second quarter? 
Laura Alber: A strong throughout -- it's strong. It's a strong throughout. There's different things that happen when you comp different promos, you decide not to comp a promo, and that has nothing to do with demand. It's just how it flows, but there's not a lot of change there. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Oliver Wintermantel with Evercore ISI. 
Oliver Wintermantel: Yes. Laura, you mentioned several times in the prepared remarks, like your digital-first strategy and investments in CapEx more on the e-commerce side and the IT investments. What does that mean for your store base? Is there an underlying message that we might see an accelerated store closures? Or I just want to see, in 2 years or 3 years, how would your store base look compared to today? 
Laura Alber: Yes, sure. So first of all, we have been investing in e-commerce for many years. So we have a very sophisticated platform. It's not as if we have some big hockey stick to come with the tech back. I'm going to let Yasir in a minute who's with us talk about the things we are adding that are driving significant performance, but let me answer your store question specifically. 
 So we see stores as an addition to our strategy. That said, we have significant amounts of leases up for renewal. In the next 3 years, over half come up. Over half. So whether we keep them, close them, renegotiate them or relocate, we are sitting in a very strategic place in this time. And we are investing in our stores where we operate, and we are closing others so that we can be very focused on running great stores with great experiences in them. The mix will continue to shift. Obviously, because the growth in DTC is much greater and stores are contracting. And this is giving us a lot of occupancy leverage. And our landlord partners, we have some very, very good ones, really see us as a very strong partner. They want to keep us, and we're working together with them to stay in those stores and have very high profit levels. And where that doesn't work for them, we just -- we go somewhere else to re-lease entirely to market. 
 I think this pandemic has shown us that we are agile and we can operate regardless. And those store people are the people who make this happen, whether they have their stores open or are talking to customers from home. And that was something that I think we're all really just -- we hope would happen, but we're so impressed, continues to be a strength. Okay. So now I'd like to pass it over to Yasir to talk about our stance on technology and investment in e-commerce. 
Yasir Anwar: Great. Thanks, Laura. So I think connecting with the stores and then I'll get into the e-commerce, like stores also, like I said, we have provided -- continue to provide and invest great tools into the hands of our associates, especially of our designers, who are connected deep into the communities. The design experiences Laura just mentioned about the design tools, the virtual chat, the appointments, all of that, that has given strong tools into the hands of our designers and that have made an impact in engaging with the customers. And we have also been continuously investing in converting stores into more omni experiences, right? Whether it's buy online, pick up in stores, ship from store, ship to store, curbside pickup, especially be providing safety to the customers during the COVID times and that has worked very well for our customers and for our associates. 
 And our e-commerce, which is a huge -- has been a huge business and has been a big growth engine for us, continues -- we continue to invest. In COVID time, we took understanding, we took a step back and looked at the optimized way to keep investing in tech. And right now, we are trending back towards our pre-COVID investment in technology all over, including definitely and doubling down on e-commerce. And the whole technology team, I would say at this time is I'm so proud to have such a growth mindset and everybody in my technology team, agility, commitment and willing to fight against all odds. So during these COVID times, many companies have gone through faster transformation, digital transformation, we have done the same many, many X times, and we have gone faster in implementing building things, which might have taken 6 months in a regular time period. My teams have built it in 2 months or 1.5 months. 
 We have gone very fast to the market to experiment with the customers and learn the signals from the customers what they need in our sites and experiences, using our own homegrown experimentation platform, using our own homegrown recommendations platform, and the outward power, which Laura and everybody on the leadership talks about, is like we're trying to -- we're connecting out for much better than ever with our website experiences, with our store experiences and design. 
 So I can go on and on, the supply chain transformation we're doing. And a lot -- one important thing to see is like the transformation in the past 2 years has been to focus and drive our decisions based on data, analytics and powered by artificial intelligence and ML, whether it's search engine, whether it's outward experiences and all. So I think we are -- we have developed a very, very strong package, talent, platform, technology, and the innovation stream is going very fast. And we believe this is like sort of the -- it's not the end, it's at the beginning, if we're going to build so much more, which is going to be very long-lasting beyond COVID and beyond 2021 and further. 
Operator: We'll go ahead and take our next question from Chris Horvers with JPMorgan. 
Christopher Horvers: Very nice quarter. A couple of questions on the margin. First, in the near term, do you expect gross margin to be down in the back half, but leverage operating margin overall on the SG&A? And secondly, as you think about the SG&A, some of what happened in this quarter, what's the right baseline that we should be building off of what would you consider sort of the one cost -- onetime cost bucket, just as we think about normal seasonality of SG&A dollars? 
Julie Whalen: Chris, this is Julie. I'll take that. So from a gross margin perspective, I think what we were really excited to see was the expansion we saw this quarter, and that's both from the fact that we had higher merchandise margins and occupancy leverage. And we have every reason to believe that that's going to continue. Certainly, there'll be higher pressure on shipping costs. But we're not obviously guiding to where the gross margin is going to be, but we're really thrilled to be able to drive that gross margin expansion even with this quarter having some pressure from the shipping costs. And certainly, SG&A has been leveraging for a while now, and we expect that to continue. We've been having some, obviously, really strong cost controls, eliminating all nonessential spends and being very thoughtful about that because there's different scenarios you can model. And we got to make sure we're ready to continue to invest in this business and take market share as we come out of this even more so. 
 But I will say Q2 is certainly some of the lowest levels we've seen. And so there -- as we move into the back half, with the holiday -- peak holiday season and things like that, we may have to spend a little bit more in advertising and a little bit more variable store payroll. So I wouldn't necessarily take our Q2 levels and model those out, but we do expect to have SG&A leverage, and we absolutely expect to have operating margin expansion. 
Operator: We'll go ahead and take our next question from Chuck Grom with Gordon Haskett. 
Charles Grom: Just a couple for me. On the spread again between net comp and demand, can you just help us think about that from a banner perspective? And I guess how that's going to impact third quarter results? Do you expect to recapture that demand comp? 
 And then on the long term guide, can you provide us some guidepost on where you think operating margins can go to? Or maybe said differently, what you think the flow-through will look like going forward? 
Laura Alber: Chuck. So sorry, we're not going to give you the guidepost you're looking for. We're not ready to do that. What was changing is to say that previously, we said we -- our op margin at 8.6% would stay there, and we drive sales. Now what we're saying is we're going to drive sales, but we're also going to drive profit ahead of the 8.6%. Okay? So that's all we're willing to say at this point. 
 In terms of by banner, that's an interesting question. So of course, because of the dynamic I talked about with furniture, the spread is larger with the furniture brands. Because Williams-Sonoma, although there is components that are to come and that our furniture is a much smaller percent, so the other brands have more higher demand comp versus net than the Sonoma banner. 
 And then let's see. Third quarter, you asked me -- what -- remind me what you asked me about third quarter? 
Charles Grom: I guess just -- I'd like to know what the quarter-to-date account is, but I know you're not going to answer that. But I guess like when do you expect -- when would you expect this to recapture that? I mean how long does it take to recapture... 
Laura Alber: Well, I remember, you ask me where the net comes. I mean it's an interesting question. If demand continues to exceed our expectations, then the inventory constraint will just be kicked down the line because you'll run out faster. So if everything stuck to where we think it's going to be, you'd see recovery in the back half, all the way into next year, by the way. But if we beat the numbers again, then you're going to be hearing me say this next time. The numbers are within what you're seeing us hit now. There is some variation here and there, but there was in the same range of what the comp is that we just share with you for Q2. I hope that helps. 
Operator: We'll go ahead and take our next question from Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. 
Seth Basham: Great quarter. My question is around SG&A. Clearly, over time, you're planning to reduce your store footprint, which will produce your occupancy costs, but also take out store labor. As it relates to store labor in the interim, would you plan to reduce that even ahead of store closures because of reduced traffic levels? 
Laura Alber: No. In fact, it might be the opposite because things get more complicated. The abating factor is that we can't have that many people in our stores. So even if the demand is there, we can only have so many people. But you should not model that store labor will leverage any further. Holiday will cause us to bring more people in because the sales are higher. 
Seth Basham: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And if I could just follow-up, if you don't mind, as it relates to SG&A, thinking about the go-forward run rate. Clearly, we're talking about levels that are higher than the second quarter. Just to reframe the question that others have asked, we're thinking about it on a year-over-year basis, would you expect SG&A to be down year-over-year in the back half of the year? 
Laura Alber: SG&A down. We expect SG&A in the back half to be down to last year's SG&A in the back half. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go ahead and take our next question from Brad Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Bradley Thomas: Congratulations from me as well. I want to ask about the dynamic of sustainability and pull forward that we're all asking of many home-related companies right now. I've been asked by investors, how many bread makers does the American need to buy? I know the belief that these trends are probably pretty sustainable. But I was hoping you could share some more data on maybe how the customer is shopping you now and what you're seeing in terms of repeat purchases and ability to cross-pollinate customers across your brands? 
Laura Alber: Yes. Our cross-brand performance has never been better. And we've been driving it. It's not a surprise. I mean we're driving it through our key rewards and our cross-brand marketing. It's interesting in the beginning. We started -- we saw the obvious bread maker trends, ice cream maker. But now the strength is broad-based. And you can just see that people are very interested in making their home more comfortable, and we are top of mind with our curated products and our trusted brands, and we're delivering it for them in a way that they can expect to get it, and we stand behind it. So there's a lot that we have going for us right now. It's very relevant to this time and a competitive advantage that will continue to drive our results. 
Operator: We'll go ahead and take our next question from Michael Lasser with UBS. 
Michael Lasser: Laura, you probably saw some of your competitors report like 80% growth at Wayfair, Target comping up 30% in the home category. Why do you think in light of those, you might have lost share in the quarter? And also, how much demand comp was realized that was coming out of 1Q into 2Q to contribute to the comp in 2Q? 
Laura Alber: Okay. I don't -- we'll have to come back to that piece. But versus competitors, I want you to look at our profit levels versus last year, first and foremost and compare to some of these other people. You can drive sales. We could drive them higher. Frankly, we didn't have the inventory to do that. And we want to have a great customer experience. We don't want any more than we have to have on back order. We know the items they're willing to wait for that don't become excessive. But if you put too much on back order, it's a bad customer experience. So we're very focused on taking share. 
 I've said before, it's not an either/or with us in Wayfair as the disruption in brick-and-mortar happens and the smaller players. There's a couple of people who are going to win, and we're one of those people, because currently, 80% has been done at retail. And that has obviously changed forever now. And so they are going to us and they're going to go to those other retailers, too. And the thing that is really the differentiator with us is that we have curated brands, you don't have to search through a ton of products. You can trust the level of quality. The products are sustainable. The value equation is fair. And those are all very important attributes to a customer. And we're able to do that because we design our own products. We make our own products. So we're giving you a great price point for what we're selling you. So it doesn't phase me to think about their growth slightly higher. 
 We also obviously -- in terms of the demand question, let me try to understand what you asked. I think you're asking, did we fill -- we're always going to fill from the other quarter, we have more of a gap than we have the benefit, right? I mean we have more demand than we can fill now, and that affected the Q3 -- the Q2 net negatively. 
Michael Lasser: Okay. Understood. Could I ask one quick one on the Williams-Sonoma concept? How much of that growth came from like consumable products? There's a lot of food that, that business sells versus devices and other items that go into the support of clicking something. 
Laura Alber: All good. 
Operator: And we'll go ahead and take our next question from Anthony Chukumba with Loop Capital Markets. 
Anthony Chukumba: Let me add my congratulations on a nice quarter as well. I guess my question is, I mean, obviously, your e-commerce penetration was -- it sounds like it was at all-time high. And it sounds like that's kind of where the business is shifting. And historically, you've been sort of like 50-50 between in-store revenues, DTC. What do you in business sort of along -- even just kind of direction, kind of a long-term kind of sustainable mix going forward? Is it more like a 60-40 e-commerce stores? Is it maybe 70-30? How do you sort of think about that? 
Laura Alber: I think the best way to think about it is how big do you think the total business could be. I mean, clearly, we're ahead of our targets with respect to e-commerce as a percent of our total. And that's where the growth is going to come from. Our results show that our digital-first platform has a lot of capacity to meet our customers' demand online. And it also depends on how many stores we close and what our landlords do with our leases in the future. But our physical stores play an important role in continuing to differentiate our offering to the customer and they are experiential, and they offer our customers the convenience of omnichannel services, too, which we haven't talked about, but that is a real benefit in getting the products closer to customer, particularly as we see the shifting battlefield. And so it's a -- we're currently at 70%. Could you say, could it go higher? Yes, but you might see better-than-expected store results through the back half as well. 
Operator: We'll go ahead and take our next question from Cristina Fernndez with Telsey Advisory Group. 
Cristina Fernandez: I'd add my congratulations for the quarter. I wanted to ask about the holiday season. How are you planning it differently this year given the cadence of events and store limits? And do you think merchandise that has worked so far will continue to drive that demand through the holiday season? 
Laura Alber: Yes. Thank you for the question. Of course, yes. We always know that getting a running start in the holiday with both customers, new customers, but also products that are selling, makes for a better season and also gives us the ability to get the inventory levels right because we can chase it. So that is all good. 
 In terms of the competitive posture and how we're playing the holiday season, I hesitate to go through that now because it is so competitive. But we're very optimistic and planning for a variety of different outcomes that could occur, as I mentioned earlier, in case we have a second wave of store closures, how will we handle that. And if we continue to beat demand in DTC, how we make sure that we get it to our customers on time. 
Operator: We'll go ahead and take our next question from Bobby Griffin with Raymond James. 
Robert Griffin: Let me add my congrats on a great quarter. Just real quickly, from a high-level perspective, Laura, do you think the pandemic has delayed any of the new product innovation or development that the industry typically has? Or is once the industry gets caught up kind of in this -- from this demand and kind of supply chain gets back to normal, will we be back on a typical product introduction cycle as we have been in the past? 
Laura Alber: We are not delayed in our product introductions. I don't know if maybe others are, but we are not. Our teams have been doing it virtually and approving samples via Zoom, and it's been pretty amazing, what they've been able to do. So no, we're not behind. In fact, we're probably -- it's an interesting point that I haven't thought of. We're probably gaining speed on others who aren't as agile. 
Operator: We'll go ahead and take our next question from Marni Shapiro with Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: It's really outstanding. Could you talk -- can you give us an update on some of your smaller brands a little bit on Mark and Graham and Rejuvenation? And just an update as well on your international businesses? I don't recall hearing an update on that. 
Laura Alber: Yes. Sure. Thank you for that question. So Rejuvenation delivered a very strong quarter, strong customer engagement, big time increase in traffic. And the stores have shown vast improvement, the AOV is up substantially. And as I said, customer growth, you can imagine with customers spending more time in the home is focused on home projects. We've seen our core categories like lighting, hardware and kitchen and bath, all drive strong quarter-to-date double-digit comps. And we saw the furniture that was impacted more greatly because of the store closures, rebound later in the quarter. And we remain really focused and bullish on this strategy, accelerating our digital growth, optimizing our marketing strategy and accelerating our contract trade strategy, which is a big part of this business. 
 Mark and Graham also had a very strong quarter despite the fact that they are not as focused on home, which is quite interesting. And they continue to pivot that merchandising strategy to areas that are the strongest and incremental categories like pet and baby are working. And we're really focused on optimizing the customer site experience there. We're updating [ it ] with the new creative overhaul, cleaner personalization experience, et cetera. 
 In terms of global, this is a good one because we did see some weakness in Q2 due to franchise orders being down, but that quickly changed directions. And now we are shaping orders. And just to reiterate, our strategy for global is franchise. It's not company-owned. As it relates to our company-owned though, Australia is doing pretty well. U.K. is under a little pressure. And we are well positioned to continue to drive e-commerce across our franchises and our company-owned. 
 The thing you didn't ask, which we did mention was B2B, which is quickly becoming a very sizable business for us and one that I think people questioned whether would stay healthy during the pandemic, and we are gaining momentum and confidence in this business with very large companies who are investing with us and our speed to market is a huge competitive advantage here. Our team is very aggressive, out hunting new deals all the time versus just waiting for them to come in, and that's a big change, frankly. And then also, people love that they can shop across brands, with a single person and have us coordinate delivery for them. So it makes it a lot easier versus going through a bunch of different purveyors. So thank you for the question, Marni. 
Operator: That does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Laura Alber for any additional or closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: Well, thank you all for joining us today. Thank you for your thoughtful questions. And we look forward to seeing you and talking to you soon at the next quarter earnings results. 
Operator: Once again, that does conclude today's conference. Thank you so much for your participation. You may now disconnect your phone lines.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-28 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day. Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Elise Wang, Vice President of Investor Relations, to discuss non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking statements. Please go ahead. 
Elise Wang: Thank you. Good afternoon. This call should be considered in conjunction with the press release that we issued earlier today. Unless indicated otherwise, our discussion today will relate to results and guidance based on certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and our explanation of why the non-GAAP financial measures may be useful are discussed in Exhibit 1 of our press release. 
 This call also contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, trends, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2020 and beyond and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company's current press release and SEC filings, including the most recent 10-K, for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call. 
 I will now turn the conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer. 
Laura Alber: Thank you, Elise. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you all for joining us. Also on the call with me today are Julie Whalen, our Chief Financial Officer; Felix Carbullido, our Chief Marketing Officer; and Yasir Anwar, our Chief Technology Officer. 
 Before we get started on our Q1 results, we hope you and your families sincerely are safe and healthy during this time, and our deep gratitude goes to all of the people who are taking care of our communities in the fight against this pandemic. I want to also thank all of our Williams-Sonoma, Inc. associates for their incredible agility, commitment and partnership in responding to this crisis. Our people are at the heart of our company, and we are inspired by how they've adapted to serve our customers in these times. 
 In the first quarter, we are proud to deliver an overall company comp growth of 2.6% despite having all of our 616 stores closed for more than half the quarter. Our teams maximized demand online, leaning into new and innovative ways to engage and serve our customers virtually, driving DTC comps over 31% in the first quarter. These results reflect our powerful digital-first platform and the relevance of our high-quality, sustainable products and superior customer service. The strategic investments that we have made over the years give us a competitive advantage in this disrupted environment that favors digital. 
 Nothing makes me prouder, though, than to have achieved our results while staying true to our company's core value of taking care of our people, customers and communities. From the onset of this pandemic, safety and pay continuation for our people have been key priorities. In mid-March, we acted swiftly to close our stores and institute work-from-home policies for our corporate employees. And we made the decision to provide pay and benefits to all of our store associates who've been regularly working more than 12 hours weekly for the entire time our stores have been closed. To support our local communities, we have donated food, personal care kits and surgical masks to health care workers on the frontline. We've also raised more than $800,000 across our brands for the relief efforts of No Kid Hungry. We take our responsibility to all of our stakeholders very seriously, and we feel fortunate to be in a position to take care of our people and our communities. 
 We are also very focused on our financial health. In addition to maximizing e-commerce, we have made aggressive cuts across the company in expenses, inventory and capital expenditures, and we'll continue to strengthen our financial position while prioritizing investments in strategic priorities. Julie will share with you in detail the actions we've taken to bolster our balance sheet. 
 As we mentioned on our last call, we entered the new fiscal year in a strong position. For the month of February through March 11, when the health crisis began to accelerate, we delivered high single-digit comp growth in line with our long-term outlook. After the outbreak escalated and the closure of our retail stores went into effect on March 17, our e-commerce business had breakout comp growth and has continued to accelerate. Total comp growth, including the impact from our closed stores, was positive across nearly all brands, with particular strength in our Pottery Barn children's business, which drove 8.5% comp, and the Williams-Sonoma brand with a comp of 5.4%. West Elm delivered a comp of 3.3%, while our emerging brands, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham, drove a combined comp of 2.4%. Pottery Barn's e-commerce demand was extremely strong and gained momentum throughout the quarter. We also reduced our level of promotions across our brands, which led to an improvement in our product margins for the quarter. Our ability to grow our business in this time speaks to the power of our multichannel platform and our organizational agility rooted in a long-standing culture of innovation. 
 To maximize demand online, we've enhanced our digital experience even further. We've expanded our services online, including Design Chat, Virtual Design Appointment and Ask the Expert, leveraging our Outward, Inc. 3D visualization technology. And we redeployed our retail associates to serve our customer in these new ways. These virtual services leverage the knowledge and expertise of our store associates for an important source of differentiation for our brands and enables them to connect with our customers and deliver superior experience online. 
 Also, a key part of our success is our omni services, including Buy Online Pickup In Store, which we launched in early 2018. We've also accelerated our speed to market in a number of digital innovations to enhance the convenience of shopping online. These innovations include improvements in product discovery, site merchandising and the search experience as well as e-mail and site personalization, and we have a faster checkout. With the pivot to digital -- excuse me, someone has their line unmuted. I'm not sure who that is, perhaps it's the operator. Sorry. Sorry, guys. I'll keep going. 
 With the pivot to digital, we've also deployed more resources to digital content creation. As consumers spend increasingly more time on social media while sheltering in place, we are leaning into this trend by publishing more user-generated content and campaigns in our social channels. We are also producing more live events to engage and interact with our customers in real time. These digital initiatives have contributed to a dramatic acceleration in our online KPIs, such as traffic, conversion and customer growth across our brands. We're particularly encouraged to see our new customer counts up substantially and previously retail-only customers shopping with us online. This gives us even more confidence in our DTC growth trajectory for the balance of the year and our ability to continue to take share. The majority of our first-time online customers are now also members of The Key, our cross-brand loyalty program. We have always understood the importance of retention in cross-brand shopping and The Key is at the center of our strategy. As an indication of the power of this program in driving incremental growth, in the second half of the quarter, online sales from existing Key members nearly doubled compared to last year, while they also maintained their pre-COVID total sales growth levels despite store closures. We've also seen shopping across our brands increase as customers realize the breadth of our offering across our portfolio and are eager to earn rewards wherever they shop with us. Our efforts to optimize our digital experience during this time could not have been realized without the ingenuity and thoughtfulness of our brand and tech teams. 
 In the Williams-Sonoma brand, we saw significant growth in nearly all merchandise categories, with particular strength in electrics, cookware, food and houseware. Our content strategy across our digital channels pivoted to relevant topics for more quality time at home, such as recipes, live demonstrations and family activities. Our online growth was driven by a change in our customer profile, which was dominated by new retail primary and cross-channel customers. We also achieved traffic and conversion rates that were similar to our peak holiday season. 
 Growth in Pottery Barn Kids and Teen also accelerated even further this quarter. As a business that's already predominantly online, we are primed to meet the surge in demand for children's home furnishing as schools and child care centers closed nationwide and parents turned to us for study and playroom solutions. We also saw continued strength in our baby business and our offering of GREENGUARD Gold certified furniture and organic cotton bedding. At a time when health and safety is more important than ever, we are focused on further amplifying our leadership in the children's home furnishings market in offering sustainable products that are safe for kids and good for the planet. 
 In West Elm, we also continue to see strong results. Furniture continued to lead our growth in the first quarter with strong demand for our expanded outdoor assortment as well as home office furniture. To meet the material acceleration in e-commerce growth, we have introduced new social engagement tools and enhanced our editorial experiences and room inspiration content in our digital channels. 
 In the Pottery Barn brand, we began the quarter with positive trends in all product divisions and channels. Despite the retail closures, we saw demand accelerate materially through the quarter in our furniture offerings in home office, outdoor, bedding and functional accessories. Our DTC-oriented growth initiative, curated marketplace and apartment assortment also continue to contribute incrementally. The quarter also benefited from our continuous optimization of our digital experience, including improvements in product discovery and site merchandising. 
 As we look to the rest of the year, we are optimistic that there are significant lifestyle changes that favor our business. However, there also remains considerable uncertainty. Some of the factors that we are modeling for include the prolonged economic impact this pandemic could have and the incremental cost of doing business in whatever form of reopening the economy takes for the rest of 2020 and the foreseeable future. As a result, we are not issuing full year guidance today. However, I would like to give you an update on second quarter to date. We continue to see robust trends in e-commerce and acceleration across all of our brands. Since May 1, we have reopened a total of 364 stores, consistent with government regulations. In these stores, we have in place strict safety protocols such as frequent sanitization, limitation on the number of customers and associates in store, shopping by appointment and a supply of masks and gloves for our associates. We're also fulfilling customer orders through curbside pickup, which has now been launched in 475 of our retail locations nationwide. Customer response has been strong so far in our reopened stores, driven by appointment-only shopping. However, with strict social distancing measures in place, customer limits will continue to constrain sales in our stores. For locations where retail restrictions have not been lifted, we will keep those stores closed through June 14 and continue to provide pay and benefits for this extended period of closure for associates who have been regularly working more than 12 hours weekly. 
 Reflecting on the longer term, this crisis has accelerated our industry shift to e-commerce and given rise to a newfound appreciation for the home. We believe that with our differentiated value proposition of high-quality, design-led sustainable products and our large e-commerce business, we are well positioned. Our resilience during this turbulent time exemplifies the advantage of our unique multi-brand, multichannel platform and our commitment to all of our stakeholders. We will continue to invest to strengthen our digital-first model, enhancing the convenience of our online channels. We also continue to prioritize the growth initiatives that we laid out at the beginning of the year, including West Elm and our cross-brand initiatives, The Key and Business to Business. We entered this crisis in a strong financial position and with clear momentum across our brands. It's moments like these that set us apart from the competition and reinforce our ability to outperform. We are confident that we will emerge from this crisis an even stronger company. 
 Thank you for your continued support. I wish you and your families the best. And now I will turn this call over to Julie for more of the financial details. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon, everyone. We delivered a solid performance in the first quarter, highlighting the strength and adaptability of our digital-first model, the agility and strong execution of our teams and the resilience of our fortress balance sheet. Most importantly, we are proud to have achieved these results while maintaining an unwavering commitment to all of our stakeholders. 
 Before I go into our financial results in more detail, I wanted to give you an update on how our team has been responding to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. While our priority is always health and safety, we are also focused on maintaining our strong financial health in order to continue to support our associates and customers during this period of heightened uncertainty. From a financial perspective, we have been preparing our business for a number of possible macro scenarios. And as part of our response strategy, we have cut all nonessential business expenses, including the elimination of almost all business travel and other discretionary spend for the foreseeable future. 
 In real estate, we have delayed store remodels and relocations and have negotiated various rent reductions with our landlords. And across the business, we have negotiated with our vendors various other expense reductions in technology, in our supply chain and in other professional services. In advertising, we are only investing in those initiatives that drive the highest returns in e-commerce traffic and conversion. And in technology, we are prioritizing business-critical projects that will allow us to further improve our competitive positioning and continue to take market share. These immediate steps we have taken have resulted in our ability to maintain strong profitability despite the incremental operating costs associated with COVID-19 and speaks to our culture of financial discipline.
 To further bolster our financial flexibility, we have also increased our liquidity position. We now have over $860 million in cash as a result of our strong performance and our decision to draw down on our existing revolver. With the support of our banking partners, we were also able to obtain an additional $0.5 billion of liquidity through the extension of our $300 million term loan to January 2022 and an additional $200 million in an unsecured 364-day revolving credit facility. We believe our current liquidity position will allow us to not only support the operations of our business during this global health crisis, but will also allow us to continue to invest in the business and emerge as an even stronger and more resilient business for the long term. 
 Now turning back to our first quarter performance. Net revenues in the first quarter were relatively in line with last year at $1.235 billion, with total comp growth of 2.6% despite the impact of closing all of our stores for more than half of the quarter. Growth was driven by both the strength in our business prior to the acceleration of the COVID-19 pandemic as well as the overall strength in our e-commerce business, which further accelerated while our stores were closed to end the quarter with a comp of 31.2%. 
 By brand, Williams-Sonoma, despite having the largest number of stores across our fleet, delivered a comp growth of 5.4%. Our Pottery Barn children's home furnishings business accelerated sequentially to a comp growth of 8.5% compared to 7.9% last quarter. West Elm drove a solid comp of 3.3%. And while Pottery Barn had a negative 1.1% comp, their e-commerce business has continued to significantly accelerate, resulting in a positive comp in the second quarter to date. 
 Moving down the income statement. Gross margin for the first quarter was 34.5% compared to 35.9% last year. The gross margin deleverage of 140 basis points was primarily driven by higher shipping costs as a result of the substantial shift to e-commerce sales in the quarter and higher furniture sales, which are more expensive to ship. 
 The year-over-year impact from incremental China tariffs and occupancy deleverage from the closure of all of our stores, along with the incremental cost to board up our stores and clean our facilities that are recorded within occupancy. Their impact on gross margin was partially offset by higher merchandise margins from less promotions in the quarter, reflecting the enduring appeal of our relevant, sustainable and design-led products. Occupancy costs in the first quarter were approximately $174.9 million or 14.2% of total revenues and relatively flat to last year at $173.4 million or 14% of total revenues. 
 SG&A leveraged 80 basis points to 28.1% of net revenues compared to 28.9% of revenues last year, driven by advertising leverage from the ongoing shift in our advertising spend from catalog to more efficient digital initiatives as well as stronger returns on our advertising investments due to the power of our multichannel model. It also reflects the positive impact of the aggressive cost reductions across the business in response to the impact of COVID-19. As previously mentioned, we acted early and quickly to maximize digital and to cut all nonessential spend to ensure that we self-fund our business and continue to support our associates, customers and communities through this difficult time. 
 From a profitability perspective, we drove operating income of $79 million with an operating margin of 6.4% compared to $87 million or 7% last year. This resulted in bottom line diluted earnings per share of $0.74. We are pleased to be able to achieve these levels of profitability while continuing to pay our associates and incurring various incremental costs to help keep our associates and customers safe during this pandemic, including providing protective gear and increased sanitation services across our operations. 
 On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with a strong cash balance of $861 million compared to $108 million last year. This includes the precautionary measures we took to boost our liquidity during the quarter with a full drawdown on our existing revolving credit facility of approximately $488 million. Excluding this drawdown, we ended the quarter with over $373 million in cash, which was over $265 million higher than last year. This reflects the strength of our cash balance as we enter 2020, along with our strong Q1 performance, resulting in positive operating cash flow of almost $54 million. In addition to funding the operations of the business, this cash balance also reflects investing $42 million in capital expenditures as well as returning over $39 million in the form of continued quarterly dividend payments to our shareholders. 
 Moving down the balance sheet. Merchandise inventories were $1.071 billion for a decrease of 7.3% compared to last year. This reflects our efforts to cut and push out our inventory purchases to preserve our liquidity in response to COVID-19 and the impact of the subsequent outperformance in our e-commerce business. 
 Now turning to our fiscal year outlook. As Laura mentioned, given the uncertainty that exists regarding the impact of this global health crisis on future economic activity and customer demand, we are not providing full year guidance today. This is not a reflection of the current trends that we are seeing in our business, which continue to accelerate, but rather the lack of visibility we have on the full economic impact of this pandemic and the wide range of outcomes this could have for our business in the balance of the year. Longer term, we believe this crisis has given rise to permanent shifts in consumer behavior that will benefit our business. E-commerce adoption has accelerated in our category, and consumers are accustomed to spending more time at home leading to a likely shift in discretionary spending to the home and home-related categories such as cooking. These trends, combined with our digital-first model and unique value proposition in the home category, give us even more confidence in our ability to drive accelerated growth and gain market share in the long term. 
 With regards to capital allocation, while our balanced approach remains unchanged over the long term, in the short term, we will continue to invest in strategic initiatives that fuel our future growth while suspending capital expenditures that are nonbusiness critical. We have also temporarily suspended stock buybacks until we have better visibility into the longer-term impact from COVID-19. But as a testament to the confidence we have in our business as well as our commitment to shareholder returns, we have announced today another quarterly cash dividend of $0.48 per share. 
 Going forward, based on the strength we continue to see in our business, we remain confident in our strategy to drive long-term accelerated growth. As a result, we are maintaining our longer-term financial outlook, with revenue growth expected to be in the mid- to high single digits and operating income growth in line with revenue growth. 
 Before I turn the call over for questions, I want to express my appreciation to our associates who have risen to the challenges presented by this unprecedented crisis and have quickly adapted to serve our customers always with a commitment to health and safety. They are a key reason behind how resilient our business and financial performance has been during these challenging times. Looking ahead, we will continue to manage our business for the long term, staying focused on our competitive strengths, investing in our strategic priorities and always keeping top of mind our stakeholders, our associates, our customers, our communities and our shareholders. Our response to this crisis has demonstrated that with our multi-brand digital-first model, the agility and dedication of our teams, a proven track record of strong financial discipline and our fortress balance sheet, we will emerge as an even stronger company once this pandemic subsides. 
 I would now like to open the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go ahead with the first question from Seth Basham of Wedbush. 
Seth Basham: Congrats on a good quarter. My question is around recent trends. In particular, how have demand comps trended relative to sales comps? And then secondly, have you faced any supply chain fulfillment challenges? 
Laura Alber: Sure. It's Laura. So demand has been stronger than that, obviously. We are very happy to see accelerating trends, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, across all of our brands. And we're adapting to how we continue to stay very relevant and sensitive during these times to what our customers are looking for and the right tone and giving them the things that are interesting to them while they're at home. The inventory and the world supply chain is a constant challenge in that a little self-inflicted. We pulled back on some receipts when this first happened because we didn't know what the outcome would be, and we thought that was the right thing to do and better to be chasing inventory than have too much. But now with our long lead times, we are going to be chasing some inventory. And so you're going to see us continue to pull back on promotions and balance that and do the right thing. But there's -- we've gone out -- our vendors are great partners. They're doing all that they can for us, but the demand trends have been quite robust, and that will be the story. We'll have some longer lead times through the back half of the year. We, of course, are pushing the products that we have more stock on, and we're seeing really strong results by doing that, by showing what's in stock. And I've seen more willing to move into this desk versus that than I ever have in the past. I think customers really want our quality sustainable products, and so they are more flexible about which one in particular right now than I've seen them in the past. We have some areas of the world that are still really struggling to open. And of course, we're supporting them as much as we can, but there's some reality to some of these areas where they're just not fully up and running. Most of it is now, but there's some pockets. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And Brian Nagel from Oppenheimer. 
Brian Nagel: So I, too, want to add my congratulations on a really nice quarter in a tough environment. 
Laura Alber: Thank you. 
Brian Nagel: So the question I have, obviously, we have the comp numbers, and there was clearly a nice acceleration in your online business as your stores closed in the second half of Q1. Then Laura, you've mentioned that a further acceleration here into Q2. Can you help us understand better just the underlying trend there in the e-commerce business? And really what that sort of, say, that exit rate was coming out of Q1? And then, you mentioned opening, I guess, 364 stores so far. I recognize it's early and there's measures in place. You're not getting as many customers into those stores. But how have -- in those markets where stores have opened, how have sales begun to transition, if at all? Or is that between online and in-store? 
Laura Alber: Yes. I don't think giving you the last 2 weeks' comps is relevant because it's so such a short window, and I wouldn't want you to read too much into it. It is significantly stronger, I'd say that. It's across all brands. So that's good. In terms of stores that are reopened and the impact on e-commerce, results, really again, they vary by location and by brand so it's a little early to draw any conclusions. But we are seeing total strength -- total demand strengthening since the pandemic started. It just continues to strengthen. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Bobby Griffin of Raymond James. Mr. Griffin, if your line is muted, please unmute yourself. 
Laura Alber: I think let's go to the next person, if you don't mind, operator. 
Operator: Sure. We'll take Peter Benedict from Baird. 
Justin Kleber: This is Justin Kleber on for Pete. Just given how successful you were at recapturing sales with all the stores closed, I mean, does that change your view of the pace of future store closings and what may be the ultimate size of the store fleet should look like in the future? 
Laura Alber: That's such a good question. For those of you who are new to our story, newer, we regularly review our store fleet. We make adjustments all the time. We have a very high bar for profitability. And as you know, we've been careful in opening new stores. But stores do continue to be an important part of our company. Customers love to experience our brands and products in person, and our talented associates are extremely helpful in making furnishing decisions with our customers. However, as you can see from our numbers, this pandemic has accelerated the shift to digital, and we have half our fleet up for renewal over the next 3 years. So we'll be looking at each lease that comes up carefully, and we will renew where landlords have partnered with us during this crisis and where the economics make sense. In terms of this year, pre-COVID, we expected to close approximately 32 stores, and we see that number being double now. In the next 3 years, as I said, 293 stores come up for renewal. And over the next 5 years, 416 come up for renewal. So we're going to be able to make a lot of decisions based on the malls, what happens, the partnership and the 4 walls that we have in each and every store. And that is, I think, a very strong position to be in. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will take our next question from Oliver Wintermantel of Evercore ISI. 
Oliver Wintermantel: Congratulations also on a good quarter in a tough time. I had a question regarding e-commerce as a percent of sales. How high was that at the end of the quarter? And then you mentioned you introduced curbside pickup and you had Buy Online Pickup In Store. What percent of e-commerce is now Buy Online Pickup In Store into new curbside? 
Julie Whalen: So as far as the percent of total revenues, it jumps from -- as you know, we've been trending about 54% of revenues for e-comm and it jumped to 71% in the first quarter. 
Laura Alber: And we haven't given our BOPIS numbers yet, so I'd prefer not to give that today. It's not a huge number. I'd just say it's probably lower than you think. It's a lot more than it used to be, and we think it'll continue to trend. As we open BOPIS and people get comfortable, particularly with our safety measures, we'll see BOPIS continue to grow. But it's a pretty small number still. 
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Cristina Fernndez of Telsey Advisory Group. 
Cristina Fernandez: Congratulations in the quarter. I wanted to ask also on some of the trends you're seeing. Do you think the stimulus money -- the government stimulus is helping your business? And can you talk about performance in urban markets that have been more impacted versus perhaps suburban and other markets where there's more loosening restrictions? 
Laura Alber: Yes. I mean, certainly, the stimulus money helps everyone. I think the question really becomes how long can they continue to support so much unemployment, which I think is a concern for all of us, particularly in retail, that there's a lot of people who haven't been able to keep paying their teams. And so that has been a good thing for the whole economy. How that affects our demographic specifically, it's harder to say. We are not seeing any specific trends, urban versus suburban. That's not really -- I keep looking at it, trying to glean something, and you'd be surprised how some of the really shut down places are doing and doing very, very well. There's still a lot of demand for our goods, at least in their homes. And we feel very fortunate to be able to fulfill those orders safely. 
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Simeon Gutman of Morgan Stanley. 
Simeon Gutman: A nice quarter. I may have missed this in prepared remarks. Maybe for Julie first. Did you quantify the absolute merch margin change or improvement? And then just as part 2, what have you done with rents and I guess, leases during the quarter in which stores were closed? 
Julie Whalen: We did not quantify the actual pure merch margin, but we did indicate that it was higher than last year, which helped with offsetting some of the higher shipping costs and the incremental impact from the China tariffs that we had within the quarter. So we're being intentionally less promotional, and it's been a big win for us within the gross margin line. 
Laura Alber: And then in terms of how we're working with our landlord partners, we have been working with them one by each to negotiate what is a fair solution during the times that our stores have been closed. And as the crisis unfolded, we expect partnership from our landlords, the rent relief, as we generated no revenues during the closures in our stores. We're very pleased to see that many of our landlords are willing to do the right thing in sharing this financial impact. And as far as how our rent payments have played out, it really depends on the landlord negotiations. And they -- a lot of the really good ones, they realize that one party alone should not bear the burden. And we very much appreciate them. I want to thank them on this call during what's been a very difficult time for all of us. And there's no doubt that this crisis has given rise to permanent shifts in the customer behavior. And as we look at future decisions regarding openings, relocations, closures of our stores, we're going to take into account how landlords have partnered with us during this crisis as well as whether the economics of the deal makes sense. Simeon, were you -- I think I answered your question, but I want to make sure that you weren't asking a different question. 
Simeon Gutman: No. No. You answered what I asked, yes. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will go ahead with Chuck Grom of Gordon Haskett. 
Charles Grom: Just a couple for me. On the SG&A line, just wondering how we should think about your advertising efficiency going forward, how big of an opportunity that could be. And then, Laura, you talked about more customer shopping across banners, utilizing The Key program. Just wondering if you could just put some numbers behind that so we can contextualize it. 
Laura Alber: Yes. I'm going to let Felix Carbullido answer that. Felix? 
Felix Carbullido: Sure. We are -- as Julie said earlier, we aggressively managed expenses throughout the organization, including our marketing spend. So that said, we still are investing where we see the greatest ROI. And that includes, as you know, we look at metrics by channel, by brand, and we adjust spend based on customer behavior. I think, while we did see leverage there, we're also incredibly pleased, as Laura said, with our new customer growth hitting an all-time high. So it's a reflection of the past 16 quarters or more than that of increasing our marketing mix towards digital, where we find the best payback. 
Laura Alber: Felix, do you want to comment about The Key? 
Felix Carbullido: Yes. I think, as Laura mentioned, The Key had some incredible results throughout the quarter. And even with stores closing, they maintained the same level of growth over LY throughout the quarter. And so another critical part of our marketing mix and the reason we can be very efficient and profitable is the number of shoppers who are purchasing across our brands. We know that's an untapped opportunity. We're just now tapping into that opportunity. The Key is at the foundation of that program. But we also have a number of events and promotions where we combined our messaging focused around a particular theme. We have our Design Crew who installs in customers with products from across our portfolio. So I think the other opportunity that we're thrilled about is to see the number of customers shopping during these times across our brands. 
Julie Whalen: And Chuck, just to answer the question about SG&A generally. I mean, certainly, we do expect to continue to see advertising efficiencies. Obviously, with these incredible cost cuts that we've done, we do expect that to continue, similar to where we've been with SG&A for a while. 
Charles Grom: Okay. And if I could just sneak one more. And you talked about the pace of business significantly stronger here so far in 2Q. Just wondering if that's been across banners. And then within PB, just anything on bigger ticket items quarter-to-date. 
Laura Alber: Yes. Sure. Yes. It is across banners. And then secondly, what was the second question? 
Julie Whalen: PB. 
Laura Alber: Big ticket. Big ticket. Yes. It's one of those categories that's been interestingly picking up. And so we're trying to judge where it's going, but it's been very strong, as I mentioned, upholstery, outdoor. Across the board, really, all of our big ticket has been incredibly strong. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And I will take our next question from Bobby Griffin of Raymond James. 
Robert Griffin: I hope you can hear me. Sorry about the issues earlier. There was a -- I don't know how to work my headset still. But congrats on a good quarter. I guess my first question I wanted to ask is when you think about the store openings, if the e-commerce demand levels you're seeing now continue at the strength that they are at, what opportunities do you have to kind of scale up slowly, maybe keep some stores dark or reduce hours or labor or whatnot just because the mix of the business would be vastly different still than full operational with store hours, assuming health and safety requirements allow all stores to open? I'm thinking more distance down the road. 
Laura Alber: Right now, we're seeing very strong results in our open stores even with appointment-only. So we have some mall areas that we scale back for different reasons here and there, and we let the stores make those decisions, but it's not to manage payroll. Remember, we're paying them anyway. So we might as well have them working, right? We've been paying them the whole time, full bill. And so it's wonderful to have them there and doing the things they're doing and really giving incredible service. It gives us time to do the sanitation really well and get -- we've been getting higher marks from our customers than ever on our service right now, which is such a proud thing to see during this time. And it's definitely -- even if we weren't paying them all, it's definitely worth having them open. I'll tell you, the stores that are doing well are phenomenal. There are a couple, as I said, that are closing. At the end of the year, there are more than a couple that are closing at the end of the year. There's a couple that we're closing early and not reopening. They were dark before the pandemic, and they were planned to close in January. Want to keep them dark. Didn't make sense to reopen those. But that's a very small population. 
Robert Griffin: Okay. That's helpful. And I guess lastly, on the B2B side of things, can you maybe give a little more detail on kind of what you're hearing from those customers and how they're approaching, I mean, coming out of the pandemic and kind of the opportunity there? It was a pretty good success story heading into this fiscal year for you guys. 
Laura Alber: Yes. So I mean, as you expect, some of our B2B industry verticals have been heavily impacted, i.e., hospitality, and our B2B sales were impacted and were down in Q1. However, we're seeing them come back now, and we're seeing the pipeline build pretty substantially. And people are using this time to get things ready and do some remodels and spruce things up so we're getting a lot of current requests. And we're also -- because we've been operating and we're able to fulfill better than a lot of our competition, we're picking up some of that volume from those who haven't been able to fulfill for whatever reason right now. So we're picking up some other people's business as well. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Lasser of UBS. 
Atul Maheswari: This is Atul Maheswari on for Michael Lasser. So given consumers have probably invested a lot in furniture and home furnishings as they sheltered at home, do you think some of the strong trends that you saw in Williams-Sonoma and PB Teens and Kids is simply demand pull forward that might not necessarily repeat going forward? And if that's the case, would you expect comps to slow even as you open more stores? 
Laura Alber: I mean, look, anything can happen. We've learned that now. You can't count on anything. I'll tell you, I don't believe that. It's not out of the realm of possibilities. I think people, when they learn how to -- they learn a new skill, they generally get pretty hooked. And cooking is one of those things. It's wonderful to learn how to cook. And often, you see people, they move from a beginner chef to someone who is a -- it's a real passion for. And so it's wonderful that people have taken the cooking more at home and enjoy doing it and have been our brands along the way learning how to cook online and joining all of our different virtual places online to both entertain, but also be educated. So I don't see that -- these things don't come and go that quickly. I think people -- they have time now to think about their homes. We're seeing even -- I mentioned the high ticket, but we're also seeing people want to do small decorating projects. I think there's going to be a continued shift for a while out of travel on some of these other areas into the home. And then I think longer term, we have a very, very strong road map and runway for growth that we had before this began, and I still believe it's very, very positive future and I'd say, even more so now that many people are spending more time in their homes. 
Operator: And we will take our next question from Marni Shapiro of Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: Congratulations on a really great quarter. And Laura, I do think more people are cooking. I made bagels. But from now on, I'd like to buy my bagels. But they were excellent. 
Laura Alber: The bagels will be raw. They're always sold out. 
Marni Shapiro: They were amazing and everybody loved them, and then they wanted me to make them again, and I was sitting there while I was working, and they're all staring at me. Anyway, I'm curious, as the stores are opening, could you just walk us through a little bit, what does the productivity look like? I was in one of your stores yesterday, a Williams-Sonoma that was open. The mall was quiet so it was a little bit harder to judge, but it does feel like retail right now is a little bit like moving through molasses. Everything is taking a lot longer even just to check out. To do anything is taking a lot longer. So I'm curious, as the stores open, even as you start to bring more people in, is it just a slower process? And then a follow-up or a sort of adjacent question is, I'm curious what products -- like what items people feel compelled to come to your stores to buy because your online experience is very rich. And so I'm curious what the items you're seeing people come in to buy versus them buying it online. 
Laura Alber: That's a really good question. I asked that question this morning, Marni. 
Marni Shapiro: I bugged your office, by the way. 
Laura Alber: Marni, our stores are -- God, that's scary. Our stores are so -- our store associates are amazing. And they are so proud to be back, and they're working with these customers. I mean I'll tell you one little short-term thing. I'll probably get in trouble for this. Yesterday, our open stores positive comp-ed. Total comp. So that is like the power of the people. And yes, you wouldn't -- it doesn't look like it, right? It looks very quiet, but those customers who are coming in, they know what they want. What they did tell me today when we talked -- and we're having another big store call tomorrow where we get to hear all their wonderful feedback and thank them more importantly. But the thing is that people coming in, they're shorter visits and they're -- but they're very focused and the conversion is extremely high. So it's exciting. Appointment-only is working for us. I think we're at a different kind of business than other stores that -- where you need a lot more traffic. I think the question really becomes what happens during those times of the year like holiday, where traffic is really relevant for everybody. And that's why we pause on getting too excited, and we want to stay careful about our expense structure and not take anything for granted, but we're seeing some phenomenal results in our open stores. 
Marni Shapiro: Are they buying across? Like are they looking -- are they coming in to buy a couch? Or is it more the bread makers and new sheets and towels? 
Laura Alber: Well, they -- I mean, the bread makers, boy, they -- that's been as you can read in any trade journal. 
Marni Shapiro: Bad example, but yes. 
Laura Alber: It's a great category for everybody. So everybody wants a bread maker. They want an ice cream machine. There's those kinds of things. And then there's not one SKU ever that pops out for us. They come in, and depending on what they're looking for, they're -- there's a lot of variation in what they're looking for. Outdoor furniture is a big one. We all know it's safer to be outside, maybe the only way you can see someone other than your own family. And so outdoor furniture has been a big win for us. 
Marni Shapiro: Fantastic. Best of luck with the summer. 
Laura Alber: They like to see things in person. So where they can go to stores for us, they're going. 
Marni Shapiro: Yes. I saw it in the mall yesterday. People are like, "COVID be damned, I'm going shopping." And people are very respectful. They're very patient when they're shopping. They will wait for somebody to finish at a display before going to the display. But they don't -- they want to be there, and every person in the mall had a shopping bag. 
Laura Alber: Yes. That's been our experience, too, that our customers are very respectful of our employees. And we hope in thanking them and it's a very proud moment. 
Operator: And we will take our next question from Jonathan Matuszewski of Jefferies. 
Jonathan Matuszewski: Nice quarter. You mentioned robust new customer growth in the DTC channel. Obviously, strong acceleration there. Can you just comment on the profile of some of the new and maybe reactivated customers who have been shopping with you over the past few weeks? How are they similar or different from your customer base pre-COVID? Any things you're noticing in terms of demographics or household income levels or anything like that would be helpful. 
Laura Alber: Sure. I'm going to actually let Felix take that question. 
Felix Carbullido: Okay. Sure. Great. Yes, I will say, for Q1 -- and I'll take the pre and post differences after. But in general, for the quarter, we are starting to see a younger customer shop at our brands. More millennials, more Gen Xers are becoming more familiar with our brands and our offerings. And our West Elm brands, our PB Apartment offering and Williams-Sonoma Open Kitchen, these are all initiatives that we put in place to capture the shift in the U.S. population, and we're definitely starting to see that. As it relates to store closures and the acceleration of customers online, they're very much similar to our core customer. We did see more Gen Xers than we usually see, which is not surprising because they're in the middle of household formation. We did see a slightly more affluent customer come towards the end of the quarter. And I think regionally, it looked like the West after closures performed a little stronger online, but not significant -- not anything dramatic. But those are some of the demographics that we saw pre and post store closures. Does that answer your question? 
Laura Alber: Yes. I'll just add to what you said, Felix. I'll just say that we're in a highly fragmented industry, underpenetrated online. We're taking market share digitally as the industry shifts online because of our marketing investments, our content-rich brand presentation, our exclusive products, high service value proposition, but also because of our sustainability and transparency that has become increasingly important to today's customer. And it's really -- you guys, you cannot underestimate what a key differentiator this is for us and why our customers choose us over our competition. And you can see it whether it's in our baby business, and across all of our brands, you can see how important this is becoming. And we are expanding our commitment to sustainably source materials in our supply chain programs, as you know, like fair trade and worker well-being. And so there's a lot of reasons why they're coming to us now, and it's very exciting to see it, but it's not that surprising when you break down the advantages that we've built over the years and why they would come to our brands versus going elsewhere. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will now take our next question from Adrienne Yih of Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: And let me add my congratulations. It's a tough environment and you're performing exceptionally well. Laura, I was intrigued by the commentary that you made about promotions. Obviously, merch margins up. And as you moved through the quarter, less and less need for the promotions. Obviously, a higher income customer coming to you. As we go into the back half, it sounds like you're going to be chasing that inventory. What specific categories, or is it broad-based, are you seeing that AUR increase? And is that something specific to Williams-Sonoma and your brands? Or are you seeing kind of a widespread kind - people need to be at home, they want to be at home, so they're just buying it regardless of what the pricing is? And then I have a quick one for Julie afterwards. 
Laura Alber: Sure. So I just -- the first thing is that our commitment to value remains one of our top priorities. So we have been busy building into our value categories, making sure that our price-design-quality relationship is stronger than the competition. We spend a lot of time working on this and making sure that we're in that winning position to begin. The differences are regular price sell-throughs are higher. We're not having as much clearance as we did previously, and we have more winners. So we've been working on SKU productivity for a while. I mean you've been hearing us talk about it and getting rid of those SKUs that aren't selling, and we've been more effective on that front than previously, and the depth of the promotions is changing. It's too early to call it a success yet because we've just started to do this and we're testing the waters very carefully. But we simply won't be able to drive as much demand as possibly is there because we won't have the inventory in the short term. So that's -- it's going to be an important thing for us to balance the promotions, drive the margin up and get them to buy those things that we do have in stock. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Okay. Very helpful. And Julie, a question about initial markup and I guess, kind of tied into that sourcing from China specifically. I know you were making great in reducing that. And then Asia, in general, freight, I assume, is going down, but then we're hearing of outbound freight coming out of Asia being more expensive. So can you help us with the kind of puts and takes on that cost of goods, the cost of product line, please? 
Julie Whalen: Sure. I mean from where we are with China perspective, we had said before that we were going to reduce by about 50% the production that we do in China by the end of this year. So we're on target to do that. And we're also not developing as many products into China. So nothing has changed from that standpoint. We have not seen higher shipping costs coming out of China. In fact, they're coming down. So from that perspective, obviously, so you have the lower shipping costs. But on the flip side, you still have the China tariffs, which I know is not the topic de jure, but it's still a significant amount that we absorbed in Q1. And so thankfully, we had the higher merchandise margins that we spoke to earlier to be able to offset that. But hopefully, that answers your questions. 
Operator: And this concludes the Q&A portion of today's call. We do sincerely apologize for today's technical difficulties. I'd like to now hand it back over to Laura Alber for closing remarks. Thank you. 
Laura Alber: Well, thank you all for joining us today, and I sincerely wish you and your families and friends the very best, and we look forward to giving you another update at the end of Q2. 
Operator: And this concludes today's call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day, everyone. Take care.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-03-18 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded.
 I would now like to turn the call over to Elise Wang, Vice President of Investor Relations, to discuss non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking statements. Please go ahead. 
Elise Wang: Thank you. Good afternoon. This call should be considered in conjunction with the press release that we issued earlier today. Unless indicated otherwise, our discussion today will relate to results and guidance based on certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and our explanation of why the non-GAAP financial measures may be useful are discussed in Exhibit 1 of our press release. 
 This call also contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, trends, growth plans and prospects of the company in fiscal year 2020 and beyond and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. 
 Please refer to the company's current press release and SEC filings, including the most recent 10-K for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call. 
 I will now turn the conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer. 
Laura Alber: Thank you, Elise, and good afternoon, everyone. Also on the call with me today are Julie Whalen, our Chief Financial Officer; Felix Carbullido, our Chief Marketing Officer; and Yasir Anwar, our Chief Technology Officer. 
 Before I discuss our financial results from 2019, I want to start by addressing the rapidly evolving and unprecedented time we are in and the actions that we are taking at Williams-Sonoma, Inc. From the day this company was started over 60 years ago, taking care of our customers and our employees has been our top priority. Over the past few weeks, all of our lives have been impacted by the spread of the coronavirus, and as the situation continues to evolve, we are following the recommendations of public health officials and government agencies to ensure that we are doing all that is possible for our employees and communities to remain protected while continuing to serve our customers in creating a comfortable and functional home as they spend more time in their homes. I'm so moved by our strong experience and agile teams who are working in new ways to accomplish this. 
 I'm sure by now you've read that our corporate associates in the San Francisco Bay Area are working from home until April 7 as mandated by the shelter-in-place order that went into effect. And across our other corporate offices and distribution centers, we are following the CDC guidelines and, of course, increased sanitation measures and cleaning frequency, and we've implemented a voluntary work-from-home option where situations allow. 
 As you know, we also made the difficult decision to temporarily close our stores in North America with a plan -- and Canada, with a plan to reopen on April 2. 
 It also goes without saying that are we extremely focused on our financial health. We believe we are in a strong position with our resilient balance sheet and strong liquidity, a flexible supply chain, a large DTC business at over 56% of total revenues and an experienced team, we're actively planning for multiple scenarios and taking aggressive action to manage our business as this situation evolve. 
 In our assumptions, we are factoring in the possibility of extended nationwide store closures. And while we haven't seen a sizable impact on our e-commerce business, and we believe that we will continue to stay strong, we are modeling near-term softness that takes into account an overall decline in consumer demand. 
 To preserve liquidity, we are suspending all capital expenditures that are non business-critical and substantially reducing our inventory, both immediately and throughout the year. We are also aggressively cutting operating expenses throughout the company. These measures will allow us to self-fund our business, support our associates and continue to serve our customers during this time of immense change and uncertainty. We are also planning flexibility, so we are ready when this pandemic passes. 
 Given the highly dynamic nature of this outbreak, we've made the decision to suspend our fiscal year guidance. We are operating in a highly unpredictable environment, which makes it difficult to accurately quantify the financial impact of the coronavirus on our fiscal year expectations at this moment. We are following the developments very closely and we will promise to update you when we have more information. The encouraging news is the supply chain disruption we saw as a result of the factory closures in China is abating, and our Asia team are resuming operations. 
 Now, I'd like to turn back to our financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2019. It is important to celebrate our strong year and holiday season, as our success demonstrates the power of our digital-first, design-led platform of strong brands and our high level of execution. We outpaced the industry with comparable brand revenue growth of 7.6% in the fourth quarter. West Elm outperformed with a comp of 13.9%; the Pottery Barn brands' resurgence continued with a combined comp of 7.1%; and the Williams-Sonoma brand returned to a growth with a comp of 3.3%. 
 The drivers of our outperformance included an expanded, more relevant product assortment, new customer acquisitions and further innovations in our customer experience across e-commerce, stores and the supply chain. Our cross-brand initiatives, business-to-business, The Key and in-home Design Crew also continue to scale and became more impactful accelerators of our growth. 
 For the full year, we achieved our goal of maximizing growth and maintaining high profitability with top line and EPS growth at the high end or above expectations and operating margin expansion. It is clear from these results that our continued evolution and innovation set us apart from the competition and that we have a winning combination. 
 I would now like to discuss our brand performance in more detail, including our longer-term growth strategies. West Elm, our biggest growth opportunity, continued to deliver standout results driven by strong execution. We ended the year with double-digit comp growth at 13.9%. Longer term, we remain hyper-focused on driving incremental growth as we make progress towards our goal of $3 billion in revenues for the brand. 
 We'll continue to execute on our proven growth strategies across 4 key axis: highlighting our design and values leadership as a competitive differentiator; expanding into product whitespace; driving brand awareness; and scaling growth opportunities across all customers, all channels, including business to business. 
 In Pottery Barn, into the fourth quarter, we delivered comp growth of 6.7%, with strength across multiple product categories. Our digital transformation and brand revitalization strategies continued to gain traction, and we had accelerated growth and new customer acquisition growth. 
 E-commerce led our performance with improving KPIs, including increases in traffic, conversion and product engagement, resulting in double-digit revenue growth. Our growth initiatives also drove our strong top line performance. The curated marketplace assortments provide our guests with more choice and our apartment assortment of smaller space solutions has converted new younger customers. 
 We're also laying the foundation with an increased assortment of contract grade furniture, contributing towards our business-to-business growth initiatives. Our Pottery Barn children's business also delivered its strongest performance in recent years, with a 7.9% comp in the fourth quarter. 
 We saw excellent results across our expanded offering of Green Gold (sic) [ GREENGUARD Gold ] certified furniture and organic cotton bedding, further solidifying our leadership in sustainable home products for kids. And our expansion across life stages and aesthetics continue to be key drivers of growth. We are confident that over the longer term, our strategies across product leadership, digital growth and customer acquisitions will continue to differentiate our children's home furnishings in the marketplace and drive accelerated growth in the brand. 
 In Williams-Sonoma, we are so proud of our results in the fourth quarter, we drove a positive comp of 3.3%, reversing the trend of the first 3 quarters. We saw particular strength in electrics, cutlery tools and food, and our Williams-Sonoma branded and exclusive products continue to resonate with customers will remain a key growth initiative in the years ahead. 
 We are encouraged the execution against our transformation plan, including the introduction of new content-rich experiences online as well as further reductions in inventory levels and low-volume SKUs drive profitable sales growth. 
 Our focus has been on implementing changes in the brand that drive profitability, such as inventory optimization, expense management and evolution of our real estate strategy. We're also focused on relevant, inspiring content-driven experiences. Our emerging brands, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham ended the year with another quarter, also, of double-digit comp growth as they continue to scale and attract new customers. 
 In our global business, we continue to see strength in our company-owned Canada e-commerce and U.K. operations. In addition to the success of our individual brands, our cross-brand programs also continue to scale. We ended the year with over 9 million customers enrolled in our cross-brand loyalty program, The Key, while our complementary design service, Design Crew continued to be a significant revenue driver, representing approximately half of our sales in our stores. 
 Together with our increasing efficiency in our digital advertising spend, we drove double-digit growth in e-commerce traffic, revenues and new customers for the fourth quarter. And for the year, our e-commerce revenues reached in the -- all-time high at more than 56% of annual revenues. This reflects our ability to innovate, adapt and lead in a retail landscape that's increasingly digitally-led. 
 Our business-to-business division also delivered another quarter of accelerating double-digit growth. In 2019, we had several key wins that established an important foundation for our future growth and show the appeal of our differentiated value proposition to corporate clients. Looking ahead, we'll continue to work towards realizing a $2 billion revenue opportunity we see in the B2B market. 
 Critical to the success of our growth initiatives is our continued focus on delivering a best-in-class experience for our customers. In the fourth quarter, we improved our digital experience with more storytelling and selling content on our product information pages and further optimization of our site navigation. Also in the quarter, we implemented more functional improvements to our Outward-powered Design Crew Room Planner, as we continue to see strong correlation between Room Planner usage and sales. 
 Looking ahead, we will continue to push forward a growth-focused technology portfolio that further differentiates us in the market. Our data and experimentation platform will enable us to be more agile in identifying and executing opportunities. And our fast maturing machine learning capabilities will drive hyper optimization and automation for our business. 
 In the supply chain, we drove more operational improvements, which contributed to another year of strong profitable growth and very importantly, better customer service. Within our in-home furniture delivery network, we made important strides in increasing customer visibility, which led to another year of improvement in our home delivery service rating to an average of 4.86 out of 5 stars. In the years ahead, we will continue to find opportunities across the supply chain to reduce costs and further improve the customer experience. 
 And now I'd like to update you on our sustainability initiatives, which are more important now than ever. During the past year, we're proud to be recognized for the third year running as one of Barron's 100 Most Sustainable Companies. We also made important progress in our social impact supply chain programs across our brands. 
 In the fourth quarter, we launched a new Fair Trade Certified factory, bringing our total to 16 factories and expanded our worker well-being programs offering vision screening and glasses for factory workers in Vietnam. 
 And Pottery Barn Kids became our third brand to launch products with the Nest Seal Ethical Handcraft. We will continue to build sustainability into every corner of our company so our continued financial success will enhance the lives of our many stakeholders, the communities where we have a business presence and the natural environment upon which we all rely. 
 In closing, I would like to thank our associates for all their hard work and for their continued commitment to serving our customers as we navigate the challenging year ahead. Times like these remind us that community comes first. As our lives change in remarkable ways, we are focused on maintaining the financial health of our business to support our associates, customers and communities during this unprecedented time. For now, we hope you and your families stay safe and healthy, and we'll keep you updated as we know more. 
 I'd now like to pass the call over to Julie Whalen. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon, everyone. I want to start by discussing what our team is doing to navigate the challenges in the wake of the coronavirus outbreak. As Laura said, we are making changes to the way we operate to ensure that we maintain our strong financial health to continue to support our associates and customers during this time of heightened uncertainty. 
 We are preparing all aspects of our business for a number of macro scenarios. We are cutting all nonessential operating expenses, for example, in advertising, we are focusing only on high ROI initiatives that drive e-commerce traffic and conversion. In technology, we are prioritizing business-critical projects and deferring all other spend in the short term. And in real estate, we are delaying store remodels and relocations and working with our landlord partners to reduce rents and other expenses. 
 We have also eliminated all business travel and other discretionary spend for the foreseeable future. To preserve our strong liquidity, we are working with our vendor partners to substantially cut and push out our inventory purchases on the year. We are also suspending all capital expenditures that are non business-critical in the short term, with our current plan being to cut our CapEx by approximately half of what it was last year. 
 During this time of increasing volatility, it is hard to overstate the importance of our strong cash position, resilient balance sheet and proven cost discipline. With over $430 million in cash at year-end on our balance sheet and our $500 million line of credit, we believe we are in a strong position to address the short-term challenges ahead. At the same time, our financial strength and flexibility enable us to opportunistically invest during a market recovery and emerge as a stronger and more resilient business, just like we did in 2009. 
 Although we are faced with short-term challenges, we believe that with our e-commerce-led business, that's more than 56% of total revenues, and our strong value proposition in the home furnishings category, we will continue to outperform in the longer term. 
 Now, turning back to our performance last year. 2019 was an outstanding year for our company. We ended the year on a high note as our growth strategies and strong execution, combined with our multi-brand, digital-first model, continued to drive our outperformance over the holiday season. For the full year, our results were at or above expectation, with strong top line growth, operating margin expansion and EPS growth above the high end of our guidance range. 
 Before reviewing our fiscal year 2019 results in more detail, I would like to remind you that our fiscal 2018 results included the financial impact of a 53rd week, which we estimated last year, added approximately $85 million in net revenues and approximately $0.10 in earnings per share for the fourth quarter and the year. 
 For the fourth quarter, we generated net revenues of $1.844 billion and accelerated comparable brand revenue growth of 7.6%, our highest comp since 2014, driven by strong positive comp growth across all brands and strength in e-commerce, which grew double digits and reached a record high of over 57% of total revenues during the quarter. 
 By brand, we saw another quarter of breakout performance in the West Elm brand with a comp of 13.9% on top of 11.1% last year. The Pottery Barn brands continued to gain momentum, accelerating significantly from last quarter with both Pottery Barn and the Kids and Teen businesses close to doubling their comp growth at 6.7% and 7.9%, respectively. We were also encouraged to see the Williams-Sonoma brand returned to growth in their biggest quarter of the year with a comp of 3.3%, and our emerging brands, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham, combined, drove another quarter of double-digit comp growth. 
 Gross margin for the fourth quarter was 37.6% compared to 38.7% last year. The gross margin deleverage of 110 basis points was primarily driven by lower year-over-year occupancy leverage of approximately 60 basis points, resulting from 1 less week of sales this year. Occupancy costs were essentially flat to last year at $181 million and 9.8% of revenues. Excluding this occupancy impact, the remaining deleverage is due to selling margins, which were impacted by higher shipping costs from a greater mix of furniture and dropship sales that are more expensive to ship as well as the impact from the incremental list for China tariffs in the fourth quarter. 
 We were, however, pleased to see that as a result of higher merchandise margins this quarter, we were able to hold year-over-year selling margin deleverage essentially flat to the third quarter despite absorbing incremental China tariffs. We also saw another quarter of strong SG&A leverage despite the impact from 1 less week of sales this year. SG&A leveraged 80 basis points to 26.1% of net revenues compared to 26.9% of revenues last year, primarily driven by employment and advertising leverage from higher sales and our continued cost savings initiatives across the business as well as our overall expense discipline. 
 We saw lower employment costs primarily as a result of the reduction in force earlier this year as well as from other employment-related cost savings. We have also continued to shift our advertising spend from catalogs to more efficient digital advertising, which led to another quarter of advertising leverage. This resulted in an operating margin of 11.6% and diluted earnings per share of $2.13. 
 On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with a cash balance of $432 million versus $339 million last year. We generated $517 million in operating cash flow during the fourth quarter, which we utilized to invest $65 million in the business, and to return capital to shareholders in the amount of $74 million through share repurchases of approximately $36 million and dividend payments of approximately $38 million. 
 Moving down the balance sheet. Merchandise inventories were $1.101 billion for a decrease of over 2% compared to last year. This reflects the ongoing success of our inventory initiatives, which include the expansion of our omni-channel inventory fulfillment capabilities, more in-time frequent flow of inventory from our overseas vendors as well as the continued shift of our business to more dropship and made-to-order inventory. As a result of these initiatives, our backorder crate rates at inventory turns also reached the best levels we've ever seen. 
 Now, moving on to some of our financial accomplishments for the full year. We delivered net revenues of almost $6 billion, driven by comparable brand revenue growth of 6%, which was a significant acceleration on last year's growth of 3.7% and our highest comp since 2014. As a digital-led company, our e-commerce revenues reached another all-time high at 56.2% of total revenues, with growth accelerating 300 basis points to a 10.2% comp for the year. 
 Retail comp performance was also positive and accelerated over last year despite an approximate 500 basis point decline in national retail traffic. By brand, we drove another year of positive comps across all brands, led by a significant acceleration in the West Elm and Pottery Barn businesses. 
 West Elm, our biggest growth initiative, continued its strong momentum, driving its 10th consecutive year of double-digit revenue growth, while comp growth accelerated nearly 500 basis points to 14.4%, the highest comp for the brand in several years. 
 Pottery Barn delivered a comp of 4.1%, which is more than 3x higher than their comp last year and their highest comp since 2014. The Pottery Barn children's business accelerated 170 basis points from last year, with a comp of 4.5%. 
 Our brand transformation initiatives in the Williams-Sonoma brand are gaining traction, driving a positive comp of 0.4% for the year despite negative comps for the brand in the first 3 quarters. And our emerging brands, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham combined delivered another year of double-digit growth. 
 Our global business grew 5.4% to over $365 million, driven by a double-digit increase in our franchise operations and strength in our Canadian e-commerce business and company-owned U.K. operations. This strong top line performance, along with the operational efficiencies we drove across the business all year, enabled us to generate operating income of over $500 million and operating margin expansion to 8.6% from 8.5% last year. 
 As a result, our earnings per share outperformed the high end of our fiscal year guidance at $4.84, growing 8.5% or over 11%, excluding the $0.10 impact from the 53rd week last year. Furthermore, we are pleased to be able to increase our return on invested capital to 22.4%, which continues to be significantly above the industry average. We also delivered another year of robust operating cash flow of $607 million, which allowed us to provide strong returns to shareholders of approximately $300 million, including $151 million in dividends and $149 million in share repurchases. 
 Moving on to our fiscal year 2020 outlook. Given our outperformance in 2019 and our strong start to 2020, whereby prior to the escalation of the coronavirus for March 11 onwards, we were generating high single-digit comps, including February at 9.7%. We had planned to provide guidance in line with our long-term outlook. Unfortunately, given the unpredictable effects of the coronavirus on consumer behavior and economic activity in general, we have made the decision to temporarily suspend our full year guidance. We believe this is the prudent thing to do given the duration of the outbreak remains largely unknown. 
 Longer term, based on our strong performance throughout 2019 and at the beginning of this year, we remain confident in our strategies to drive long-term accelerated growth. Therefore, we are maintaining our longer-term financial outlook with revenue growth expected to be in the mid to high single digits and operating income growth in line with revenue growth. 
 Before I turn the call over for questions, I want to thank our associates for their drive, their commitment and their hard work. We are proud of what we've accomplished and the powerful platform that we have built to drive our future growth. As we look ahead, we are confident that with our multi-brand digital-first model, generating more than 56% in e-commerce revenues, our strong operating cash flow and resilient balance sheet and a proven track record of strong financial discipline, we have a strong platform to address the challenges from the coronavirus outbreak in the short-term and to deliver upon our long-term growth road map. 
 I would now like to open the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Adrienne Yih from Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: And let me say, great performance in the fourth quarter. The momentum has been tremendous coming into this year. Laura, my question is on the e-commerce versus the store channel. So 56% is in e-commerce and you talk about not yet seeing any impact to that. Does that include sort of -- I know in the past sort of 5 to 10 days when people have started to actually see demand impact in the impacted regions, if you can talk about that regionally? 
 And then Julie, very quickly, would you be able to give us any color on sort of the merchandise margin flow-through of perhaps the lost sales? And the way I'm taking a look at it as we looked at your rent occupancy depreciation as reported in your 10-K that was about 12%. So I just want to make sure we have that correct. That's total rent occupancy and depreciation and then sort of adding that back to your gross margin. So we're getting to about 50% for merch margins. Just wondering if we're in the ballpark. 
Laura Alber: Thanks, Adrienne. So let me clarify my comment about e-commerce. So we had a great Q4 and then February was just strong. And pre corona comp was what, 9.6%, Julie? I mean... 
Julie Whalen: It was, 9.7%. 
Laura Alber: Yes, 9.7%. So when you look at it post corona, it came down, but it's still mid-single-digits positive. And I'm sure that the teams have the information by market, but it's -- regardless of how you slice it, it's holding up. And there's been some categories people have wondered about our type of business in times like this. And we're selling stuff for people's homes. Our food business, obviously, is way up, our cleaning business, our baby business. And it's, I think, much more resilient than other types of industries, and we happen to have a lot online. 
 So it's not -- who knows what's going to happen in terms of where that consumer demand goes, but I think we're in a pretty good position with a channel split that we have and also the categories of business that we're in. 
Julie Whalen: And then from a -- to answer your question on the merchandise margins, yes, that's the right way to look at it, take out the occupancy cost, which does include rents and depreciation and all of those costs you list. Then you get to the selling margin, which we've talked about in the past. But one thing I would caveat there, however, is the selling margin includes shipping costs. So you have to come up -- we have not disclosed our actual shipping cost amount, but that would be the one assumption you'd have to pull out which would get you to a higher merch margin. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Chuck Grom with Gordon Haskett. 
Charles Grom: Just a follow-up on the P&L geography. Just can you remind us how much of your SG&A cost structure is fixed versus variable? 
Julie Whalen: I don't think we've given that in the past. Obviously, you could probably take a look at the trajectory in the fourth quarter when we have a lot more of the variable costs come into play and come up with an assumption on that. But certainly, there's the labor associated with retail sales, there's the advertising dollars that are variable. And so those are probably the biggest buckets that I would say. 
Laura Alber: Just make sure, though, is that the assumption that we're going to have retail payroll, even if we don't have retail sales. So it's not -- you can't look at you can't use everything in the past as a proxy for that. And we haven't made any decisions past the 2 weeks of what we're going to do. But just -- you can think about that -- and what -- in different models based on extended closure. That's what we're doing. 
Charles Grom: Okay. And just to clarify, you said February was up 9.6%, but to date, you're running up mid-single digits, and that includes both your store business and online? 
Laura Alber: I said -- no, no, no, I didn't say. I said that for e-commerce -- so total comp with stores and e-commerce was 9.7%. And then what I said is e-commerce post corona has been strong and in the mid-single digits. 
Julie Whalen: And in my remarks, I said high single digits pre March 11. 
Laura Alber: We normally don't give all that detail. But we figured we'll give it to you because it's real, and I think it helps eliminate what's going on with our business at least. 
Charles Grom: No, your business is very solid. So I was just coming over from 5 below. So I'm a little bit late. And then just, Laura, just stepping back, I mean, you've been at the company for a long time. I mean, when you take a step back and think about the consumer's ability to recover from here, how are you thinking about it? How quickly do you think the consumer will come back? Or do you think the damage is going to take some time here? Just curious, when you think about 9/11, when you think about '08, how do you think about today? 
Julie Whalen: So I mean, ask me next hour, I might have a different opinion. So therefore, we're running multiple scenarios. So we have scenario one, which was what our budget was going to be, what our guidance was going to be, in that beautiful scenario. That's unlikely now, but that would be full recovery. And the question then becomes, when does that happen? Does it happen this year, next year? Then you look at a very severe short-term scenario, and then you can make a decision about that recovery after that. And then you look at prolonged recession. And so we're looking at all of them. We're cutting the cost to the most serious scenario immediately, so that we can be ready for the worst and then have the flexibility if things are better. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Kate McShane with Goldman Sachs. 
Katharine McShane: I just was curious if you could give any more insight into the supply chain. If you knew how much was disrupted when the virus was more prevalent in that area of the world? What you are still seeing? And how much of an impact do you think it has to your inventory in Q1 and maybe into Q2? 
Laura Alber: Yes. It's amazing, I think, how quickly they recovered. The teams were very focused. They had worked out, worked from home very quickly. And we're very committed to our business, and we're seeing almost regular operations there now. We had a couple of weeks of delayed products. And at one point, it was really scary about how long the delay would happen and how would it affect back-to-school. But a lot of that has abated now. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Peter Benedict with Baird. 
Peter Benedict: Good to hear business great in 4Q and holding up reasonably well here. As you are starting to see some of the slowing, any concentration regionally or by brand or product category to the extent that you're seeing this start to set in? What kind of color can you give us on where it's showing up? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. So I think we're still early days. Remember, we just closed all of our stores. So one thing you can bet is we have no store sales. So that's real. We are going to -- where the stores where people can operate, we're going to do some service to our customers because they may have to pick something up in-store that was already previously shipped. So we want to be careful. We're going to do that in a very sanitary way to keep everyone safe, but that is something that we're going to provide through this time because people need things in our stores, and so we can get them out in some areas right now. So that's the biggest impact. 
 Everything else, what I would tell you today could change tomorrow. So I'd say that and it's been moving so quickly. I could -- if I had told you what happened 2 days ago, it might not be the same for what happened yesterday. But there are some categories that are extremely strong. The ones I mentioned earlier are -- I'm hesitant to go much further with details just because of competition. So I hope you can respect that, but we are seeing some very interesting trends, and they're not surprising trends, when you think about what's going on there -- it's relevant stuff. People are -- they're eating at home. So they're going to be thinking about that space and how to have that be as pleasurable as possible during these times. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer. 
Brian Nagel: First of all, I'd like to congratulate -- add my congratulations. Great last year, great start to this year. So congrats, nice job. The question I have, as we look at this period now with the store closures -- the stores closed and not knowing really how long it could last, maybe a 2-part question. How much -- if you look at the capacity or maybe operations of your online business, which are obviously very powerful, how much could that flex up to sort of say, offset what are likely to be very weak sales in stores? And then the second part is to what extent could you shift your marketing just to almost advertise to consumers that this new, hopefully very temporary, the new operating structure of your company, which is much more online focused? 
Laura Alber: Yes, sure. So the stores are closed, right? So I just want to make sure, when you're modeling that they're closed, you can make assumptions based on your crystal ball and when they'll open. And that's what we've done. We've done a few scenarios there. And so, of course, online is really important, and it's our key channel, and I'm going to let Felix, who's actually on the call, answer the marketing question. 
Felix Carbullido: Sure. So to your question, as Laura mentioned, we are aggressively cutting nonessential expenses throughout the company, including a number of marketing line items. That said, some are more obvious than others. That said, we are still continuing to invest in our D2C business, where we see strong results. 
 How flexible are we? As a reminder, over the past few years, we've built our own in-house advertising team, which allows us to react quickly to changing dynamics in the market and consumer behavior and even during these times. So we feel very confident of cutting back where we understand, it's not business-critical and for investing where we see an efficient ROI. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Lasser with UBS. 
Michael Lasser: First for Laura. What signposts are you going to be looking for to reopen your stores? And second for Julie, it looks like in 2008, you experienced about a 45% decremental margin on the comp declines that you experienced. Should we be using a similar run rate for decremental margins as we model your business this year? 
Laura Alber: Signpost to reopen. I think the obvious ones, are we -- how do we feel about the safety in running stores and how do our people feel? What are the malls doing? You just saw that Simon announced mall closures today. So it's also not totally in our control. It also could be that the government makes the decision. So this -- it is my opinion, but I think a lot of this is out of our control. 
Julie Whalen: And I think for modeling and obviously, this is a difficult time to do models. This is not necessarily exactly like '08 and '09. We have a situation, obviously, where we've got closed stores here, which is relatively unique. However, we also have a situation. We've got strong e-commerce, and we're much bigger on the e-commerce side. And you've got people that are staying at home. So again, there could be many different scenarios that come out. I wouldn't simply model what '08 and '09 had from a flow-through perspective. 
Michael Lasser: So are you saying it should be better or worse than that? 
Julie Whalen: I mean... 
Laura Alber: We're not -- that's exactly why we're not giving guidance at this time. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Curtis Nagle with Bank of America. 
Curtis Nagle: Just a quick first one, I guess, on capital. So you're cutting the CapEx a little bit, at least for the time being or, I guess, by half, which makes sense. Have you made any decisions on the buyback? Would that be suspended or perhaps pulled back? 
Julie Whalen: At this time, we're continually monitoring the situation to determine our best use of cash. Obviously, in light of the increasing uncertainty from the coronavirus, our priority in the short-term is to maintain our strong liquidity for the needs of our business operations. However, given the significant dislocation of our stock price relative to our outperformance pre-coronavirus, and our expected accelerated long-term growth outlook of our business, we are prepared to opportunistically buy back our shares under our remaining $575 million share repurchase authorization, when appropriate and when we have more certainty. 
Curtis Nagle: All right. That makes sense. And then just a quick one on the business. Specifically looking at the Sonoma brand, we saw a really nice turn in the business, and 4Q seemed to happen fairly quick just looking the past few quarters. I know you guys have had a bunch of initiatives kind of in place to reaccelerate the business. But could you maybe parse a little bit more what drove that? Was it predominantly, again, internal measures? Was it fallback in competition, strong gifting season, anything you could point to? 
Laura Alber: Yes, I think we really -- the big difference is we really clarified our messaging and focused on few or more important things and improved our content stories and made them very relevant for the holiday season. I think we had a strong lineup of exclusive products this holiday season and people respond well to strong merchandising. So they also had a nice start to the year. And although they have a larger percent in-store than online than the other brands, we expect to see resilience in Sonoma. We saw a lot of resilience in Sonoma in '08. So it's an interesting dynamic for that brand as well. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Marni Shapiro with Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: Congratulations. It was an outstanding holiday and a really strong start to spring, and glad to hear about the people eating at home and hopefully, then they're going to bed and making babies, and will buy Pottery Barn Kids stuff in the future. 
 Could you talk a little bit about -- I know it's hard to think about store openings and closings for next year, but the landlords seem to be very, I would say, understanding at the moment is the best word. There seems to be a lot of leverage here. And could you remind us what percentage of your stores are in malls? And what your plan is for openings and closings next year as of today? 
Laura Alber: Yes. I do think in this time of heightened uncertainty, it's important for us to work together with our business partners and we're fortunate. We have a portfolio of very high-quality brands and the landlords, I think they realize that not one person can shoulder the burden of this. And so we'll be looking and working aggressively with them to mitigate this retail store closure. Because we will be back. And we're in great malls, and we have great stores. I'd say that we are delaying remodels as much we can, and we are also delaying our relocations so that we are also not doing that right now. 
Marni Shapiro: Were there any stores that were on -- that were scheduled to open, say, in the first quarter that you're still moving ahead with during the second quarter because they're pretty complete? Or are all openings and closures for the year kind of on hold for now? 
Laura Alber: There are some that are almost done. They're not opening, but they're complete. And then we're moving out as much as we can, say the least, dynamic situation. 
Marni Shapiro: Yes, say the least. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jonathan Matuszewski with Jefferies. 
Jonathan Matuszewski: Nice quarter. Appreciate the color on the February performance. I imagine traffic was the primary driver of the comp slowdown, probably for the first few weeks of March, but any color in terms of average ticket or units per transaction or anything like that? Basically trying to get a sense of whether the slowdown for when the stores were open, was traffic driven or maybe basket related with the consumer uncertainty? 
Laura Alber: Yes, sure. So pre-corona, everything was strong, right? So I'm talking about when the outbreak really became clearly a crisis, which is about 3/11, to some extent, and then you have the store closure that happened after that. We saw pretty serious reductions in store traffic. But in talking to other retailers, our total sales were still -- there's a lot of value there, there was a lot more than you would expect. It certainly wasn't positive or even close, but it wasn't nothing either. That's why it was such a hard decision to close because we were holding up pretty well. 
Jonathan Matuszewski: Got you. Helpful. And then just on the B2B business, that's been a nice contribution to comps recently. Just update us on kind of your outreach efforts. And kind of how that may be impacted in an environment with some of those channels experiencing struggles in terms of hospitality or sporting venues and things like that? Just any update there would be helpful. 
Laura Alber: People are still proceeding with projects, and we have a lot of things in the pipeline, haven't heard much displacement there yet. I mean, new quote requests are actually way up. And we're actively staying connected. But if you look at the last recession actually, the impact on the B2B market was minimal. It was down less than 1% over 2008 to 2010 because some of their businesses, they have their needs. The needs remain to buy furniture and we have an aggressive plan to adapt and continue to accelerate growth and gain market share in this market. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Seth Basham with Wedbush. 
Seth Basham: The question is around your ability to cut costs. You talked about planning to cut a lot of costs, but if you could provide a little bit more clarity, that would be helpful. First of all, in terms of your retail employees. I think I understood that you're paying them for these 2 weeks and you haven't decided what to do thereafter if your stores closed. And secondly, if you look at the rest of your major SG&A buckets beyond advertising, how much cost do you think you can take out near term? 
Laura Alber: Sure. I'm going to pass the plan over to Yasir Anwar to talk about how he's approaching our tech spend. 
Yasir Anwar: So I think the good news is that we have been -- proactively, we had some time to be able to plan some scenarios for our capital and expense reduction across the technology works throughout the company. And as an immediate step, we are aggressively reducing all the capital and expense, which is nonessential. And focusing on our customers, on primarily e-commerce websites, care centers, supply chain, to keep the things flowing and the business running. 
 And at the same time, we are going to be balancing. So that when we come out of this scenario and the community is back up, we are going back to our gear of growth. So that's the plan -- technology is doing. We have created a very agile project and financial model to be able to respond by week, by month as needed to be able to work with our flexible workforce we have in technology. 
Laura Alber: Thank you, Yasir. In terms of other areas, I think we've talked about the ad costs already. We talked about our real estate approach. The other area is inventory. And while that's capital, you have to receive it when you have to spend money on that, when you bring it in and put it away. And we're working with our vendor partners to delay a lot of the shipments that haven't left yet. So we could have a little break and have the appropriate amount for the sales demand that we think we'll see. We're making good progress there. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Oliver Wintermantel with Evercore ISI. 
Oliver Wintermantel: Just a question regarding the fourth quarter again. If you could maybe give us the comp trends throughout the quarter, if it accelerated into the holidays? 
 And then secondly, on your Buy Online Pickup In Store or buy online ship from store, where are we in that rollout? And how has that impacted now that the stores are closed? Is that completely going away? Or do you still ship from some of the stores or people can pick it up? 
Laura Alber: As far as the comp trends, they're actually pretty strong for every month during the quarter. So it was a really, really strong Q4 for us. And then in terms of BOPUS, we're still working this out. We made the decision very recently, but our intention is to keep this running for as long as we can, the BOPUS, Buy Online Pickup In Store, unless there's regulations that you can't operate. It'll be picked up, as you would imagine, outside curbside. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Steven Forbes with Guggenheim Securities. 
Steven Forbes: I wanted to revisit a prior question, right, regarding the potential sales transfer between the channels, you think about stores, the e-commerce during the next couple of weeks. So I think we spoke about it in the past, but can you remind us what the sales transfer has been when you permanently closed a location in the past in a particular region? And whether that's sort of a good baseline expectation for us, right, as we begin to conceptualize and model out this year? 
Laura Alber: So I think that -- I'll give you the information in the past, which is not much transversed, but I don't know that that's as relevant now because it's a totally different situation. So we'll see if we become the best option to buy those products and there's no other store online. I mean, there's no other store to go to. The difference was, there was probably a store in the market, another store you could go to. And then there's convenience play of stores. But if all stores are closed, it totally changes the game. 
 So we'll see how well the consumer holds up. I mean, my guess is we're going to get a lot of market share out of this, because of our strong e-commerce platform and our brands and our cross-brand work and the relationship we have with our customers. I think it's times like these where a lot of loyalty is built and people remember how you treated them during tough times. And that's what we're really focused on. 
Operator: That concludes today's question and answer session. 
Laura Alber: Well, thank you. I appreciate the good questions and your support and your care. And I really wish you the best with your families and your communities to stay healthy and strong, and strong for everybody around you. We know these are very difficult times, and I promise you we'll get through this. And we will come out the other side learning a lot of things about how to run the business even better than before. Thank you. 
Operator: That concludes today's presentation. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-21 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to today's Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I'd like to remind everyone this call is being recorded. And I'd now like to turn the floor over to Brian Yee, Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance and Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir. 
Brian Yee;Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance and Treasurer: Thank you. Good afternoon. This call should be considered in conjunction with the press release that we issued earlier today. Unless indicated otherwise, our discussion today will relate to results and guidance based on certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and our explanation of why the non-GAAP financial measures may be useful are discussed in Exhibit 1 of our press release. This call also contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which addresses the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, trends, guidance, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2019 and beyond and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company's current press release and SEC filings, including the most recent 10-K for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call. 
 I will now turn the conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer. 
Laura Alber: Thank you, Brian, and good afternoon, everyone. Also on the call with me today are Julie Whalen, our Chief Financial Officer; Felix Carbullido, our Chief Marketing Officer; and Yasir Anwar, our Chief Technology Officer. Q3 marks another quarter of strong performance. Comparable revenues accelerated to 5.5%, operating margins held flat to last year despite increased tariff headwinds and EPS grew 7.4%. Our results and continued success relative to the industry reflects that our strong value proposition of high-quality, design-led, sustainable products is resonating with our customers. 
 In a fragmented home furnishings industry, it is hard to overstate how important it has been for us to continually evolve to stay ahead of the pack, remained at the forefront of driving profitable growth. 
 Importantly, our digital-first model is a key component of our success. While we continue to innovate the experience in our stores, our revenue growth was led by e-commerce at 9%, reaching almost 57% of revenues. Highlights from the brands include West Elm, which led our performance with a 14.1% comp on top of an 8.3% comp last year. We've also had -- continued the resurgence of growth across our Pottery Barn brands. We also had double-digit increases in our emerging brands, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham. And despite a negative comp, we improved profitability in the Williams-Sonoma brand. Key to driving results across all our businesses is our increased focus on leveraging the strength of our portfolio through cross-brand initiatives, like our growing Business-to-Business division, our loyalty program and our in-home design services. 
 We are optimistic about the future and excited to serve and inspire our customers with outstanding service and products that will build a deeper connection to our brands. 
 Before I discuss our third quarter performance by brand, I'd like to talk about the effectiveness of our efforts to mitigate the tariff impact. Despite the impact nearly doubling quarter-to-quarter, we saw sequential improvement in gross margin deleverage from Q2. This is a result of the hard work of all of our teams. We've been moving production out of China, renegotiating product costs with our Chinese vendors and we have successfully taken selective price increases. In addition, we've been reducing the level of promotions. And as a result, we feel confident in our strategies implemented to offset cost pressures and to deliver profitable growth. I'm now going to talk about our brands. West Elm standout results again this quarter were powered by our strong growth strategies and effective execution. With comp growth accelerating to 14.1% this quarter, we saw broad strength across all product categories and channels. This growth was led by furniture, with particular success in new product introductions, including made-to-order upholstery, complemented by categories key to customer acquisition which include decorative accessories and textiles. E-commerce growth accelerated for another quarter, as our ongoing digital innovation drove customer acquisition and improved traffic and conversion. Retail also accelerated due to our differentiated design services, and our new West Elm stores continue to perform above expectations. 
 At West Elm, our ongoing commitment to sustainability is embedded in our products and business, fulfilling our mission to design with impact. We have continued our commitment to artisans as 20% of our assortment is handcrafted. We are excited to lead our brands and Fair Trade Factory Certification, exceeding our company goal to deliver $3 million in Fair Trade premiums to workers by 2020, a year ahead of schedule. 
 We're on track to surpass our commitment to responsibly source wood through a wide assortment of FSC-certified furniture, and we are meeting customer demand for organic goods by fully converting our bedding and bath assortment to be GOTS or OCS certified. Looking to Q4, our holiday assortments in West Elm are off to a strong start, and increased seasonal assortment is driving incremental growth. 
 Looking further ahead, we are hyper-focused on executing our key growth strategies, including highlighting our design and valued leadership, expanding in the product white space, driving brand awareness and new customer acquisition, and growing across all channels to reach our goal of $3 billion in revenues for this brand. 
 The Pottery Barn brands also maintained their strong momentum from last quarter, delivering comp growth of 3.4% in Pottery Barn and 4% in Pottery Barn Kids and Teens. There is much to celebrate in the Pottery Barn brand as we gain traction in our digital transformation and brand refresh with accelerating demand growth and improved service metrics. We drove strong digital growth and KPIs, including double-digit increases in traffic and product engagement. We're seeing the benefits of improved product discovery with higher engagement and revenues per visit. And we are effectively marketing our differentiated quality and original designs. 
 Demand in our stores is being driven by our trusted service culture and the talented team of designers who facilitate putting a whole room together for our guests. Stores are our multichannel advantage, and customers are embracing omni-channel services like free DTC returns and the convenience of buy online, pickup in store. Design crew also continues to drive increased sales in stores and is offsetting the traffic declines that are happening in some malls. Growth in Pottery Barn is being driven by our successful initiatives. Our curated Pottery Barn marketplace assortment is providing our guests with more choice while driving growth. Our apartment assortment of smaller space solutions is adding volume and converting new and younger customers. And we are laying the foundation with increased assortment of Contract grade furniture to contribute towards the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Business-to-Business growth initiatives. 
 Another key success has been our mindfully made campaign, which better communicates our commitment to sustainability and responsibly sourced materials. We're on track to meet our 2021 goals, with 85% of our cotton GOTS-certified organic and 33% of our wood FSC-certified. And we've extended our leadership in mindful offerings with 50% of our upholstered furniture GREENGUARD Gold-certified. These achievements have earned our company recognition by the nonprofit Textile Exchange as a top 10 company using organic cotton and preferred fibers, and Sustainable Furnishings Council as a top scoring wood furniture retailer. We believe we are set up extremely well for the holiday season in Pottery Barn. We've launched highly curated gift shops online that are inspiring and easy to shop. And early reads show our customers are responding well to our assortments of cozy bedding, velvets and plaids. We're also seeing momentum in our Pottery Barn Kids and Teen brands. We continue to see growth in our Baby business, as we expand aesthetics and price points. We're using the lens of offering the safest, healthiest products, thanks to our rigorous safety standards and market-leading approach to offering GREENGUARD Gold-certified furniture on over 90% of our assortment. Our range stands from baby to toddler, kids and teens and off-to-college where we saw double-digit growth in the quarter from our offering of high-quality dorm room bedding, furniture and no nails decorating solutions. 
 We're also focused on growing our customer reach through new aesthetics. Based on the success of our modern baby offering, we recently announced the launch of Pottery Barn Modern Kids and Teen, a new range of furniture crafted with eco-friendly materials, clean lines and kid-oriented functionality. Additionally, we are encouraged by the strong early reads on our children's holiday collections, which include expanded holiday decor, gifting and seasonal bedding. In the Williams-Sonoma brand, our priority remains balancing the brand's long-term growth with improved profitability. And while we did run a negative 2.1% comp, we are encouraged that execution against our transformation plan has already generated improved profitability. Much of the sales shortfall in the quarter came from electrics, bakeware, housewares and our Halloween assortments. WS branded product continued to gain momentum and will remain a key growth initiative in the future. 
 Consistent with our transformation strategies, we've improved our inventory levels, and we've reduced a significant amount of low-volume SKUs across the brand. We also continue to drive additional opportunities to improve overall profitability, including reduced promotional activity, margin improvements and overall expense structure. We made progress against our retail initiatives to eliminate waste and leverage our high-impact remodels, close underperforming stores and improve the in-store experience. 
 In regard to WS Home, we've made a strategic decision to reduce levels of promotion, focus on clearer product stories and continue to improve our retail strategy. Another point of differentiation in Williams-Sonoma is our dedication to making a positive impact. In February, we launched the Williams-Sonoma Cares campaign to increase the transparency of our ongoing commitment to the well-being of our communities and our planet. As of this year, 100% of our cookware is PFOA free. 100% of our food products are free of out ingredients such as trans fat, high fructose corn syrup, artificial colors and flavors, and nontraceable palm oil. And we are making significant progress towards our goal for 2020 and beyond. 
 By 2020, we pledge to have 100% of our Williams-Sonoma-branded coffee Fair Trade Certified and 100% of our bed and bath products GOTS certified organic and STANDARD 100 by OEKO-TEX. 
 In addition, we are transitioning all wood kitchen tools to be FSC certified. Looking forward to the fourth quarter, we are confident we will deliver improved results from Q3 in the Williams-Sonoma brand. We've increased our digital spend, optimized catalog circulation and have a higher level of new innovative products that you will only find at Williams-Sonoma. 
 As we deliver more relevant products and ideas to our customers, we will emphasize the Williams-Sonoma difference. We are introducing new content-rich experiences online and in our stores that reinforce Williams-Sonoma as a destination for the holidays. Initial reads on our Thanksgiving and holiday products have been positive. Our emerging brands, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham, drove another quarter of double-digit profitable growth as they continue to scale and attract new customers. And in our global business, we saw continued profitable growth across both our company-owned and franchise operations. 
 During the quarter, we expanded our wholesale network to New Zealand and Ireland, which are off to a strong start. And we are really looking forward to expanding our franchise operations with our entry into India early next year. 
 In addition to all of our brand initiatives, our cross-brand programs have been increasingly impactful drivers of revenues and customer acquisition all year. And during the third quarter, we added another 800,000 members to our cross-brand loyalty program, The Key, bringing total membership to 7.2 million. This ongoing accelerated growth of members is an important contributor to our future growth as key members currently spend, on average, 3x more than non-key members, with 2x higher purchase frequency, and they are 3x more likely to shop across multiple brands. They also drive a significant lift in sales as key members typically spend over 5x the value of their rewards. To drive greater redemption, we optimized our redemption e-mail campaigns and enhanced rewards visibility across our brand sites. We've also been expanding our member events and experiences to engage our best customers. We'll be leveraging this valuable platform with the launch of more marketing initiatives and membership events throughout the holidays to keep our brands top-of-mind and drive more cross-brand shopping. 
 Our Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Business-to-Business division also delivered another quarter of accelerating double-digit growth and drove nearly 100 basis points of comp growth for the total company. Q3 also marked the successful relaunch of our Business-to-Business membership program, which now encompasses 7 membership types, providing a much broader platform to attract and acquire new customers. This expanded program also allows us to unlock the full industry range and market share potential for this new division through the delivery of more targeted and relevant content for specific businesses or project types. This will be key for driving brand awareness as well as for accelerating our speed to market. 
 In addition, we've introduced regionally-focused service teams and launched a complete rebranding of the program, which is included on all of our brand websites. We're also recently honored at Boutique Design New York as the best of Boutique Design winner of the best exhibit competition out of over 800 booths. Fundamental to all initiatives is our focus on the delivery of a best-in-class experience for our customers during the holiday season. Customer experience is oxygen for growth, and there's no time in the year more critical for us to ensure that we meet the high standards that our customers have come to expect from us. We've improved our website speed, enhanced the search experience of a new iteration of our machine learning algorithms and added new capabilities to display lifestyle room imagery and product information as well as add to cart functionality in our shoppable room. 
 And as a part of our evolution to build an agile technology-rich retail operation, we continue to test new technologies to enhance the shopping experience, including additional design chat capabilities, product recommendations, payment, financing solutions and improvements to our Outward room planner. 
 In our distribution centers, technology is facilitating faster and more streamlined order processing through a number of enhancements, including paperless order processing and automated packing for high-volume products. To further improve order visibility, we are continually building on our machine learning optimization framework to provide more accurate data-driven delivery estimates to customers. Within our in-home furniture delivery network, we've expanded the rollout of Glympse, a same-day delivery order tracking program, which enables live tracking of home delivery trucks on the day of delivery and real-time customer updates on order delivery progress. Our transportation team has also completed extensive planning sessions with our ocean carriers, freight vendors and UPS to ensure that we deliver a great customer experience over the holidays. 
 Additionally, our West Elm, West Coast DC and Fontana, California is now fully operational, facilitating growth for our West Elm brand on the West Coast. After a highly successful peak last year and with 3 quarters of operational improvements behind us, we are in a strong position heading into this holiday season. Our teams are focused on flawlessly executing the fundamentals and delivering outstanding service at every customer touchpoint. Before I conclude, I want to provide you with an update on our sustainability efforts. Across our company, we strive to make a positive impact in the world, and corporate responsibility is central to who we are and the way we run our business. The conscious changes we continue to make in our global supply chain leads to shift towards greater responsibility in the way our industry operates and in our customers' choices. 
 In October, we released our annual corporate responsibility report, which outlined the meaningful company-wide progress we've achieved towards environmental, social and governance leadership. We are committed to improving transparency and strengthening our long-term commitment to ESG values, including efforts for responsible sourcing, landfill diversion and improvements in worker well-being. We also recently celebrated 5 years of partnership with Fair Trade USA. As the first global home retailer to make a broad commitment to this organization, we are pleased to take part in improving the well-being of our workers through community development, such as health clinics, water filtration and other community projects. We believe all these efforts are becoming increasingly important to our customers, our associates, the communities that we operate in and our shareholders. 
 In conclusion, while we are pleased with our year-to-date performance, we are even more excited about seeing the continued evolution and innovation come to life in our business. Our strong value proposition of high-quality, design-led sustainable products, combined with our multi-brand digital-first operating model is a winning combination. We are confident that we will deliver great service to our customers this holiday season and lead as an example of sustainability in our industry. We believe we are well equipped for an exceptional 2019 and we are ready for what's to come in 2020. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Julie to review our financial results. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon, everyone. We are pleased to report another quarter of strong results with profitable revenue growth exceeding expectations, including e-commerce revenues growing to an all-time high. We delivered sequentially improving gross margins, another quarter of operating income growth and operating margin stabilization as well as inventory growth below sales growth, all despite incremental China tariffs during the quarter. These results reflect the ongoing success of our growth and operational initiatives that we have seen all year and further demonstrate our ability to deliver upon our long-term commitments. During the third quarter, we generated net revenues of $1,442 million for a year-over-year increase of 6.3%. Comparable brand revenues grew 5.5% on top of 3.1% last year. Growth was led by e-commerce, growing 9.3% to a record high of almost 57% of total revenues. By brand, we saw another quarter of outperformance in the West Elm brand with a 14.1% comp, continued strength across the Pottery Barn brands, including Pottery Barn at a 3.4% comp and the Kids and Teen businesses accelerating to a 4.0% comp, another quarter of double-digit growth for Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham combined, as well as another solid quarter of growth in our international operations of 9.2%. 
 Gross margin for the third quarter was 36% compared to 36.5% last year. The gross margin deleverage of 50 basis points was driven by the incremental impact from the China tariffs as well as higher shipping costs, primarily from a higher mix of furniture sales, which is more expensive to ship, partially offset by occupancy leverage. Despite the tariff impact almost doubling from the second quarter, our margins sequentially improved because of the continued success we are seeing from all of our mitigation efforts and the overall strength of our business, allowing us to further reduce the amount and depth of our promotional discounting this quarter, resulting in offsetting merchandise margin gains within gross margin. We also generated incremental occupancy leverage during the quarter, which helped to further offset the tariff impact within the gross margin. Occupancy costs were $179 million or 12.4% of revenues compared to $177 million or 13.1% of revenues last year. Our ongoing retail optimization efforts and the corresponding benefits we see from reduced rents and other occupancy costs, allowed us to minimize occupancy cost growth to only 1.1%, driving 70 basis points of leverage.
 Additionally, we delivered on our commitment for cost reductions throughout company to further mitigate the tariff impact on the bottom line. As a result, we saw SG&A leverage 50 basis points to 28.4% of net revenues this year compared to 28.9% of revenues last year, primarily driven by leverage across employment and advertising from higher sales and our continued cost-containment initiatives. We have reduced employment costs, primarily resulting from the reduction in force earlier this year as well as from other employment-related costs. We have further optimized our advertising spend by shifting more of our spend away from catalogs to more efficient digital advertising. We have also been aggressively reducing non-merchandise-related costs as a result of our comprehensive company-wide initiative to consolidate vendors and leverage economies of scale that we started at the beginning of the year.
 As a result, operating income grew in line with sales growth to $109.9 million, and we held operating margins flat to last year at 7.6%. The effective income tax rate was 24.7% compared to 23% last year. And diluted earnings per share of $1.02, grew 7.4% compared to $0.95 last year. Year-to-date, this has us delivering revenue growth of 5.7%, operating income growth of 9.8%, operating margin expansion of 30 basis points and double-digit diluted earnings per share growth of 13%. We are pleased to see that all of the mitigation strategies we implemented have allowed us despite the ongoing cost pressure from the China tariffs to deliver strong profitable growth. Of course, without these tariffs, our performance would have been even stronger.
 Moving to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $155 million versus $164 million last year. Year-to-date, we have invested $121 million in the business and have returned $226 million to stockholders, split evenly between share repurchases and dividends at approximately $113 million each. Merchandise inventories ended the third quarter at $1,259 million, increasing 5.1% over last year, or 120 basis points below our sales growth of 6.3%. This speaks to the success of our inventory initiatives, including the continued expansion of our omni-channel inventory fulfillment capabilities, more in time frequent flow of inventory from our overseas vendors as well as the continued shift of our business to more drop-ship and made-to-order inventory. These initiatives not only enabled us to drive inventory growth below sales growth despite the incremental inventory cost impact from the China tariffs but also enabled us to reduce backorders and backorder crate rates.
 Now I'd like to discuss our fiscal year 2019 guidance. But before I do, I want to remind you that fiscal year 2019 is a 52-week year versus a 53-week year in fiscal year 2018. We had estimated last year that the extra week in fiscal year 2018 was worth approximately $85 million in revenues and $0.10 in EPS. And this has been reflected within our fiscal year 2019 guidance all year. Given the strength we are seeing in our year-to-date results, with strong top line growth and operating margin stability, we are raising the low end of our fiscal year guidance. This guidance includes the financial impact from all China tariffs through the end of the year, and we have not assumed that any China tariffs will be repealed.
 As a result, our fiscal year 2019 guidance includes net revenues in the range of $5,770 million to $5,900 million, comp growth in the range of 3.5% to 6% and diluted earnings per share growing 7% to 10%, excluding the impact from the 53rd week last year to a range of $4.65 to $4.80. All other guidance within our press release remains unchanged. Additionally, we are reiterating our commitment to maintain a balanced capital allocation strategy. We will continue to utilize our strong operating cash flow to first invest in the business in those areas that will fuel our growth and provide the highest returns. And we remain committed to returning excess cash to our stockholders in the form of share repurchases and dividend payments.
 In closing, our strong third quarter and year-to-date results reflect the continued momentum we are seeing from our growth and operational initiatives, along with the unique positioning we have in the marketplace. As customers increasingly want to shop with brands they know and trust, that sell proprietary products that exhibit quality, value and sustainability, and that can provide exceptional customer service online and in-store, we believe we are one of the best positioned in the industry to support this customer demand. And this, combined with a culture of strong financial discipline, will allow us to generate long-term profitable growth and returns for our shareholders.
 And with that, I would like to wish you all a happy holiday, and I would now like to open up the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First, from Barclays, we have Adrienne Yih. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Laura, my first question is about, one of your pure-play competitors, Wayfair, they spoke on their call about when the tariffs came in, and since they don't carry inventory, they had a pricing disruption that delayed the consumer behavior, the purchasing behavior. I'm wondering if you've seen any of that. Seems like not. But if you could talk about that.
 And then secondarily, kind of on a longer-term basis, now that Mark and Graham and Rejuvenation are double-digit kind of growth, what are the long-term plans for that?
 And then, Julie, really quickly, in terms of kind of helping us with some tariff impact as we roll into 2020, can you help us kind of think about what percentage will be sourced from China. And any impact? How long your current stock of inventory, the pre-tariff inventory can carry you into 2020? 
Laura Alber: Sure. Thanks, Adrienne. We have not seen any delayed purchasing from our customers. We have very strong demand, and it was very consistent through the quarter, and it's continuing. So I haven't noticed that.
 In terms of Mark and Graham and Rejuvenation, all of our brands work together in a symbiotic way to serve customers in life stages and lifestyles. And Rejuvenation has a very specific focus on house parts and hardwired lighting. And we know that remodeling homes and that people's love for their homes is not waning, and we're seeing great growth because we sit in a very unique place with this high-quality custom-configured lighting. And it's very difficult. I know many of you have probably done remodels of rooms and to match all the finishes in a room, even from a single retailer, can be tricky and we make it all -- we finish it all, I should say, in Portland. So all the finishes match perfectly. And we'll -- so we continue to see the growth.
 We're seeing it both in the stores, which are comping nicely and online. We're debating a couple more stores in key locations, but we don't think that we also -- we don't have to open stores to continue this growth. There's a lot of natural growth and natural category growth in Rejuvenation. Mark and Graham really leverages our strong personalization techniques that we have in the company. And it's, again, a differentiated way for a customer to shop for a gift. I mean nothing like giving someone something for the holidays that has their name on it. It really shows that you thought of them. And so we see both of them continuing to grow and be sizeable. And they're both producing very profitable bottom lines. So they're helping us with our EPS, and they will continue to expand and leverage the base that we've built on the foundation of the company. 
Julie Whalen: And Adrienne, this is Julie. Regarding the tariff impact. I mean obviously, our next call, we'll go through a lot more details of the puts and takes with 2020 in our guidance. But certainly, at a high level, we remain committed regardless of tariffs to our long-term commitment to hold op margins and operating income relatively in line with revenue growth. So therefore, operating margin stability regardless of the tariffs. But from a -- as we roll into 2020, to give you directionally some information, I mean, obviously, the first half will have more pressure than the back half because a lot of the tariffs came in towards the back half of the year.
 However, on the flip side, we're also going to be resourcing more next year. So we've said externally that we plan to get out of about half of our exposure in China by the end of next year. So we're halfway there to that commitment. And so there'll be more that's resourced next year. But what I would say is that I think, you could see that we've done an incredible job of offsetting this tariff exposure. And this quarter, in particular, is a great example of that when you look at sequentially improving gross margins with almost double the tariff impact. And we've done that with strong health of our business and our ability to pull back on promotions and all of this resourcing, cost negotiations, cost reductions through our P&L. We've been working on this for a long time. And so I would say that's going to be helpful for us for next year.
 As far as the inventory side of things, and maybe I didn't understand your question, but ultimately, just about all of the tariffs that come into play at this point for us, except for the List 4b tariffs, which are currently scheduled, we'll see, but for December 15. And so that's really the incremental inventory impact if you will. Everything else has already gotten the tariff in it. So there's nothing that we can really pull ahead from that perspective. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Moving on, we will hear from Kate McShane with Goldman Sachs. 
Katharine McShane: My question is centered around gross margin. Just wondering if you could help us quantify, Julie, some of the headwinds you saw during the quarter. I noticed, too, that you didn't call out B2B as one of the headwinds to gross margin. So I wondered if you could address that, and just how we should be thinking about gross margins for Q4. 
Julie Whalen: Sure. So from a gross margin perspective to kind of walk you through it, they basically came down 50 basis points, which is a 60 basis point improvement from the second quarter despite having double the impact from the China tariffs. And so we were pleased to see that with the fact that we had accelerating operating margin leverage to 70 basis points that, that helped offset it in addition to the fact that we were able to, given the strength of our business, as I said earlier, pull off of promotions that basically offset entirely the tariffs. So if you back out, to your point, there is some B2B exposure. It wasn't as significant relative to the total, but there was some B2B exposure in our gross margin. Of course, that's accretive to our op margin. But if you back sort of those things out and some onetime things, you get to a pure merch margin that is basically flat despite the incremental tariffs.
 As far as Q4 going forward, obviously, we don't provide details necessarily at the gross margin and quarterly gross margin line, but directionally, it's another quarter that we have incremental tariffs, to be honest. So with the List 4a tariffs came in towards the end of this quarter and then we have potentially the list 4b tariffs that are coming in December 15. So it's another quarter of absorbing incremental tariffs. But on the flip side, given the success we've had in this quarter, we feel really good about our ability to cover that. And so we're, again, committed to the bottom line with op margins stabilizing, operating income growth in line with revenue growth. And so if there's pressure on the gross margin like we've done all year, we will offset it with other cost reduction opportunities within SG&A. 
Operator: And next question comes from Steve Forbes with Guggenheim Securities. 
Steven Forbes: I wanted to focus on -- sorry, expense leverage, given the sequential moderation, right?  You talked about the improvement there in gross, which is certainly a positive. But if we look at expenses, the leverage, right, it looked like it moderated. So I don't know if there were certain costs that hit during the quarter? Or if you could just remind us, right, as we model the -- model forward how much the corporate realignment helped you on the leverage line item and/or whether you're still leveraging store-level payroll given the strong comp performance? 
Julie Whalen: So we definitely saw a considerable leverage again within the employment line. So certainly, the -- unfortunately or fortunately, the reduction in force in the beginning of the year is certainly helping us as we move through. We're definitely seeing leverage from a store perspective as well. The difference sequentially is simply -- of course, by quarter-by-quarter, the leverage -- the amount of leverage is going to fluctuate for many reasons. But relative to last quarter, the reason why it's a little bit less leverage is because of 2 things. One, we made some more investments on the advertising side, even though advertising leverage, it didn't leverage as much as the second quarter, and I'll let Felix talk about it in a second. And then secondly, we had a state sales tax settlement that happened during the quarter that wasn't there last year or in the second quarter. So both of those sort of put pressure, if you will, on a lower leverage within SG&A. But we're really proud that we've been able to, with our cost containment initiatives, maintain this leverage as we move throughout the year, even though it's going to vary by quarter. Felix, you want to talk about our advertising? 
Felix Carbullido: Yes, absolutely. As Julie said, for the third quarter in a row, we leveraged our marketing spend. And our customer count, which from a longer-term perspective, we recognize that's what fuels our growth in the long term. So introducing new customers, retaining happy customers is still our #1 priority. And where we see efficient ROI, we will spend. That said, as Julie said, given the ongoing challenge of the tariffs, we will find efficiencies. We've taken all of our online media buying in-house. It allows us to better leverage costs across the digital ecosystem. We have a cross-brand learning agenda, a learning agenda with our 7 brands, which allows us to test and learn quickly on 1 brand and then roll it to the others when we see the return on investment. And finally, we -- for 25-plus years, we've been focused on performance marketing because of our catalog days. We've had a continuous improvement in investment in customer and marketing analytics that gives us the confidence to spend when we see the right return on investment. 
Operator: Then next from Telsey Advisory Group, we have Cristina Fernndez. 
Cristina Fernandez: On the Williams-Sonoma brand, can you talk about some of the new units that's coming in, in the fourth quarter that gives you confidence that you can get a positive comp? And also, a couple of department stores have talked about incremental promotions on house worth. Did you feel like that have an -- that had an impact on that brand during the quarter? 
Laura Alber: Sure. Thank you for the question. In terms of things that we're bringing in, we have -- we've seen some strength in some categories that flex up during the holidays, and cookware continues to be quite strong, especially with our exclusive launches, our Le Creuset Star Wars collection, which is great. That sells in the fourth quarter. We also see continued momentum in our WS branded, and that is going to be something that we continue to tick up as a percent of total.
 We've also been working on a better marketing strategy so that we can drive double-digit traffic growth online, which is really key to the holiday time period, and we have tested it and are on track to execute that, and we funded it through catalog cuts. We also really realized in a market where there is a lot of competition, it is important for us to better describe and communicate why we are different and what products are different. And so you're going to see us continue to pull back on promos and the promo marketing so we can tell better lifestyle stories. And you're going to notice that in the e-mail and also on our sites. And furthermore, in terms of the whole model, we believe that as we continue to focus on bigger stories and tell them better, we're going to be able to improve our margins and improve sales because we're not so over assorted. 
Cristina Fernandez: And then as a follow-up, on the tariffs, so List 3 tariffs didn't go to 30 from 25 as had been indicated in the last quarter. And then if List 4b tariffs are delayed, how should you think about that benefit of reinvesting it or falling to the bottom line? 
Laura Alber: Julie, would you like to... 
Julie Whalen: Sure. So List 4b, as you mentioned, if it doesn't go through, it was supposed to go through December 15. And so by the time we receive goods into our distribution centers and ultimately sell it, it's a relatively small impact to the fourth quarter. For us, if it were to get lifted and it depends on the fact and circumstances, does it get repealed, 4a and all these other ones that are already in place, who knows? But based on 4b alone, if that one didn't go into play, it wouldn't be significant for us for the fourth quarter, but certainly, it takes pressure off of next year. 
Operator: And then moving on, we'll take our next question from Chuck Grom with Gordon Haskett. 
Charles Grom: Can you just maybe take a step back and -- how should we think about the health of your business? Only because most of your banners saw a little bit of a slowdown on the stacks. Just wondering if you're still feeling confident? And then the full year comp range, 3.5% to 6%, is pretty -- implies a pretty big or wide range here for the fourth quarter. Just wondering if you could help us narrow that range a little bit? And then on B2B, I just wanted to make sure I heard you correctly that, that was about 100 basis points of comp benefit to the third quarter. And in my understanding, that can be lumpy at times. But how should we think about that going forward? 
Julie Whalen: So from a B2B perspective, yes, it came in about the same this quarter, about almost 100 basis points of our comp growth, but that could be lumpy. I mean again, it depends on the size of the deals and the timing of the deals, and so we're just thrilled to see again that it was a significant contributor to our results from a comp perspective. As far as how we're feeling? So what I would say is, we feel great about the strength that we're seeing in our business. We are not seeing any signs of a slowdown as we've entered the fourth quarter. We remain confident in our long-term ability to outperform and take market share. Our fiscal year guidance at the high end is in line with our outperformance we have seen year-to-date with strong top line growth of the 5.7% as I mentioned and double-digit EPS growth.
 As far as your questions on the implied fourth quarter guidance in a wider range, I really wouldn't read anything into that. We have simply provided fiscal year guidance where, given the strength of our business, we raised the low end of our guidance ranges for the third time this year, despite absorbing another quarter of incremental China tariffs, which again remind everybody we're going to have a full quarter now of the List 4a tariffs and the addition of the planned implementation of List 4b tariffs. So it's another quarter of incremental tariffs. But we believe this guidance reflects the range of outcomes that are possible and, obviously, with the mixed retail results that we're seeing out there, we think these guidance ranges are appropriate at the time. But at the end of the day, we remain confident in the growth and operational initiatives that we have been executing against this year that has driven our outperformance all year and will allow us to deliver long-term market share gains. 
Laura Alber: And KPIs are very strong, Chuck, including customer counts, customer retention. The digital traffic to our websites, as I said earlier, is double digit, which is very good. Retail is strong. We're well set up. We're set in the stores, we've been out, we've seen them. They look great. And we're operationally ready for the compressed calendar. So we know that there's some opportunity with the last year compares in Q4. Pottery Barn was flattish last year, and it's a big -- it's a big upside for us this year because we continue to see increasing momentum in Pottery Barn.
 And remember that as we grow furniture, our net comp, which is the one that we publish, often lags demand comp. So that makes us even more confident as we have seen demand comps continue to grow in Pottery Barn and some of our other furniture-based brands. So there's a lot of good news here. We also -- because last Q4 wasn't as robust as other quarters, we have the opportunity not just to drive incremental sales, but also to drive increased margins because we had a lot of plans and promotional levels last year that we are hoping not to be -- not to comp, and that could give us upside as well. So I'd say it's exactly what Julie said, we're set up extremely well. KPIs prove it. Macro backdrop is healthy, and we have opportunity on the 2 year. 
Charles Grom: Okay, great. And just one quick one. Julie, you did a great job unpacking the gross margin for us. Just wondering if you could help us quantify the tariff headwinds, specifically in the third quarter, I guess, relative to what it was in the second quarter. 
Laura Alber: I'm going to take that one since she didn't let me take other. I'll just say that we've assumed the worst, okay? So we continue to assume the worst. All the tariffs go into play. What we haven't assumed is that they make them worse yet. But the ones that have been mentioned, every time they mention them, we double down our plans to offset them. So that's what's in as we think about the end of this year and next year. So obviously, there would be some upside if that didn't happen, if any of them go back, of course. But you be -- who can judge what's going to happen here. It's impossible. And to overthink it, I think, is a waste of time. We're just prepared for it. We're not running all these models all the time because they change daily, hourly, as we all know. But I think we're better prepared for it than most that we're evidencing right now that we're covering it despite them increasing. 
Operator: Next question will come from Chris Horvers with JPMorgan. 
Christopher Horvers: So 2 questions. You mentioned December last year, obviously, the stock market dropped pretty sharply, and it seems like some of your peers at the high end saw a pretty big impact on that. So did you see that in your business, the impact of the market in terms of trends?
 And then the second question is, you did mention demand comp. Last year, you talked about demand comp -- actual comp lagging demand comp by 150 basis points. That seems like an easy compare there? Is that something that helped comps overall? And how would you look at that? 
Laura Alber: So on the demand comp. So our furniture business is our fastest-growing business. And as you know, part of our tariff mitigation was to bring some of the upholstery back from China to America. And as a result, that upholstery is made to order, it is not stocked. So that is actually at work right now different from last year as part of our tariff mitigation, which means that when both of those things happen, you're going to continue to see this lag. And it's just the reality of a growing furniture business that's made to order. Julie, do you want to talk about the high end last year? 
Julie Whalen: Yes, I don't think we saw as much as others have reported, the correlation between the stock market impact. We certainly had an impact in our results, but it wasn't as significant as others have said. 
Laura Alber: We could have done better last year. I mean last year, you remember the comps, and they were -- they were pretty flattish, except for West Elm. 
Operator: And next from Evercore ISI, we have Oliver Wintermantel. 
Oliver Wintermantel: Julie, you mentioned e-comm grew about 9% in the quarter. Could you remind us or could you tell us what it grew in the first half? And if it accelerated, where the acceleration came from?
 And then just to follow up to the B2B question quickly. Which -- when you said it helped comp by 100 basis points, what line item would that hit? Is that West Elm? Is that Pottery Barn? Maybe a little bit more detail where that actually is helping? 
Julie Whalen: Sure. From an e-commerce perspective, it's been holding relatively around that spot all year long. So we're pleased to see that, that strong growth is continuing as we move throughout the year.
 And from a B2B perspective, it's definitely across-brand. I would say it's predominantly in West Elm and in Pottery Barn, but it's across the brands. 
Operator: And moving on from UBS, we have Michael Lasser. 
Michael Lasser: A couple of part questions, but I hope you don't mind. First, as you look at the comp and you factor in like-for-like price increases and more full price selling because of less discounting, how much did those 2 factors contribute to the comp in the period? 
Julie Whalen: That wasn't significant. Certainly, we saw higher AURs, but it wasn't the main driver of that. A lot of the big driver of that is the fact that we're selling just more furniture period. And more of the B2B operations is obviously more finished furniture driven as well. 
Laura Alber: And just remember, all of the strategy we've put into place to have the #1 furniture supply chain and then to also help people furnish their homes and make good decisions about what works together. And then our in-store design crew and Outward planner, all those things are coming together to drive that furniture, which is a much higher ticket than bedding or deck. 
Michael Lasser: And as we think about the Pottery Barn comp, should we assume that between PB Apartment, the expansion of the marketplace and the B2B, those were the 3 contributors to the comp growth during the period? Then I have one last part. 
Laura Alber: No. Those were big contributors, but I'll say, in this quarter, in particular, we launched a lot of new furniture that is off to a very strong start. And I've said this before, and I think you've all seen it, that when we get something that's new and it works, we have a long time to optimize that, add pieces to it. So for example, if you start with a coffee table, you can add a dining table and a bedroom collection, and so it's great to see those collections be so strong because that gives us a really strong foundation to build on. And that's not just in these new businesses. That's in the foundation and is what we're really excited about. 
Michael Lasser: And my last question is as we calibrate our models for 2020, how should we think about the outward expenses that you'll be excluding from the P&L? Will they -- will you include any of that? Or -- and will they get larger than they were this year? 
Julie Whalen: No. So what we have said is that after this year, the Outward -- the operations from Outward will now be included within our P&L for 2020. The pieces that are associated with the acquisition of will continue until that's done, which is about another 2 years. And so you can square root the math. I think if you look at our Ks or Qs, there is some information in there for you to be able to determine how much is associated with the acquisition, and then you can come up with your estimates as to how much of that will be absorbed next year. 
Laura Alber: What's also going to be great is that, by the time we reach next year, all the key building bricks are going to be in place because this quarter we've just put in Pottery Barn Teen, and we continue to improve our cross-brand room planner, and there's a lot more to come next year with how that's going to work. We're also starting to really measure the impact and the lift from some of these tools, which is exciting. It's early days there. But as much as we're going to be incurring the cost of Outward next year, we're also going to be next year, really, for the first time, seeing the true benefits in the P&L from using the cross-brand room planner successfully. 
Operator: Next question will come from Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. 
Simeon Gutman: My question, I'll put it into 2 parts. So the business seems to be growing well in both the consumer and the B2B channels. Can you talk about how your top line visibility is changing as a result? I think the B2B may have longer lead times, and so do you have a better sense of the business 6 months, 12 months out?
 And then the part 2 of it is, what are the implications from the B2B growth for the margin profile of the company? 
Laura Alber: Sure. So B2B, we're pleased to have a second consecutive quarter of double-digit growth, and we continue to believe that's a tremendous opportunity for long term, as we told you, and we saw you, it's a very fragmented market. It's right for disruption. It's really hard for people to furnish their commercial spaces right now. And we are in advanced discussions with a number of Fortune 500 companies. We can't talk about them yet, but the progress we're making really reinforces the competitive advantages that truly set us apart in this very fragmented market. So we've said $2 billion. That's the number we believe in annual revenues. They're getting there faster than I would have thought, and I don't want to underestimate how quickly they can do it. But it's one of these things where if you get one deal done, it can really -- if you're doing something for a big chain and they take some of your products in a certain region, it can then expand rapidly as they then get used to working with you. So it's got a very fast multiplier. 
Julie Whalen: And from a margin perspective, similar to what we talk about with franchise and things like that, there are certainly some pressure that happens on the gross margin line. But from an op margin perspective, it's accretive and it's definitely what you want us to keep moving forward on. 
Simeon Gutman: If I can just sneak 1 follow-up. If you think about the long-term target for margin stability, anything change in how you think about it, the mix between expense leverage or gross margin over time? 
Julie Whalen: No. 
Operator: Okay. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the question-and-answer portion of our call for today. I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for any additional or closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: Yes. Thank you all for being with us today. I hope you have a wonderful Thanksgiving and a great holiday season. Please shop with us, and we'll be looking forward to talking to you after the holidays is over. 
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our call. Once again, we thank you for joining us today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-28 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. 
 I'd now like to turn call the over to Elise Wang, Vice President of Investor Relations, to discuss non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking statements. Please go ahead. 
Elise Wang: Thank you. Good afternoon. This call should be considered in conjunction with the press release that we issued earlier today. Unless indicated otherwise, our discussion today will relate to results and guidance based on certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and our explanation of why the non-GAAP financial measures may be useful are discussed in Exhibit 1 of our press release.
 This call also contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which address the financial conditions, results of operations, business initiatives, trends, guidance, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2019 and beyond and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company's current press release and SEC filings, including the most recent 10-K, for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call.
 I will now turn the conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer. 
Laura Alber: Thank you, Elise. Good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today are: Julie Whalen, our Chief Financial Officer; Felix Carbullido, our Chief Marketing Officer; and Yasir Anwar, our Chief Technology Officer.
 We continue to deliver very strong results. In the second quarter, comp revenue growth accelerated to 6.5%, operating margin expanded 10 basis points and EPS grew double digits for the sixth consecutive quarter. The growth strategy that we outlined at the beginning of the year is driving results and giving us the competitive advantage to continue to outperform. West Elm, our biggest growth opportunity, continues to accelerate. The Pottery Barn brands have returned to strength, and our cross-brand initiatives, such as The Key and Business-to-Business, are becoming more impactful levers of growth. 
 We're also improving the customer experience through innovation and experimentation, and we are seeing the results of this work fuel brand-level performance across our portfolio. In addition, our data-driven performance marketing is producing outsized returns on our digital media investments. 
 Our performance year-to-date demonstrates that our initiatives are successfully driving consistent profitable growth across the business, and we are confident that we'll build on our market share gains in the second half and longer term. As a result, we are raising our full year guidance for net revenues, comp revenue growth and EPS. 
 I would now like to discuss in more detail the underlying drivers of our second quarter performance across our brands, starting with the first pillar of our growth strategy and our biggest growth opportunity, West Elm. 
 West Elm had an outstanding quarter, with comp growth accelerating to 17.5% on top of 9.5% last year. The brand is hyper-focused on delivering on the promise of helping our customers elevate their everyday, combining industry-leading design value and the quality that comes from our vertically integrated model. 
 In Q2, our West Elm results were driven by strong execution across all of our key growth strategies, accentuating our designs and value leadership, expansion into product white space, enhanced strategies to drive new customer acquisition and growth across all channels, including B2B. 
 New product introductions and line extensions with differentiated design and value attributes drove our product performance this quarter, while continued growth across both higher and lower price point categories points to strength in new and retained customers. 
 Also worth highlighting is the notable acceleration in our e-commerce growth. Furthermore, our new West Elm stores continue to perform above expectations, delivering incremental top line and bottom line growth. Overall, the market continues to respond to West Elm's unique offering of industry-leading design, function and value, reinforcing our potential to capture significantly more share domestically and abroad. We're executing on an aggressive growth strategy and are well on track to doubling the brand's revenue. 
 The Pottery Barn brands also had a strong quarter with comp growth accelerating to 4.2% and 3.7% for Pottery Barn and Pottery Barn Kids and Teen, respectively. In Pottery Barn, growth continued to be led by furniture, with strength in our proprietary upholstery business driven by our talented in-home design team and the service culture in our stores. Our digital experience has also improved materially through an increased focus on inspiration and friction-free shopping, which are driving more traffic and product engagement. 
 As we outlined a couple years ago, we've been executing on an aggressive plan to reposition Pottery Barn for growth. We've diversified our product offering with more aesthetics and scale, including the launch of our successful new businesses, Pottery Barn Apartment and Marketplace, both of which are driving new customer acquisition and brand reconsideration. 
 We've also improved our value equation across all product categories, transformed our digital experience with more content and functionality, and optimized our retail experience through remodels and value-added in-home services. We are pleased to see all of these initiatives taking hold and positioning the brand for strong long-term growth. 
 The Pottery Barn Kids and Teen brands delivered their highest 2-year comp in 4 years. Our baby business continues to be an important growth initiative, where we are fueling growth [ and ] customer acquisitions with our market-leading offering of GREENGUARD gold-certified furniture and organic textiles.
 In the quarter, we saw a significant growth across our back-to-school offering, namely backpacks, eco-friendly food storage and dorm furnishings, and we made strides with our mobile-friendly digital shopping experience and in-store services during this peak shopping period. We continue to see strength in the foundational furniture category where we pride ourselves in marrying unique design with the highest safety standards and quality that lasts. 
 Across our children's brands, we are committed to creating products that are good for kids and good for the planet. We are making substantial progress against our sustainability goals, which we believe is an important differentiator in the children's home furnishings market. 
 Our emerging brands, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham, drove another quarter of solid profitable growth. And in our global business, we saw continued strength, particularly in our franchise operations. In addition to our entry into India early next year, we are looking forward to expanding our wholesale network in both New Zealand and Ireland in the second half of this year. 
 I'd now like to discuss the Williams-Sonoma brand. While we are disappointed with the negative 1.1 comp this quarter, we did have a positive comp in our full price business, and new introductions were solid. However, they weren't strong enough to overcome the clearance volume. This is in tabletop and a very successful launch of Instant Pot last year. Instant Pot continues to be a high-volume product, and we are building around it with exclusive food and complementary assortments. 
 Areas of strength in the quarter included savory food as well as our Williams-Sonoma branded cookware and bakeware. We also continued momentum in our Williams-Sonoma Home business despite pulling back on promotions. 
 Now let me spend a moment on the leadership transition that we announced in early July. As most of you already know, Ryan Ross has been appointed the President of Williams-Sonoma. Over the past month, Ryan, the team and myself have identified some immediate opportunities for improvement. Our priority remains balancing the brand's long-term growth with improved profitability. We will aggressively execute on our transformation plan, which includes delivering innovation and relevancy to the customer, along with the expansion of our proprietary private label business. 
 We will also reduce promotional activity and rationalized SKUs to drive margin improvement. We see opportunity in our digital business and our marketing and content strategy, and we will continue to improve our technology road map and assortment opportunities. 
 At retail, we are reducing unprofitable stores, leveraging our high-impact remodels and building on our in-store experience. Together, these initiatives will drive meaningful improvements in the business over time. 
 Another key driver of our accelerated growth is the focus on our portfolio of brands. Our cross-brand loyalty program, The Key, continues to be an impactful driver of customer engagement and revenue growth. We added another 1 million Key members over the last 3 months, bringing total membership to 6.4 million. Even more encouraging is that approximately 70% of sales from these Key members come from multibrand shoppers, which demonstrates the effectiveness of the program in driving cross-brand sales. To further improve The Key member experience, we replatformed our mobile wallet capabilities this quarter, which now include a digital reward card and personalized mobile notifications regarding promotions and reward expirations. 
 Another important driver of customer loyalty is our branded credit card programs. Our credit cardholders are currently amongst our most valuable customers, spending on average 5 times more than nonloyalty customers. We are improving the user experience with more advanced digital capabilities such as in reward redemption and POS access, and we are in the process of expanding on our existing programs to drive more customer engagement and cross-brand spending.
 Our cross-brand Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Business-to-Business division delivered double-digit growth this quarter, and our strategies continue to gain traction. We're executing aggressively on 2 priorities: First, putting in place the cross-brand cross-functional infrastructure to support the growth; and second, expanding our large-scale project pipeline with more strategic partnerships across industry verticals. Our newly formed cross-functional team is prioritizing the development of scalable processes and robust road map of technology enhancements to best serve the needs of the Business-to-Business customer. To drive more strategic selling, we are adding more experienced talent to our sales team and expanding our contract-grade product offering across brands. We're also making strong progress in our discussions with a number of Fortune 500 companies, which continues to reinforce our competitive edge in the Business-to-Business market and delivering high-quality sustainable products that are customizable to individual client needs. 
 Also this quarter, we made substantial progress on our ongoing efforts to improve the customer experience from order to delivery. We have significantly fast-tracked our tech experimentation agenda with the launch of over 80 new capabilities over the last 6 months across each of our brands to deliver more engaging, content-rich customer experiences. So far, over 30% of these tests which span across product recommendation, merchandising and search, have already generated notable improvements and revenue per visitor. We are in the process of scaling them across brands. This test-and-learn results-driven approach allows us to bring innovation to market up to speed and is yet another example of our continued evolution into an agile technology-rich retail organization. 
 In the supply chain, highlights this quarter include the launch of our SMS furniture delivery scheduling, which gives customers the option to schedule their delivery on their mobile devices. We expect this functionality to improve our self-service scheduling participation rate from 50% to 75% and create a more convenient in-home delivery service for our customers. 
 Also in furniture, we're pleased to see the favorable trend in our in-home delivery service rating continue in Q2, and we reached another historical high of 4.88 stars out of 5. 
 Following the first quarter launch of our string of pearls order tracking capability, which gives our customers and associates unparalleled visibility into their orders at up to 13 milestones, we have added further enhancements such as e-mail and SMS notifications that has driven over 20% reduction in order tracking-related customer calls. 
 Another milestone in Q2 was the opening of our West Elm West Coast DC in Fontana, California. We expect the DC to be fully operational in September, facilitating faster delivery times to our customers in the West Coast and reducing our operating cost in the region. 
 Our in-house manufacturing operations, Sutter Street, continues to also be a strategic advantage. Shipments included -- including from our newly established Tupelo facility, were up 30% year-over-year as we continue to drive operational improvements to enable more domestic production, which helps to mitigate the impact to the China tariffs. 
 As we've said throughout the year, we started executing on our tariff mitigation strategy earlier the most, and as evidenced by the results this quarter, we were able to cover the financial impact of List 3 tariffs. Julie will discuss the tariffs in more detail shortly, but before I turn the call over to her, I'd like to provide an update on our very important CSR initiatives. 
 As all of you know, we are a values-driven company and it's our priority to make a positive impact on the world through the way that we do business. Across our brands, we are rapidly closing in on our 100% sustainably sourced cotton goal as well as achieving more GREENGUARD certification in furniture as our customers increasingly demand products that are certified as safe and non-toxic. We're also pleased to be recognized as a leader in landfill diversion, having been ordered a REPREVE Champion of Sustainability for diverting 25 million plastic bottles from waste streams. 
 Our deep commitment to workplace diversity was also recognized this quarter as we were named one of Forbes' Best Employers for Women. Our focus on worker well-being also extend far into our supply chain where we are proud to be the first home furnishings retailer to make a commitment to fair trade. In October, we'll be celebrating the fifth year anniversary of our partnership in creating safe and healthy working conditions for those who manufacture our products. Each of these achievements adds to the reasons why customers choose us over our competitors and why we are focused on amplifying our CSR efforts more broadly across our brands and through the publication of our annual CSR report in fall of this year. 
 As we look to the back half of the year, we are confident that our product and digital strategies, coupled with the strengths of our brands and cross-brand initiatives, will enable us to continue to outperform. I want to thank our team for their strong execution and relentless commitment to serving our customers. 
 And with that, I'll turn the call over to Julie for a financial review of the second quarter and a more detailed update to our fiscal year 2019 guidance. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon, everyone. 
 Our second quarter results reflect the continued acceleration we are seeing in our business and our ability to drive both top line and bottom line outperformance. Executing upon our road map for growth and our operational initiatives has resulted in strong revenue growth, which, along with the ongoing success we are seeing with our cost savings initiatives, drove another quarter of operating margin expansion, double-digit EPS growth and is fueling our confidence in our outlook for the rest of 2019 and beyond. 
 During the second quarter, we generated net revenues of $1,371,000,000 for a year-over-year increase of 7.5%. Comparable brand revenue growth accelerated 300 basis points from the first quarter to 6.5% on top of 4.6% last year. This growth was led by another quarter of outperformance from West Elm with a comp growth of 17.5%, strong acceleration across our Pottery Barn brands, including Pottery Barn, at a 4.2% comp, solid growth from our emerging brands, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham had another quarter almost 9% growth from our international operations. 
 Gross margin for the second quarter was 35.4% versus 36.5% last year. Gross margin was impacted by higher shipping costs, which are primarily driven by a larger mix of furniture sales, the incremental impact of the implementation of the List 3 China tariffs as well as a growing share of our business coming from franchise and trade, which is dilutive to the gross margin but accretive to the operating margin. This was partially offset by another quarter of occupancy leverage of approximately 50 basis points, which resulted from our ongoing retail optimization initiatives and the corresponding benefits we see from reduced rent and other occupancy-related costs. 
 Occupancy costs increased 3.5% or $6 million to $176.8 million compared to $170.8 million at last year, primarily reflecting the timing of depreciation and other occupancy-related costs as well as the rent associated with our new West Elm West Coast DC. 
 SG&A for the second quarter was 28.5% this year versus 29.7% last year. The 120 basis point leverage across employment, advertising and general expenses was driven by leverage from higher sales and the continued benefits of our cost savings initiatives across the business as well as our overall expense discipline. SG&A expense increased 3.2% or $12 million year-over-year to $390.7 million, primarily resulting from higher variable costs to support the top line results, including higher labor and digital advertising and credit card fees as well as an overall increase in performance-based incentive compensation resulting from our year-to-date outperformance. We are pleased to see that despite this increase in SG&A expense, we were able to generate record level SG&A leverage. This resulted in operating income growth of 8.9% over last year to $94 million and operating margin expansion of 10 basis points to 6.9%. 
 The effective income tax rate during the second quarter of 24% was relatively in line with last year's rate of 24.5%. And this resulted in bottom line diluted earnings per share of $0.87, which was $0.10 or 13% higher than last year. 
 On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with a cash balance of $120 million versus $175 million at last year. During the second quarter, we maintained our balanced capital allocation approach by investing $41 million in the business and returning nearly $77 million to stockholders through dividends and share repurchases, comprising approximately $39 million in dividends and $38 million in share repurchases. 
 Moving down the balance sheet. Merchandise inventories were $1,188,000,000 or an increase of 8% over last year, which includes the pull forward of inventory receipt associated with the List 4 China tariffs. As we had discussed last quarter, we had strategically planned to expedite these receipts to help mitigate the corresponding tariff impact, and therefore, we had expected our inventory levels to be higher. We are continuing to pull forward as much inventory as possible this quarter, which appears to be a good idea in light of the most recent tariff announcement. Remaining inventory growth was primarily driven by West Elm, one of our biggest growth initiatives, and Pottery Barn, where customer demand continues to shift to more dropship and custom-made product versus stock inventory. 
 Operationally, our inventory initiatives continue to drive significant improvements across all brands with back orders currently down more than 20% to last year and [ backwear ] trade rates at all-time lows, driving further cost efficiencies and an improved customer experience. 
 Now I would like to discuss our fiscal year 2019 guidance. Given our outperformance year-to-date and our growing confidence in the substantial growth engines that we are executing against, we are raising our fiscal 2019 full year guidance for the second time this year. This revised guidance includes raising our net revenues and our comparable brand revenue growth as well as our EPS and reflects the financial impact of all confirmed China tariffs, including List 4 tariffs and the recent increase to List 3 tariffs, both of which were not contemplated in our previous guidance. 
 As we outlined last year, we are executing on an aggressive tariff mitigation plan, which includes cost reductions from vendors, moving production out of China, cost savings in other areas of the business as well as selective price increases. We now expect net revenues to grow to a range of $5,740,000,000 to $5,900,000,000, an increase of approximately $60 million to $70 million from our previous guidance range. We expect comp growth to be in the range of 3% to 6% compared to our previous range of 2% to 5%, and we're also raising our diluted earnings per share by $0.05 on both the low and high end of the range to $4.60 to $4.80. 
 We are reiterating our commitment to maintain a balanced capital allocation strategy by utilizing our strong operating cash flow to first invest $200 million to $220 million in the business in those areas that will fuel our growth and provide the highest returns and returning excess cash to our stockholders in the form of share repurchases and dividend payments. 
 In closing, given the success we are seeing from our growth and operational initiatives and the momentum we continue to see in our business, combined with our market differentiators, including a multichannel shopping platform with an industry-leading e-commerce penetration, a portfolio of strong brands that serve a range of demographics and aesthetics, from vertically integrated supply chain from designed to manufacturing to in-home delivery and a winning culture distinguished by our unwavering focus on the customer, our deep commitment to quality and sustainability, a performance-driven mindset and an emphasis on strong financial discipline, we remain very confident that we are in a strong position to continue to take market share and to drive sustainable long-term shareholder returns. 
 I'd now like to open up the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question today from Kate McShane with Goldman Sachs. 
Katharine McShane: I wanted to follow up on some of the tariffs commentary, if that's okay. Julie, I wondered if you could quantify how much it did impact gross margins in the second quarter. And I think originally, you had said 15% of your COGS were exposed to Lists 1 through 3, but that was coming down. I wondered if you had an updated number in terms of what that represented today and how we should think about Q4 and how much that represents in COGS? 
Julie Whalen: Sure. Thanks for the question. As far as the quantification of how much was the tariff piece of the gross margin, I put it in order. We haven't quantified the exact or provided the exact basis point amount, but it's in order. So we started with the higher shipping cost, and then said that it was the tariff impact. What we have said about the total impact is that we are taking the amount that we're producing out of China and taking it down to half next year. We have not disclosed the total dollar impact of what this means to us, but obviously, it's material, and obviously continues to be a moving target. But given the strength of our underlying business and our proactive mitigation strategies that are clearly working and the fact that we are able to cover that cost within the P&L in the second quarter, obviously you still have margin expansion and the fact that we've now covered it within our future guidance gives us a lot of confidence in our ability to do that. 
 And so as we've said before, the fact that we have been executing on this tariff mitigation strategy and continuing to move product out of China, accelerating tariff-related receipts, driving incremental cost renegotiations, implementing select price increases and all of the material cost reductions that we're seeing with SG&A at 120 basis points leverage, we feel very confident in our ability to cover the impact of these going forward. 
Katharine McShane: Okay. Great. And if I could just follow up with one question on prices. I think you mentioned, too, that you did raise prices slightly because of the impact from tariffs. I just wondered in your guidance for the rest of the year, how much you're contemplating with regards to unit degradation as you had to increase some price. 
Laura Alber: Sure, Kate. It's Laura. When it comes to price increases, every brand, every category, every product is different. And what's reflected in our guidance is based on the extent of testing we've been doing on pricing, elasticity with our customers and also the cost savings we've identified in the P&L. And of course, we're doing everything else we can to protect our customers and not raise prices, including, as Julie went through, resourcing and renegotiating costs with our vendors and finding cost opportunities in other areas of the business. Because, as you know, our focus remains on providing the best value to our customer and we're always testing, we're always refining our pricing strategy. And the good news is we've been able to take select price increases because our value is so strong, and we've also, as Julie said, move products out. We've renegotiated with our current vendors, and we're also adding more value-oriented collections across the brand, which are going to allow us to continue to offer our customers top quality at the best value. 
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Michael Lasser with UBS. 
Michael Lasser: The last week, you probably had a plan in place that was going to influence what your guidance for the full year is, and then Friday, the new tariffs were announced. So what changed within your plan from last week prior to the announcement of the new tariff to today? 
Julie Whalen: Thanks for the question. This is Julie. Our guidance would have been higher is the short answer to that. So clearly, given the news that we got on Friday afternoon, it made us rethink about our guidance and the fact that we're committed to absorbing the List 4 tariffs and the List 3 tariffs going from 25% to 30%, now List 4 going to 15% , that made us rethink our guidance. But for those tariffs, it would have been much higher. 
Laura Alber: And I'd say that we're -- as much as there's a lot of macro uncertainty and we're well aware of what's going on the world, we're not seeing any weakness with our customer, with our brands. We're seeing very strong metrics across the board from traffic to the websites, new customer accounts and really strong reaction to our introductions and our big bet. So we don't want to be overly conservative either. We're seeing really strong results and we're very optimistic about the balance of the year. And let's hope that we get to a trade agreement that is a benefit and more upside. 
Michael Lasser: My follow-up question is, if you look within the Pottery Barn business, how much of the 4.2% comp has been driven by new product launches, some of the new concepts and how much is just business that had been in place for a long time? 
Laura Alber: I'd say that the big unifier in all the growth is furniture, both new and core. What's great about furniture is that once you find something that's working, it has a longer life than you do in fashion apparel, or even in textile. So it's really, it shows you that you have the same opportunity for quarters to come because you can build on the collections. And oftentimes, we'll bring in one piece of a collection and test the new finish, and then we bring in the whole suite. So that is a really good indicator of future business, and then we maximize it by adding to the collections. 
Operator: Next, we hear from Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. 
Joshua Kamboj: This is Josh Kamboj on for Simeon Gutman. Can you talk about the relationship between top line growth and maybe the inventory you bought ahead of time in the quarter like how much of the comp growth was tied to inventory purchases you made ahead of tariffs and did you find yourself needing to maybe promote a little bit more than usual to sell-through some of that? Or is that merch margin on those sales pretty healthy? 
Julie Whalen: No. So first of all, the inventory that we're talking about pulling forward is ahead of the List 4 tariffs. And so those would've been items that we sold in future quarters. So there was no need to take inventory that we pulled forward and sell through it quicker. In fact, from a gross margin perspective, if you back out a lot of the fairly -- so, a lot of big noise, but if you back out the noise associated with the shipping costs and the China tariffs and the higher franchise and trade volume that I went through in the prepared remarks, our merch margins were actually slightly up. So just to be clear, the gross margin decline has nothing to do with the fact that we had to get through a bunch of inventories. We feel the health of our inventory is pretty good. If you look at it from a 8% growth perspective, our top line growth grew 7.5, so it's in theory, 50 basis points above. But if you factor in the impact from the tariffs absolutely and then the impact from the tariffs we pulled forward, it's actually below our revenue growth. So that was not a driver of our gross margin results. 
Joshua Kamboj: All right. That's very helpful. And just a quick follow-up. Can you talk about the trajectory of Outward? How do you expect the top line bottom line growth to evolve in that segment and if it's still going to be consolidated into financials next year? And if so, it's been kind of run rating at a maybe 25% EPS headwind for the full year. Is that how we should think about modeling it next year? 
Julie Whalen: Obviously, we're not providing guidance for next year. But as far as what our plans are for the non-GAAP side of it, we will be rolling through the operational piece of it. You have to remember that within that non-GAAP number, however, is also the amortization of the acquisition costs, and that's a sizable piece of it. So I don't think you can take the run rate of what you're seeing from a non-GAAP perspective and assume that's going to roll through from that perspective because the amortization of the acquisition cost will continue for 2 more years since the operational piece that will come through. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Chuck Grom with Gordon Haskett. 
John Parke: This is actually John Parke on for Chuck. I guess given the 2Q gross margin performance, understanding that compares a little bit easier, how should we kind of think about gross margins here for the balance of the year? 
Julie Whalen: Well, as we've said before, we certainly don't give per se guidance like gross margin. But as we've said before, we do expect there to be continued pressure as we move throughout the year, particularly associated with the tariffs. Now obviously, it depends on the mix of the products that we sold, which ones are still on China, which ones have the relative negotiation we've had with those particular vendors. And so you'll see some pressure from that and certainly directionally with the fact that we've got a full quarter of the List 3 tariffs, the 25% moving to 30% and then the List 4 layered in. However, at the same time, what you will continue to see is incredible occupancy leverage. We've had one of the lowest occupancy rates we've had as we continue to optimize our occupancy cost. And as we committed to, we may have some geography play where you have pressure on gross margin, but we're making up for within SG&A. And you saw again that we have a second quarter row, some of the best SG&A leverage we've ever had and so we're committed to doing that going forward. 
John Parke: Got it. And then I guess, just how does, I guess, calendar shift impact sales in 2Q? and any way to parse out the headwinds here in the back half year? 
Julie Whalen: It wasn't material. It was a slight piece of the noncomp, call it 70 basis points. It wasn't material piece of it. In Q3, we don't expect it to be even as much as that. In Q4, obviously it will be a drag because that is the quarter where we have the 53rd week. And so you can do the math on that from to some degree on the $85 million that we committed to you or told you it was worth last year. You can do the math on it for the fourth quarter. On the year, the $85 million is worth 160 basis points. 
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Jonathan Matuszewski with Jefferies. 
Jonathan Matuszewski: I guess just to start off for West Elm, you mentioned expanding into product white space. Could you just elaborate on a few examples of new categories that could be contributing to some of that visible acceleration we saw this quarter? 
Laura Alber: Sure. Great question. We've extended into the bathroom area again. We have been in that business previously and we gotten out. And in fact, we've really had great response in all channels through our bath assortment, and we've just begun on that. We also continue to see opportunity to build on our children's business with the West Elm PBK collaboration which is, interestingly enough, driving almost equal amounts of volume, both in West Elm and PBK. And again, very -- just the beginning innings of that work. 
 And then the other area, older children dorm business, very important business and one that there's no one person really leading. We've had great results this quarter in Pottery Barn teen in our dorm business. But we also see opportunity because of the store base of West Elm to even better service that customer that is near a West Elm store. So those are some of the areas that we're building on. 
 I would say that the other things that's happening with West Elm is that we continue to see it really work in different parts of the world and different suburban and urban areas. And so diversity of scale and aesthetic becomes very important. And while the West Elm look is pretty original and people know when it's West Elm, the truth is there's a lot of the varieties within that in different ways to refresh your home with the brand. And as we expand on that, we're getting more customers, which is really exciting. 
 And the thing also to remember is that although it's doing this well, we think the runway is so much greater because the market awareness is so low still. So as we look at market awareness at only 20 now and you think about that versus the mature brand, you can do the math on why we are certain that this brand is very large. 
Jonathan Matuszewski: That's helpful. And leads into my next question. I guess I know that the partnership with Rent the Runway is still very early, but any comments there in terms of what you've been learning from that partnership and whether you'd be open to pursuing other alternative distribution channels for that brand or other brands? 
Laura Alber: Thanks. It's really too early to comment. I'd say that there's been tremendous customer interest in that, and we've had some great events with them and a lot more to come. And we're open to try new things and being where the customer wants us to be. and sustainability is really important to us. And so sometimes people don't want to buy things forever. They are moving often, and we're going to be there to serve them. 
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Oliver Wintermantel with Evercore ISI. 
Oliver Wintermantel: Julie, it's a follow-up question for what you described on your gross margin and SG&A leverage. So looking at the first half, we had leverage in operating margins. And you said there's continued pressure on gross margins to leverage on SG&A. But looking at your full year guidance, it looks like it's flat year-over-year. So should we expect the margins to be down in the second half? And is that more driven by more deleverage from gross margins or less leverage on SG&A? 
Julie Whalen: I think on the year, we've guided to essentially flat to last year, which could be higher. I mean we're seeing relatively in line with last year, so I wouldn't necessarily guide your op margin to be below last year. You will see pressure, as I said earlier, on the gross margin, and that should be offset with SG&A. And so we're still committed to delivering op margins that are flat or higher to last year. 
Oliver Wintermantel: Got it. And then the follow-up on working capital. That seems to be a bigger outflow this year in the first half on working capital than last year. So free cash flow was down in the first half. Can you help us with the flow-through for the rest of the year maybe on working capital or free cash flow? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. That's primarily associated with accounts payable, and it's really due to timing. We had elevated levels at year-end in comparison to the prior year. So when you compare it to the Q2 year-to-date, it's just distorted it. And so it's all timing, and so you should see that come back in the back half. I wouldn't read anything more into it. 
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Bobby Griffin with Raymond James. 
Robert Griffin: Congrats on a good revenue quarter. First, I just wanted to unpack a little bit more detail about the price increases. When you look across your portfolio, maybe just on average, what is the ultimate price increase the consumer is seeing from the tariffs? Is it mid-single digits? High single digits or low double digits? Anything to help us frame what the consumer might be seeing. 
Laura Alber: It's not even close to that. 
Robert Griffin: So it's like low single digits when you translate all the impact from Lists 1 through 3 in? And then would it maybe move a little bit higher with List 4? 
Laura Alber: Yes. Remember, it's not -- every season, we bring in a lot of newness. And so it's not the same product necessarily. And there's also different value equations as I said earlier, but it's not a material change in pricing. It's one that we feel very comfortable with. And the most important thing, as I said earlier, is to make sure that an item by item basis, the value equation is still better than anyone else, including when you add the shipping in. And that's how we think about it. So it's not -- to do any averages on this wouldn't be appropriate. 
Robert Griffin: Okay. And then is it possible given that it's such a -- that it's not as meaningful as maybe some of us would have thought originally that there really may not be that much unit degradation? Or have you seen any change in unit volumes really at all? 
Laura Alber: That's an interesting question. We haven't seen material degradation, no, in unit selling based on these slight price increases. 
Robert Griffin: Okay. And then lastly for me for me is just a further-out type question. When you look at the long-run revenue targets of mid- to high single-digit revenue growth, how does new store growth start to play into that after you get through some of the closings here? 
Laura Alber: On the stores, we have seen very strong results from our new stores and our relos. I mean the relos have been really materially incremental. And the West Elm stores have been better than planned, as I said earlier, and we still haven't even really started to open Rejuv stores. Not to say that, that's our focus, but retail is really the motor around our business. And we are a direct-to-consumer company with a retail motor. That's where I want you to think about it. And whenever we open a store, we see awareness go up, it gives them confidence in buying online, and it's a great ecosystem. We're also really working with the lifestyle centers to open in these great new centers where people can just park their car, maybe go grocery shopping and come into our stores. And that's really exciting new, kind of real estate strategy for us and to think about in the future. 
Operator: Brad Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets has our next question. 
Bradley Thomas: Good quarter. Wanted to ask about SG&A. It's been very well controlled the last few quarters here. And I guess as you all think about the business the next few years, is this low single-digit growth rate something that you think is sustainable and would be enough to plant enough seeds to continue to drive the long-term financial targets you're outlining because it's really been some impressive control here these last few quarters? 
Julie Whalen: I mean, yes. Obviously, we're not giving guidance for the outyears on the SG&A line, but it's certainly something that we are very focused on, and we've demonstrated that we've been able to do. And the good part is that it's across multiple lines. It's not one particular line that we've been working towards. So in particular this quarter, last quarter, we've seen incredible leverage on employment. Even though it's a sensitive subject, we have the reduction of force in Q1, and that has really helped us and that will continue to help us with the lower employment costs. We've already lapped some of the higher hourly wages. Some of that will come back, but we've lapped a big piece of the higher hourly wages that we needed to. And so that's helping drive leverage as well. And then from an advertising perspective, we're continuing to shift more advertising dollars away from catalog into digital advertising that is much more efficient. And so we think that's an opportunity to continue to do that. Maybe Felix, do you want to talk a little bit more about that. 
Felix Carbullido: Yes. I think as Julie said, we will continue to find higher-performing marketing vehicles. And our growth in our customer base is in line with the sales growth we reported for the quarter. And I think even though we're getting more efficient with our marketing spend, what gives us confidence is that we began the year with a record-high number of actives. And for the past 2 quarters, we continue to grow on top of that base, resulting in an all-time high as we head into the back half of the year. So we're very excited about the customer growth and the momentum it gives us for the next 2 quarters and for the years ahead. 
Bradley Thomas: That's very helpful. And if I could ask a follow-up on trends in Williams-Sonoma. That business becomes seasonally more important when you get into the fourth quarter. I was hoping you could give us an early look on maybe what you could do to try to drive positive comps in that brand in 4Q. 
Laura Alber: Sure. I -- we obviously recognize how important it is in Q4, and so we've been going through everything that we have in place to ensure that we have the big buys on the right stuff. And I think really important thing that will allow us to even further differentiate us is to really return to more content messaging and more recipes and experience in our stores, but also digitally and to really take the next step in digital reinvention about how we really expand our food education of our customers, which is the thing that the brand has always been famous for. And so we have some really nice launches coming up. We're seeing good early bites on, and we are going to continue to reduce our promotional activity. We've done a good job reducing clearance in the stores. We're also going to continue to exit these stores that are not performing as well, which is a good thing to do, and we have some closures at the end of the year that, as we talked about, are coming up. So that's going to give us more leverage on the occupancy. But really, the growth here is going to be online. And so we're going to continue to focus on the PIP,, the conversions, content storytelling, our messaging to our customers. And we believe that, that's going to drive improve business, not just long term, but in the back half. 
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer. 
Brian Nagel: Nice quarter. So a question, right?  Is part of the strategy, you're continuing to tweak your store base?  So as this occurs -- or these efforts occur, any update on the sales recapture rate as you're shedding stores and presumably helping to drive those sales through other stores or your e-commerce effort? 
Laura Alber: There is some, but it's not as material as I'd like it to be, honestly. What it does is, it helps make that neighboring store even more profitable, but you're not picking up the whole thing and nor do we need to because in some cases, those sales are not profitable anyway. 
Brian Nagel: Okay. Okay. 
Laura Alber: Did that answer your question? 
Brian Nagel: I get it. I get it. Because I know in the past, other retailers have talked about specific number, but it sounds like that's not really how you... 
Laura Alber: It kind of depends. So for example, if you're in a store market where the store is 15 minutes away, you're going to get more pickup than if the store is 45 minutes away. So we have models that tell us exactly on that store how much we pick up. And generally speaking, we're doing better than those models. But it can be anywhere from 5% to 25%, depending. But it's certainly not in the 75% ranges. I wish. 
Brian Nagel: Got it. And then a second question, a bigger picture. You and others are talking about tariffs and the efforts you -- with your vendors to mitigate the impact in price. Have you considered -- as you think about the balance of this year, what impact -- again, it's obviously very fluid with tariffs, but what impact does tariffs could have on the consumer broadly? And with your business being discretionary in nature, could that be some type of sale -- a bigger sales headwind? 
Laura Alber: I'm not seeing that. I mean the customer -- we're in the business of home. And people is our biggest asset. And they've shown us that it continues to be the thing they value the most. And home prices are still up. We've seen the good numbers. We've seen the good customer confidence numbers. And we're continuing to take share from really the mom-and-pops, the retail people who had all these little stores. In our business, 50% comes from all these small players and 80% of whole industry is actually done at retail. So we're one of those special disruptors who's going to be able to benefit from that disruption from retail to online. And the advantage we have -- actually, it's funny, the advantage we have is that were a great online player, but we also have these retail stores to give the customer the confidence about the quality and allows them to go visit things somewhere near them so they can buy a whole home full of furniture. So we're actually -- I actually see the future as really in our favor as people shop more and more online and we take share from all these mom-and-pop, on the street people who - people who are not shopping with us much anymore. 
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Marni Shapiro with Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: Congrats on a great quarter. Can you give us a little bit of an update on the international business? You have some exposure in the U.K., and I know with Brexit, things have been a little up and down there; and then just in Australia. And then could you also give us a little guidance about furniture is going very well and has been for quite a while. And you talked quite a bit about moving furniture back to the U.S. and things like that. Can you just talk about where the company stands today as far as furniture production here versus China versus other countries in general? 
Laura Alber: Sure. Our total international business continued to show strength. Our -- we see a lot of strength in Canada, actually, in our franchise business, and our franchise business continues to accelerate in the same -- on a same-store basis. And that's despite a challenging business environment across the globe. And as you know, we're going into one of the biggest markets. We're so excited to go into India. And our U.K. business is solid. Our Australia business is probably the weakest, honestly, but they were able to continue to reduce costs as we change our operating model there. So that is a good thing, too. And we are, in general, very optimistic about our ability to really grow in these international markets and do it profitably. 
 As it relates to furniture, we are always looking for the best quality and the best place to make things. And as we've said before, the shipping costs overseas on upholstery offsets the labor increase in America. And so you're able -- we're able to move a lot here and we've been doing it for a long time. It also gives us the ability to do more made-to-order. And we've opened another location in Tupelo, and we already need more space. So we're going to continue to grow here carefully, and we're making a beautiful product with great value for the customer. And clearly, through the sales, they recognize it. 
 We have not moved case goods. Our case goods are in many places, but mostly Vietnam now and China. And we have a lot of flexibility there with double sourced and triple sourced many of our products in our case pieces, but that continues to be overseas, with the exception of some Rejuvenation and Williams-Sonoma Home product that we make domestically. 
Marni Shapiro: And as you guys have moved stuff out of China to place like Vietnam and other countries, have you been able to get the same kind of efficiencies and product quality and shipping? Because China is a very mature manufacturing market and the others are fairly mature but not quite the same level. Are you finding that it's been a fairly seamless transition? 
Laura Alber: I mean, I say -- I don't want to make it sound too seamless because our teams have worked so hard to get there. It's not pleasant. I'd rather be working on other things, but they have done a beautiful job. And we're not having any quality degradation. We're not seeing any disruption in shipments. The vendors are great. They've been our partners, and our team was amazing. 
Operator: We'll move on to Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. 
Seth Basham: My question is a follow-up. Laura, you mentioned that you haven't seen any material degradation in the unit space on the slight price increases that you're taking because of tariffs. In your guidance, are you planning for any unit demand pressure in the second half? And if so, how much? 
Laura Alber: Let me understand your question a little bit more. For some reason, it was muffled. Did you say am I planning for demand degradation? 
Seth Basham: Yes. Any demand -- unit demand decline because of price increases in the second half in your guidance? 
Laura Alber: Absolutely not. No. 
Seth Basham: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then secondly -- I'm sorry, did you want to say something. 
Laura Alber: No.  No. I just want to make sure I'm getting your question right. 
Seth Basham: Sure.  And then secondly, Julie, in recent quarters, you talked about trends in product margin. Can you give us some color on how much product margin declined this quarter and confirming the outlook is for declines in product margin in the back half of the year? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. So what I did say is that if you take out the impact from the higher shipping costs, then obviously the China tariffs, which is relatively new, especially going to 25% this quarter, and the impact from the higher franchise and trade volume, the pure merch margins, the health of the business of what we're selling the product at, if you will, is up slightly. And that's how I qualified it. 
Seth Basham: Okay. In that context, how that compared to the first quarter of the year? 
Julie Whalen: It's relatively similar. And obviously,, it will ebb and flow as it moves to the back half. But certainly, we're holding that level of merch margin, which makes us feel really great about our promotional strategy and the fact that it's working. And we're being more thoughtful about how we're promoting products and being more relevant and personalized with our marketing strategy. So we feel good about it. 
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Cristina Fernndez with Telsey Advisory Group. 
Cristina Fernandez: I had a big-picture question. You have a lot of initiative to drive the accelerated comp at West Elm and Pottery Barn, whether it's product marketing, improvement to the website. If you were to rank these initiatives, how would you feel about their contribution to the comp? 
Laura Alber: The contribution to the comp? You mean this quarter? 
Cristina Fernandez: Yes. The acceleration you're seeing this quarter. 
Laura Alber: Yes, I mean we -- you can see that comps in PB and West Elm were -- PB was even better than we expected. West Elm was also better than we expected. I would say the other thing that's embedded that you can't see that we can see is how material this Business-to-Business is to us. And I'll say that out loud. It drove almost a full comp point Business-to-Business this quarter, and that's all incremental. It's an accelerator. It makes me think about what -- how much more can we add in the future because we're still only sort of gathering, we're not hunting yet. We're taking calls in, and we're not ready yet to go get them. And so can you imagine if we're driving almost a full comp point now in Business-to-Business, what that could be worth. We said that -- we laid out a strategy in the beginning of the year, and we talked about West Elm, cross-brand initiatives, Pottery Barn restored to growth. We're delivering in all of them. And in some cases, they are bigger than we thought. So that's what gives us a lot of confidence in the future beyond one quarter, but really in the future. 
Cristina Fernandez: And as it relates to the cost savings that you've been able to pull out of SG&A, how should we think about the incremental cost saving to offset the List 4 tariffs versus what you've done for List 3? And what areas are those coming from? 
Julie Whalen: We should expect them to continue, quite frankly, in all lines. But remember that it's not just an absolute increase from the fact we're adding List 3 and List 4. We're still proactively addressing those costs themselves. So whether it's again, continuing with the resourcing of the product out of China or going back and getting -- being more aggressive with negotiations, I mean, with the devaluation of yuan certainly, we've opened up the door again with our vendors to say, "Hey, how about some more money please?" And they've been great about it. And so we're attacking it from every angle, and so it's not just an SG&A play that we need to do. But I have absolute confidence in our ability to continue with our cost-cutting initiatives and drive up for the back half of the year. 
Laura Alber: We're actually -- think of it this way. We've identified a lot of things, and we have some cost savings, but some things are just in the works that haven't yielded the cost savings yet. And you may remember, I think it was a quarter ago that we talked about this big bucket that we call indirect vendor savings, which are all the other non-product vendors. And we've actually pulled that altogether with a team specifically dedicated to cutting costs, renegotiating, doing things differently to be an additional offset to tariffs. And so that does come in the form of SG&A, but it is real as a vendor savings that comes from a product vendor. 
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Anthony Chukumba with Loop Capital Markets. 
Anthony Chukumba: So I'll keep this quick given that it's just under the wire. I just wanted to talk a little bit about or delve a little bit more into West Elm. And I know you talked a little bit about this in response to one of your earlier questions. But you just saw such a nice sequential comp acceleration there including on a two-year's back basis -- actually a little bit better on a two-year's back basis. I was just wondering if you could just talk a little bit more about what specifically is driving that. I know you talked about the new product introductions, line extensions, e-commerce, sounds like B2B. But if you can just give us a little bit more color on that, that would be great. 
Laura Alber: Sure. I mean you do have the list right. So thank you for recapping that. But our Q2 performance was strong across the board, success in all of our key growth strategies. Our design in values leadership is probably the most important thing about this brand. It's very accessible to people, and the design, the product quality is great. And we're one of the few people you can do the whole home. I mean, it's not just a single chair that's well-priced that you can find if you're hunting on-site on the Internet. This is a full lifestyle brand. As I said earlier, we expand it into new product white space like the bath. We enhanced our strategies, our digital strategies to drive new customer acquisition, which is working. And we had growth across all of our channels, new stores and including B2B. 
 But really, the biggest growth is the notable acceleration in our e-commerce performance, which continues to really climb and feed on itself. And that is not just because of all things I had mentioned earlier, but because of the technology advancements we're making online and all the testing and experimentation we're doing across all of our brands to put the best experience online for our customers. And so it's been a big priority this year to double down on West Elm, give it more resources, give it more attention from all of us. We have a great team in place, and they are really executing. 
Operator: That will conclude today's question-and-answer session. I will now turn the conference over to Laura Alber, CEO, for any additional or closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: Thank you, you guys. I really appreciate all the questions today and your support, and I look forward to talking to you again soon. 
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Elise Wang, Vice President of Investor Relations, to discuss the non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking statements. Please go ahead. 
Elise Wang: Thank you. Good afternoon. This call should be considered in conjunction with the press release that we issued earlier today. Unless indicated otherwise, our discussion today will relate to results and guidance based on certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and our explanation of why the non-GAAP financial measures may be useful are discussed in Exhibit 1 of our press release.
 This call also contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which address the financial conditions, result of operations, business initiatives, trends, guidance, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2019 and beyond and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company's current press release and SEC filings, including the most recent 10-K, for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call.
 I will now turn the conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer. 
Laura Alber: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me are Julie Whalen, our Chief Financial Officer; Felix Carbullido, our Chief Marketing Officer; and Yasir Anwar, our Chief Technology Officer.
 We had a strong start to 2019 with comp revenue growth of 3.5%, operating margin expansion of 70 basis points and EPS growth of 21%. Customer acquisition and engagement continue to grow as we delivered more compelling and differentiated experiences to our customers. We also reached a significant milestone for our company as we were named, for the first time, to the Fortune 500 largest companies in the United States. This accomplishment speaks to the hard work and dedication of all of our associates, the ongoing support of our loyal customers and the power of our highly differentiated platform in driving long-term profitable growth.
 Given our strong start to the year and the strength we are seeing early in the second quarter, we are raising our full year EPS guidance by $0.05. This raise reflects the momentum across our business and our confidence in the substantial growth engines we are executing against. Our financial performance this quarter demonstrates the exciting progress we have made across the business to accelerate growth and improve profitability.
 Our cross-brand initiatives continue to build as an important source of revenue growth and customer acquisition. Our cross-brand customer spend on average 4x more than single-brand customers, but they currently account for only 30% of our total customer base. This gives us runway to drive incremental revenues as we continue to unlock the power of our unique, multi-brand, multi-channel platform.
 The Key Rewards is one of our most valuable and fastest-growing assets. Since the launch of this loyalty program 2 years ago, total membership has grown to 5.5 million. Key members currently spend on average 3x more than nonmembers with 2x higher purchase frequency and 3x more likely to shop across multiple brands. They also drive a significant lift in sales as Key members typically spend over 5x the value of their rewards. We will introduce new cross-brand marketing initiatives, broad-reaching gamification, easier reward redemptions and enhanced mobile and desktop capabilities to accelerate customer enrollment and realize the full potential of this program. We will also leverage The Key to raise brand awareness and drive more personalized content to our customers.
 Our Design Crew Room Planner also continues to gain traction. Total rooms created increased more than 40% over the first quarter to 60,000 as we doubled our product coverage across the Pottery Barn, West Elm and Williams-Sonoma Home brands and enhanced the user experience with more accurate and intuitive design features. Upcoming in Q2 and Q3, we'll be launching the Room Planner in our Pottery Barn children's businesses. We believe 3D visualization will completely redefine how our customers shop for the home and we're excited to be at the forefront of this industry shift with these 3D-powered tools that are transforming the shopping experience for our customers.
 I would now like to talk about our newest division, Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Business to Business. We are thrilled with the progress that our team has already made, including our new partnership with the Golden State Warriors. As we jointly announced earlier today with the Warriors, we've been named the Official Furniture and Home Design Partner of the Golden State Warriors, 6-time and hopefully 7-time back-to-back NBA Champion. This is a marquee opportunity and an unparalleled launching pad for our Business to Business division in the United States as well as internationally. 
 We're even more encouraged that this is just one example of the strategic relationships we are currently pursuing across industry verticals as we expand our B2B business. Company-wide, we've been putting in place the organizational infrastructure to support this growth in Business to Business. We've built a cross-brand, cross-functional support team and are now establishing standardized processes to facilitate large-scale contract projects. We are also restructuring our customer support to a regionally focused project management model that's tailored to the B2B client.
 To raise industry awareness for this nascent business, we're in the process of launching our WSI Business to Business brand, starting with the recent Hospitality Design Expo, which debuted our newest cross-brand, contract-grade product, including West Elm's Chroma restaurant table collection. In addition to trade show participation, we're implementing a multifaceted marketing plan that includes collaboration with top-tier industry publications and sponsorship of contract product design competitions.
 Another key highlight of the quarter was the ongoing improvements in customer experience. For example, we've completed the launch of our machine learning search engine across all brands. Powered by algorithms, this new engine allows us to provide customers with more relevant and personalized search results, which will progressively improve with more data over time. So far, this new capability has already driven notable lift in search conversions. To deliver a faster and more compelling mobile experience, we improved our mobile site speed within search, [ hits ] and home page through enhancements to our new progressive web app platform. We've also expanded our integration of customer-generated content from Instagram to our mobile product information pages to drive more inspiration and product discovery.
 Another milestone was the launch of our in-house technology, test lab. This is a game-changer for our innovation agenda as it will enable us to experiment with new ideas and emerging technologies at scale and quickly determine our go-forward strategy. Technology innovation is a key accelerator of our growth, and we believe that this is a foundational capability that will significantly transform our digital experience.
 In the supply chain, order visibility and operational improvements remain 2 of our top priorities. This quarter, we successfully completed the migration of our order management and fulfillment capabilities to a new platform for all brands. This will enable faster and more efficient order processing and tracking as we continue to improve the customer experience. We've also fully redesigned our order tracking capability to give customers and our internal teams a more accurate and granular view of their orders. This capability allows us to offer order visibility of up to 13 milestones compared to the industry standard of 5 through the order placement, fulfillment shipment and delivery journey. While still early days in this, we are already seeing this increased visibility resulting in a 30% reduction in order tracking-related calls at our customer care center.
 Another area of operational improvement was the productivity rates in our nonfurniture operations, which increased 10% as a result of improved processes, leading to labor savings and lower returns/replacement rates. In our furniture operations, we are proud to see the accuracy of our delivery date estimates further improve and our in-home delivery service rating reached 4.86 out of 5, the highest we've seen since the inception of the measurement program 2 years ago.
 All these improvements in supply chain have enhanced customer satisfaction and delivered cost savings that contributed to our higher operating margin this quarter. As we said at the beginning of the year, we've identified significant cost savings across our business to help offset the financial impact of potential tariffs. But of course, we are not done. We have more initiatives planned to further elevate our customer experience. One of the key upcoming opportunities is the opening of our West Elm West Coast DC in the second quarter. This new DC will help us further improve our delivery times and reduce our operating costs in the western region.
 The benefits of all these cross-brand technology and operational initiatives powered our brand performance this quarter. West Elm, our fastest-growing brand, continues to deliver on our aggressive road map of $3 billion with comp growth accelerating to 11.8%. This growth was driven by strong e-commerce and broad-based strength across product categories, particularly in made-to-order upholstery and key customer acquisition categories of textile and decorative accessory. Also our new West Elm stores are outperforming our expectations.
 We also saw growth from Pottery Barn where furniture continues to outperform and our outdoor business showed early momentum when we are heading into summer and now is continuing to grow as we are underway into the summer season. Pottery Barn Kids and Teen delivered another quarter of growth with particular strength in the baby business, an important entry point to the brand.
 Our emerging brands, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham, continue to expand their product offer and the new stores in Rejuvenation are also performing above our expectations. Our global business is strong as our team works towards a successful launch of our brand in India next year.
 Regarding the Williams-Sonoma brand, although we knew we are up against a tough comp of 5.6% last year, we expected our performance to be better than what we delivered. Easter came late in the quarter and did not perform to our expectations. This negatively impacted both the top line and margin performance of the brand. We also continued to reduce our promotional activity, particularly in Williams-Sonoma Home. As we look forward to the rest of the year, Williams-Sonoma will continue to undergo a transformation to balance the brand's top line with improved profitability. We are focused on increasing exclusive product offerings and more effective content as well as reducing promotions and less productive inventory to drive incremental revenue growth and improve margins.
 Before I conclude, I want to provide you also with an update on our sustainability commitments, which are becoming increasingly important to our customers and are key pillars of our growth. In Q1, we are proud to achieve a milestone of 100% GREENGUARD Gold certification for nursery furniture and seating in Pottery Barn Kids, while Rejuvenation announced a landfill diversion partnership with Habitat for Humanity as well as its commitment to offering only textiles that are sustainably sourced and made from organic fibers. It's important to us that we are making a difference in the world through the products that we put in people's homes. This is a key reason why customers choose us over our competitors. I encourage you to take a deeper look at the progress we are making in areas such as worker well-being and our supply chain, GREENGUARD's certification of our furniture and sustainable sourcing of cottons and FSC-certified wood in our upcoming annual CSR report.
 As we look to the balance of the year, we believe we are uniquely positioned to capture the significant opportunities we see in the home furnishings industry. We'll continue to build on our strong momentum to achieve our goal of maximizing growth and drive profitability across our portfolio of brands. 
 Before I pass it over to Julie, I'd also like to thank all of our associates for the strong start to the year. And with that, I will turn the call over to Julie for a financial review of the first quarter and an update to our fiscal year 2019 guidance. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon, everyone.
 Our strong first quarter results reflect the momentum we are seeing across our key business initiatives to drive long-term growth and profitability. We were pleased to see solid top line growth, combined with product margin expansion, occupancy and overall expense leverage, resulting in operating margin expansion and EPS growth in excess of 20%.
 During the first quarter, on the top line, we generated net revenues of $1.241 billion for a year-over-year growth of 3.2%. And comparable brand revenues sequentially accelerated to 3.5% on top of a strong comparison of 5.5% last year. The key drivers of this revenue growth include West Elm delivering accelerated comps of 11.8% on top of a 9% comp last year, the Pottery Barn brand returning to a positive comp at 1.5% and our emerging brands combined delivering another quarter of double-digit growth.
 From a profitability standpoint, we delivered operating income of $87.1 million, which grew 15.8% over last year and resulted in 70 basis points of operating margin expansion to 7% versus a 6.3% last year. The key components of this improvement in profitability were product margin expansion and occupancy leverage within gross margin as well as overall strong SG&A leverage.
 Gross margin for the first quarter was 35.9% versus 36% last year. Higher shipping costs, which was primarily driven by a larger mix of furniture sales, was almost completely offset by the benefits we saw from product margin expansion and another quarter of strong occupancy leverage. Our product margin expansion reflects our emphasis on relevancy and inspiration rather than broad-based promotions as well as the ongoing success we are seeing across our supply chain initiatives, which continue to drive efficiencies.
 Occupancy costs remained flat to last year at approximately $173 million, improving 40 basis points year-over-year to 14%. This was primarily a result of our ongoing retail optimization initiatives, including the closure of unproductive stores and the corresponding benefits we see from reduced rent and other occupancy-related costs.
 SG&A for the first quarter was 28.9% this year versus 29.7% last year. This 80 basis point leverage across advertising, employment and general expenses reflect the benefits of the cost savings initiatives we've implemented across the business and our overall expense discipline.
 The effective income tax rate during the first quarter was 24%, which was relatively in line with last year's rate of 23.8%. This resulted in bottom line diluted earnings per share of $0.81, which was $0.14 or 21% higher than last year.
 On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with a cash balance of $108 million versus $290 million last year. In the first quarter, we invested $36 million in the business and returned over $70 million to stockholders through dividend and share repurchases, comprising $37 million in dividends and $34 million in share repurchases.
 Moving down the balance sheet. Merchandise inventories were $1.155 billion or an increase of 9.7% over last year. This was primarily driven by inventory in transit and not yet received at our distribution centers. Inventory on hand and available-for-sale increased 2.3%. The overall growth in inventory was primarily driven by West Elm and Pottery Barn and reflects the timing of shipments, a mix shift in customer demand for more dropship and custom-made product compared to stock inventory as well as the cost increases associated with the previously identified List 3 10% China tariffs already in place. And although total inventory growth this quarter was higher than revenue growth, it does help alleviate some pressure from the recent List 3 tariff increase from 10% to 25%. 
 Operationally, we are encouraged to see continued improvement from all of our inventory initiatives, driving reduced back orders and back order create rates at all-time lows. In the short term, we expect inventory to remain at these levels as we expedite inventory to help offset the potential impact of the List 4 tariffs. However, we anticipate that inventory growth will be back in line with sales growth by the end of the year.
 Additionally, as a reminder, during the quarter, we also implemented the new lease accounting standard, which requires all leases with terms greater than 12 months to be capitalized on the balance sheet. This resulted in net increase of approximately $1.2 billion to our assets and liabilities and no impact to our income statement.
 Before we discuss our full year guidance, I wanted to make a couple of comments regarding the China tariffs in light of the most recent developments. As you know, we gave full year 2019 guidance with the assumption that the List 3 10% China tariffs would increase to 25%. And unfortunately, our pessimism turned out to be true. But as we told you, we have been executing on an aggressive plan to offset the financial impact of these tariffs since last year. We have moved a substantial amount of our production out of China and we are offsetting the remaining impact through cost renegotiations, selective price increases and cost reductions in other areas of our business. It's not an easy thing to do, but given our vertically integrated, multicountry supply chain and our trusted long-standing relationships with our vendors, we believe we are better positioned to do so than most. 
 As a reminder, what was not contemplated in the guidance given at the beginning of the year was the potential implementation of tariffs on the expanded list of all products imported from China or List 4 proposed by the USTR in mid-May. We are underway with our initiatives to mitigate the impact of these potential additional tariffs, including expediting inventory in advance of a potential implementation. Given our strong start to the year as well as to the second quarter, we are pleased to be raising our full year diluted EPS guidance by $0.05 from the range of $4.50 to $4.70 to $4.55 to $4.75. We are reiterating all other financial guidance given at the beginning of the year.
 For the fiscal year 2019, we expect net revenues to be in the range of $5.670 billion to $5.840 billion with comparable brand revenue growth in the range of 2% to 5%. Our operating income is expected to grow relatively in line with our revenue growth, resulting in an operating margin relatively in line with fiscal year 2018. We are also reiterating our commitment to maintaining a balanced capital allocation strategy in fiscal year 2019. We plan to utilize our strong operating cash flow to first invest $200 million to $220 million in the business in those areas that will fuel our growth and provide the highest returns, and we remain committed to returning excess cash to our stockholders in the form of share repurchases and dividend payments.
 In summary, we are excited about our strong start to 2019 and the momentum we are seeing from the execution of our growth and operational initiatives. This gives us the confidence that with our clear road map for accelerated growth and improved profitability that we laid out at the beginning of the year, together with our competitive strengths, including a portfolio of loved brands, a truly industry-leading, multi-channel shopping experience, a multi-country, vertically integrated supply chain that gives us flexibility on sourcing and control over quality, sustainability and cost, our strong operating cash flow and balance sheet and our proven track record of strong financial discipline, we are well positioned to achieve our financial targets for 2019 and longer term.
 I would now like to open up the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to Jonathan Matuszewski with Jefferies. 
Jonathan Matuszewski: First one just on West Elm. Really impressive trend here, ongoing strength in the concept. And last quarter, you alluded to the brand finding more traction in more suburban areas, branching out beyond kind of urban cities. So do -- would you consider this to be one of the notable kind of drivers of the comp trend lately? And how does this kind of trend you're seeing make you think differently about the total addressable market for West Elm ahead? 
Laura Alber: Thanks for the question. Yes. West Elm continues to outperform across channels and across geographies, including internationally, and it really is a very powerful global design brand. And the product, I think, is very relevant right now in terms of diversity of looks and also small spaces. The quality and sustainability part of the equation, I think, are very important to our customers. And we have a lot of innovation so we keep -- as much as people have tried to copy what we're doing, we're continuing to be bold in our designs and moving forward, and we're seeing customer acquisition numbers grow and new categories of business grow. And our new collaboration with Pottery Barn Kids, the Pottery Barn Kids, West Elm baby collaboration has been also very successful. So we're well on our way to our aggressive road map to reach $3 billion and we're starting the year off strong. 
Jonathan Matuszewski: Great. And then just a follow-up with regards to tariffs. It sounds like you've had a lot of success in terms of redirecting orders with vendors and cost negotiations. Could you just update us on your thoughts on pricing philosophy? Any changes as you look to pursue a changed architecture in the face of elevated tariffs? And how do you view the pricing elasticity across your product portfolio? 
Laura Alber: Tariffs are obviously disruptive over the short term, but we are hopeful that the trade talks between the United States and China will continue productively and something positive will come out of it over the long term. In the meantime, as you said, we are executing on an aggressive plan to help mitigate the impact of the tariffs already in effect. And we've also started working on this potential of even more products being tariffed in the future. We've already moved a substantial amount of our products out of China. And as Julie said, we're offsetting the remaining impact across renegotiations, selective price increases and as you can see in this quarter, a lot of cost reductions across the company.
 In terms of price increases, value to our customers is extremely important. And they are looking to us for great products, quality that lasts, sustainability and a very good price. So we've been working hard across our brands to introduce more opening price point at great quality, so for example, in Williams-Sonoma Open Kitchen, in Pottery Barn, the apartment products that we've introduced. And we've also just been looking at how do we sharpen up our prices in total. And we have enough innovation that we have new products, new bestsellers coming in all the time. So at the same time that there is pricing pressure, we've also done a -- we've made a big effort to bring in a lower-priced product at the same time. So we don't believe our value equation will be hurt by selective price increases. 
Operator: We'll go next to Chuck Grom with Gordon Haskett. 
Andrew Minora: It's Andrew on for Chuck. I had a quick question first on EBIT margin outlook for the year. You guys are keeping it at flat year-over-year for the full year. Obviously, you had a strong quarter this quarter just with some leverage on that line. I'm just wondering if there's any puts and takes you guys could help us think about the remainder of the year where there may be some giveback. Or is this just staying a little bit conservative because it's early in the year? Anything on that would be helpful. 
Julie Whalen: Sure. I mean at this point, to your point, it is early in the year. So we are being conservative. Obviously, as Laura mentioned as well, List 4 tariffs are looming out there. But ex either one of those, the fundamental strength of our business and the strong start to the year is what allowed us to raise the $0.05 on the year today. And if we didn't have any of those other uncertainties out there, we'd even be higher. So I would not be concerned about where we think the op margin is going to be. Obviously, it's early in the year and we are confident in where our op margin will land at least relatively in line with last year. 
Andrew Minora: No. That makes a lot of sense. And then on the comp, just kind of like a 2-part question, but like where was that relative to your internal expectations? Like I know you've mentioned that Sonoma was a little bit worse than you guys would have hoped for in the quarter, but I guess overall? And then if you could talk about it, if you could parse it out for us like some of the self-help drivers that maybe helped drive the strong comp year-over-year? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. So I mean obviously we aren't giving guidance on a quarterly basis, but we gave directional guidance and I'm assuming that's what you're alluding to at the time of our last call. And really, what happened is since the time we gave the directional guidance, the back half of the first quarter was really strong, particularly in the home furnishings brands. And so we were really pleased to get to a solid 3.5% comp. And as we said -- or as we both said in our prepared remarks, with West Elm accelerating to 11.8% on top of a 9% last year and Pottery Barn returning to positive growth at a 1.5% and our emerging brands combined growing double digits along with global growing 9%, when all of that happens, it really drives a solid comp. And that, combined with the product margin expansion that we had at the same time and the fact that we had flat occupancy costs, really allowed us to leverage the entire P&L and come through with a very strong solid Q1. But it really was back half-weighted. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Steve Forbes with Guggenheim Securities. 
Stephen Kovalsky: This is Stephen Kovalsky on for Steve today. So I wanted to start with the first quarter expense performance. Maybe just expand on where you're seeing the greatest strength there. And then if you could maybe also expand on the employee-related expenses, be it severance and reorganization charges, how we should think of those moving out through the rest of the year? 
Julie Whalen: Sure, yes. As far as the leverage we saw within SG&A, we are really pleased to see that. As Laura mentioned, this is everything to do with the fact that we are delivering our cost savings initiatives. And the 80 basis points of leverage was really honestly across the board. It was in advertising. It was employment. It was general expenses. I mean just about every single line, we have been aggressively pursuing these cost savings initiatives and we're really pleased to see those come in so quickly. 
Stephen Kovalsky: Great. And then as a follow-up, so with the Design Room Crew Planner (sic) [ Design Crew Room Planner ], could you guys give us some insight maybe into the conversion rates? And then also what percentage of those are being utilized across brands? 
Laura Alber: Yes. I'm going to pass it over to Yasir to talk about the Room Planner. 
Yasir Anwar: Thanks for the question. So as Laura mentioned, we are seeing significant improvement in engagement as we continuously tune and tweak the experience to remove friction and helping the customers to design their rooms. And actually an entire home, you can do it today. So that is happening and 40% increase since we launched in the number of room plans that have been created by our associates and our designers. We're trying to create a bridge between our designers and the end customer so they can design whatever they can and they can pass it on to the experts who can finish it off or give them even more better experience there.
 In terms of conversion, I think there is an improvement in conversion. We are also counting on return rate reduction, but I don't think I can share it today. I think we want to give it a little bit more runway. Maybe perhaps next time, we would have numbers for you to define actual conversion numbers. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Christopher Horvers with JPMorgan. 
Tami Zakaria: This is Tami Zakaria on for Chris Horvers. So we had a modeling question. Can you talk about how the week shift played out in 1Q? And in the fourth quarter, you indicated you were going to compare weeks 1 to 13 this year to the weeks of 2 to 14 from last year. Is that right? And what was the revenue shift impact to reconcile the top line to comps? And similarly, how does that shift affect sales for the rest of the year? 
Julie Whalen: We haven't provided that much detail on it except to say that all year long, there is going to be a 1-week shift. The revenue growth has not been adjusted. Comps obviously have been adjusted. So the comps are adjusted back to the same week in the prior year, but the revenue growth has not, which is why you see the revenue growth is below the comp growth this quarter. It's at 3.2% versus 3.5%. And that is predominantly due to the shift from the 53rd week. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Peter Benedict with Baird. 
Justin Kleber: It's Justin Kleber on for Pete. Just wanted to follow up on an earlier question as it relates to those employment-related expenses that you call out in your non-GAAP reconciliation. Like where are you in terms of these reorganization efforts? Because it looks like these expenses have been recurring for over a year now. And what type of positions, I guess, are you eliminating? 
Julie Whalen: So the reduction in force that you're alluding to, as far as the severance that you're seeing come through in the non-GAAP, was a pretty sizable reduction in force that we did. Obviously, it's a very sensitive subject, so we're going to be thoughtful about how we talk about it. It's not something that we like to do, but sometimes it's something that we have to do in order to have the cost savings necessary to run the business and mitigate things like the tariffs. Where a lot of the reductions came out of was in management, in retail management and at corporate HQs. And they haven't been that often. This is something that's been every other year for different categories, but this one was pretty unique in that it was really centered around management. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Michael Lasser with UBS. 
Michael Lasser: It's on the guidance. So you beat the -- at least the printed expectation by $0.12. You raised the guidance for the year by $0.05 and many of the components of the guidance were the same. Can you give us a little bit more detail on it on what's changed? And then two, how have you factored in the tariff impact into the guidance? 
Julie Whalen: As far as your first question, the different components of the guidance stayed the same. I mean the reality is our Q1 came in at a 3.5% comp, which is the exact center of our 2% to 5% comp in the full year. Our EPS came in at 21% growth rate with 70 basis points of op margin expansion. So obviously, we saw more leverage from the P&L side of things and so that's why you're seeing it flow through to the EPS side. As I said on an earlier question, we obviously are also being thoughtful of the fact that it's early in the year and then there is some potential impact of List 4 tariffs that was not contemplated in our original guidance. And so we're being thoughtful about that as far as raising any further on the year, but that's how the guidance raise was thought through.
 As far as the tariffs, the List 3 -- and hopefully everybody knows this, List 3 and List 4, but the List 3 tariffs going from 10% to 25% was something we contemplated and something we told you on the last call that we did -- have covered within our guidance, and that is still true. List 4, we do not. And so we are aggressively working on that like we have before with the prior list and are doing everything we can to help mitigate that now ahead of that even going in. For example, as I mentioned with inventory, we are accelerating the shipping of inventory to get ahead of the potential of the increase to 25%. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Oliver Wintermantel with Evercore ISI. 
Oliver Wintermantel: I'm going back to the tariffs. Can you give us some more details on what percent of your COGS is on List 3? And if you would expand it to all Chinese imports, how much percent of COGS would be on the list? 
Julie Whalen: We haven't disclosed that. I mean obviously, the numbers are constantly moving and we're working very hard to resource a lot of the product out of China. And so in fact, we're planning to resource almost half, bring down half of what we do today by next year. And so it's considerably going down. I mean that, combined with the cost renegotiations, has really brought it down, but we haven't disclosed the actual number. 
Operator: We'll go next to Brad Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Bradley Thomas: Good quarter here. I wanted to ask about the Pottery Barn brand. As we've been following it during the last quarter, it appeared that you were less promotional in the brand and so encouraging to see the sales where they were with what appeared to be less promotions. I guess for one, can you talk about the balance of promotions in that brand, the success you're having? And then with West Elm now your second-biggest brand, can you talk a little bit about the interplay between West Elm and Pottery Barn and how you balance that? 
Laura Alber: Sure thing. We were pleased to see the re-acceleration this quarter and also saw the net be similar to the demand, which is important to us. And as you know, Pottery Barn is a powerful, highly profitable brand and it's been a proven platform by which to grow incremental businesses, and the latest 2 being Pottery Barn Apartment and Marketplace, which is -- both -- which are both scaling very quickly and they are both contributing incremental revenues and attracting new customers. Demand was also strong for our special order upholstery, the majority of which is made in our proprietary Sutter Street Manufacturing in Hickory, North Carolina.
 And we expect these trends to continue. As I said earlier, we're seeing nice response to our outdoor furniture. And we've also been working through our inventory optimization efforts to reduce the amount of clearance, which we've done successfully and, therefore, running less promotions in those clearance buckets, which helps margin. 
Operator: We'll go next to Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer. 
Brian Nagel: Nice quarter. So I've wanted to focus on the top line. And I'll keep it to one question or maybe as well as few parts into it. But first off, if you could discuss a bit maybe the trend in sales through the quarter. I think you had mentioned that Williams-Sonoma tracked -- that Williams-Sonoma corp tracked within your expectation. How did the overall business track through the quarter? Any further explanation on the underlying drivers of the pickup in the Pottery Barn brand? And then also there's been chatter out there with some of your competitors regarding sales weakness in states where, I guess, the SALT tax adjustment was a factor. Are you seeing that at all in your business? 
Julie Whalen: As far as the cadence of the sale, typically we don't comment on that. I mean the only thing I'll reiterate is what I said earlier. It's that obviously since we gave the directional guidance, we saw more strength particularly in our home furnishings brands in the back half of the quarter. As far as the states where we have the SALT tax, we haven't seen any sort of disproportionate reaction to that at all. 
Laura Alber: Also I want to go back. I don't think I fully answered the question about the West Elm and Pottery Barn interaction that was asked. And it's interesting because we've really studied that over and over. We've actually found that the 2 help each other and that we haven't seen cannibalization either at retail or online. In fact, they both refer and drive traffic to each other. And this is a big advantage, I believe strongly because of our portfolio of brands. 
 And we're using more and more the cross-brand's power to drive business between brands. And you'll see us do even more of that. We do that with Key. We do that with the Room Planner where you can shop across brands. And you're even -- if you're looking very carefully, you'll notice when you a search category, we serve products from the other brands at the end of each category. So if you don't find the bed you're looking for in Pottery Barn, we will say, "Not finding what you're looking for?" And we'll hotlink them to West Elm. So we actually are seeing the 2 be very symbiotic and additive. And as you know, it also really helps us with our costs to have the outbound furniture going together to zip codes. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go next to Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets. 
Beth Reed Pricoli: This is Beth Reed on for Scot. Just wanted to ask about shipping fees. Can you give us just an update on how you're thinking about these fees? Perhaps some color on the number of promotional days versus last year, how that's trended, how you kind of plan for that to trend going forward? And then lastly, if you could give any color on to what extent you're able to cover your costs of shipping? 
Laura Alber: There's no material change in shipping day promotions. Shipping is different for us than a lot of others because we do white-glove in home versus door drop on our large-scale furniture. And we do cover our costs there and you see that we do charge money on shipping. And we see shipping on the same amount of products is another just part of the whole profitability. And the customer looks at total price of product with both the retail plus the shipping together when they make a purchasing decision. And our goal is to have the best product, the most sustainable product with the best price. 
Operator: And we'll go next to Cristina Fernndez will Telsey Advisory Group. 
Cristina Fernandez: I wanted to go back to your comment around shifting about half of the exposure from China to other countries. Can you share where you're moving that manufacturing to? I heard some of it is coming back to the U.S. And how does that impact your cost structure going forward? 
Laura Alber: Sure, yes. So as you've heard me say, I'm so proud that we've opened our third Sutter Street facility in Tupelo and moving a lot of production there. We also have moved production to Vietnam, to Indonesia, to Thailand and to Cambodia. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Curtis Nagle with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Curtis Nagle: I just wanted to quickly focus again on, I guess, the expectations for some of the adjustments that have been going through. How should we think about the rest of the year? On a dollar basis, would they be kind of in line with this quarter or perhaps lower? 
Julie Whalen: I'm assuming you're talking about the non-GAAP adjustments. And if that's the case, as I alluded to on our last call, the outward impact would be continuing throughout the year. Obviously, there'll be one-off things that can happen that I'm not aware of at this moment similar to -- or that haven't been implemented similar to the reduction in force, but from what I know of today, that would be what would continue. 
Operator: And we'll go next to Sumit Sharma with Berenberg Capital Markets. 
Sumit Sharma: Related to your gross margin, I think you mentioned that the occupancy leverage kind of offset higher shipping expenses. So I was just wondering how much of room or leverage do you have in this line. And if you could add a little more color as to the kind of discussions you are having with your landlords. Is it just lower asking rents? Or are there other structures that reduce the net effective rent or term of the lease? Any kind of insight you could provide would be great. 
Julie Whalen: Okay. So from an occupancy perspective, yes, we're really pleased to see how much we're able to leverage that. As I mentioned, we are holding our occupancy costs in line with last year, which is pretty phenomenal, and obviously drives a lot of that leverage that you're seeing, the 40 basis points. We also did have product margin expansion and the combination of those 2 are what offset effectively the shipping costs.
 From an occupancy cost perspective going forward and what are the sorts of things that we're seeing, it's really -- it's the reduction in rents and all the rent-related costs that are coming with it. It's also with the fact that we're holding our capital investments relatively flat and so the depreciation that comes in with those that hits within occupancy has not been expanding. And so that's what enabled us to maintain that going forward.
 As far as the store closures, I don't know, Laura, you want to take that? 
Laura Alber: Yes. Sure. I think it's a very interesting time for all of us as we continue to see more and more store closures being announced with the potential of more tariffs putting even more pressure on retailers, but we see this as an opportunity for strong brands like ours to strengthen our partnership with landlords and great centers. And as you know, retail is a very important part of our multi-channel model. Our stores, our experience centers for our customers, they drive brand awareness and customer acquisition. And we're going to continue to enhance our retail experience in existing stores and selectively invest in new stores for West Elm, which have been outperforming. And that said, we're also going to be closing underproductive stores and stores that we don't need in underperforming markets. We have 250 stores that are coming up for lease renewal in the next 3 years, and that is a lot to look at. We're looking for the best outcome and we imagine this will continue to provide us with occupancy leverage. 
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to management for any additional or closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: Well, thank you so much for joining us. I hope you're all going to watch the game tonight. And I look forward to talking to you again next quarter. 
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-03-20 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma Inc. Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Elise Wang, Vice President of Investor Relations, to discuss non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking statements. Please go ahead. 
Elise Wang: Thank you. Good afternoon. This call should be considered in conjunction with the press release that we issued earlier today. Our discussion today will relate to results and guidance based on certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and our explanation of why the non-GAAP financial measures may be useful are discussed in Exhibit 1 of our press release.
 This call also contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which address the financial conditions, results of operations, business initiatives, trends, guidance, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2019 and beyond, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause certain actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company's current press release and SEC filings, including the most recent 10-K, for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call.
 I will now turn the conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer. 
Laura Alber: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me are Julie Whalen, our Chief Financial Officer; Felix Carbullido, our Chief Marketing Officer; and Yasir Anwar, our Chief Technology Officer.
 2018 was a strong year for our business. We outperformed revenue and EPS expectations while making important investments in our business that sets us up for accelerated long-term growth. For 2019 and beyond, our goal is to maximize growth and maintain high profitability. And we have several substantial growth engines that we'll be aggressively prioritizing, including West Elm, our newly launched Business to Business offering; our emerging brands Williams-Sonoma Home, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham; as well as growth in our largest brand, Pottery Barn and our namesake brand, Williams-Sonoma. We'll also continue to improve the customer experience through technology innovation and supply chain optimization. We believe superior customer service is oxygen for growth.
 We built over time a vertically-integrated supply chain and a unique platform to launch and scale new brands and businesses. These are unparalleled advantages, which will enable us to deliver mid- to high single-digit revenue growth and margin stability for the long term.
 Before I discuss our growth opportunities for the years ahead, I would like to highlight some of our accomplishments in 2018 and the powerful foundation that we will continue to build upon for future growth. In 2018, we delivered revenue growth of 7.1% and comp brand revenue growth of 3.7%, the highest in 4 years and driven by positive comp growth in all brands. Growth in Pottery Barn accelerated from last year driven by outperformance in the e-commerce business and break-out growth in new businesses, Marketplace and Pottery Barn Apartment as well as strong upholstery growth.
 Q4 comp was below our expectation due to a softer gift business in December. And while we filled the backorders that were delayed from last quarter, net comp continued to lag demand due to a 50% increase in dropship sales and the rapid expansion of our Marketplace business, both of which take longer to fulfill. The Pottery Barn Kids and Teen business substantially improved from last year, delivering a combined comp of 2.8%. And our Baby business continues to gain momentum at up 15% attracting new customers at the entry point to our brand and through registry creations.
 West Elm had another outstanding year of double-digit growth driven by strong e-commerce performance and continued strength in the core furniture business. The Williams-Sonoma brand delivered comp growth of 1.7%, with the fourth quarter comp dipping to 0.1%, largely due to a reduction in promotional activity as we reduced inventories and continued to refine the balance between top line growth and profitability for the brand. Our emerging brands, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham, continued to scale with double-digit growth and increasing profitability.
 Company-wide full year EPS grew 24% to $4.46, which is significantly above the high end of our guidance. For the fourth quarter, our top line and EPS also outperformed expectations, growing 9.3% and 25%, respectively. Even more encouraging is our double-digit new customer growth, which reached a 3-year high in 2018. This reflects the success of our strategy to increase customer acquisition and fuel our future growth.
 Across the business, you can see examples of how we are delivering more compelling experiences for our customers. As part of our strategic priority of digital leadership, we've significantly enhanced the e-commerce experience through 2 differentiators: content and convenience. In the last year, we updated our shop path with more accurate and engaging concept that is inspirational and drives conversion. We also materially enhanced our product information pages with a focus on product quality and reasons to buy. To provide our customers with omnichannel convenience, we launched buy online, pick up in store in our brands and are in the process of scaling other fulfillment capabilities such as buy online, ship to store and buy online, ship from store. As a result, our e-commerce revenue growth almost doubled in 2018 to 10.8%. And with over 54% of our business conducted online, we are among the top 25 Internet retailers in North America.
 We are also unlocking the power of our unique platform through cross-brand initiatives that strengthen our position as the high-design, high-quality, sustainable resource for all home furnishings, cooking and entertaining needs. In 2018, we continued to scale our loyalty program, The Key, and our complementary design service, Design Crew. The Key membership has grown nearly 6x over the past year, significantly exceeding our goals. In addition to increasing customer engagement and brand loyalty, we've also seen a significant lift in sales as loyalty members typically spend over 5x the value of their rewards.
 We also launched 2 new initiatives during the year, Design Crew Room Planner and The One Registry Collective, both of which are enabling a more personalized and convenient shopping experience for our customers. Since the launch, we've seen over 42,000 rooms created by the Room Planner and an increase of 290 basis points in total registry value.
 In the supply chain, we continue to drive operational improvements, which led to a particularly successful peak season in 2018. In our nonfurniture business, our order consolidation efforts and continued improvement in DC productivity enabled us to significantly lower our cartons for order and order to delivery time so that our customers receive their orders faster this holiday season and with less waste. Our home delivery service rating also improved from 4.77 to 4.85 out of 5 in the year. As I said in the beginning, the supply chain is critical to customer experience, and we're headed into 2019 with clear momentum. We are seeing less customer issues than we've had in the past, more on-time deliveries and fewer returns.
 And lastly, we are proud to be recognized once again by Barron's for all of our sustainable -- sustainability efforts across the business. At a ranking of #24, we are the only company in our industry to be among the financial publication's annual list of 100 Most Sustainable U.S. Companies.
 With all the progress that we made across our business in 2018, we are now in a position to accelerate our growth. Over the next few years, we'll focus on brands and businesses that target white space in the market, we will drive cross-brand initiatives that leverage our unique platform and we'll bring technology, innovation and continued improvements and customer experience.
 We believe West Elm is our biggest growth opportunity, and we're getting even more aggressive. We believe we can grow this brand to almost $3 billion in global revenue within the next 5 years. Customers continue to respond to the brand's aesthetics, scale and price points domestically and abroad, reinforcing West Elm's potential to capture significantly more share.
 We are positioning West Elm to appeal to a broader customer base through data that helps to identify new market opportunities and drive product and marketing initiatives. We will drive more brand awareness through content-led marketing that focuses on brand differentiation as well as the addition of more stores where economics are favorable.
 Our product introductions we targeted at growing incremental new businesses while expanding existing categories that have shown strong growth potential. Globally, we'll be aggressively expanding our presence in new markets like China, India and Western Europe and in existing markets such as the U.K. and Canada.
 Second, we are launching a new business division called Williams-Sonoma Inc. Business to Business. We believe we have the potential to drive $2 billion in annual revenues with this nascent growth opportunity. The business-to-business market is $80 billion, and we are uniquely positioned to gain share given our unique platform and product differentiation. We have new leadership to spearhead this division and an aggressive road map for expansion in both contract and trade businesses and across 8 target industry verticals.
 To support the division's rapid growth, we will refine cross-functional processes to target the unique needs of business-to-business clients, transition our customer service towards project management and reduce friction in the business to improve our win rate across brands. We are currently in discussion with a number of Fortune 500 companies, and we are securing strong interest for our offering.
 This new initiative is yet another example of how we are unlocking the power of our multichannel, multi-brand platform, a core competitive advantage that allows us to add and scale new businesses quickly and successfully. Over the past year, we have seen our cross-brand initiatives such as The Key, Design Crew and the One Registry become incremental growth drivers for all of our brands. We will continue to build on their momentum and explore new platform plays that augment our existing business.
 Our third growth engine is emerging brands led by Williams-Sonoma Home. Sustainable luxury home furnishings is another market where we believe we can take substantially more share. With new leadership, we have revitalized our brand strategy to achieve accelerated growth in the years ahead. We will pivot our product and marketing strategies to appeal to a more relaxed, modern, chic way of living. We will broaden our product aesthetic as well as add more size and scale. Growth will primarily be driven by the higher-margin DTC business, and we will showcase small impactful footprints in our best performing stores. We'll improve the digital experience with engaging content that communicates the brand's unique design, quality and sustainability. We'll also offer more room planning tools that inspire and improve product discoverability.
 We also see sizable growth from other emerging brands. Rejuvenation remains on track to be our next $0.5 billion multichannel brand. We'll continue to scale the brand with double-digit growth over the next few years. We are focused on solidifying the brand's leadership in the high-quality lighting and hardware market while curating offerings in utility and furniture to complete the home.
 Mark and Graham is also gaining momentum and on the path to be the premier online gifting destination for personalized products. We will lead with timeless quality product in core categories of women's and men's accessories, travel and tech solutions and incremental growth categories of wedding, baby and pets, driven by innovation, collaboration and leveraging our enhanced personalization capabilities.
 Let's not forget that our established brands remain powerful businesses that will continue to drive substantial revenues and earnings for our company. Pottery Barn is our largest brand and a highly profitable business. Pottery Barn is a proven platform for launching and scaling new businesses such as Marketplace and Pottery Barn Apartment, which are key components of the brand's growth strategy in the future. To support the growth of our Marketplace business, our global sourcing team will focus on improving the dropship experience with improved on-time delivery through vendor rationalization, dedicated order tracking and more rigor around vendor accountability.
 We will also expand our Pottery Barn Apartment collection with a broader assortment of products, and our core categories will partner with our vendors to innovate and create well-designed functional products at affordable price points and develop assortments in adjacent underserved rooms that complete the home. And to drive e-commerce growth, we'll amplify our content-led digital storytelling at every touch point in the customer journey and introduce more product visualization tools to increase the customers' confidence to buy.
 Our Pottery Barn Kids and Teen division is also positioned for improved performance. As the leader in well-designed, high-quality children's home furnishing, we will continue to diversify our product assortment and aesthetic, especially in our Baby business, to acquire new customers in the increasingly millennial-driven target demographic. We'll be more aggressive in marketing our commitments to GreenGuard-certified healthy furniture, fair trade and responsibly-sourced cotton. We believe this is a differentiator for our brand and one of increasing importance to today's consumer. As the brand is predominantly digitally-driven, we are focused on improving conversion on our site, prioritizing enhancements in content search and checkout, all with a mobile-first mindset.
 We also see opportunity to improve shareholder value with our strategy in the Williams-Sonoma brand. Williams-Sonoma will undergo a significant transformation over the next few years. In addition to Williams-Sonoma Home, growth in our Kitchen business will be driven by significant expansion of our exclusive private label businesses, Williams-Sonoma branded products and the Open Kitchen line.
 For Williams-Sonoma branded products, we will focus on key categories such as cookware, electrics and tools. While in Open Kitchen, we will place a much greater emphasis on marketing and product assortment, and we believe we can triple the size of this business annually.
 We will continue to drive a higher penetration of the digital business, our most profitable channel, including the expansion of our e-commerce-only offering with more product breadth across tabletop and food. We'll also be more aggressive in monetizing Williams-Sonoma's extensive repository of food, cooking and decorating content through subscription-based services. In the next year, we'll be [ operating ] curated bundles of recipes, including those exclusively developed by our Test Kitchen, as a paid service on our website as well as on our soon-to-be relaunched Williams-Sonoma Recipes app.
 Underpinning the success of these growth initiatives is, of course, customer experience. Over the next few years, our technology strategy will be centered upon improving the customer experience across the supply chain, e-commerce and stores. We will leverage emerging technology to transform the supply chain, including machine learning, optimization of the logistics network and robotics and automation to reduce our reliance on labor. We will continue to strive for e-commerce excellence and market share gains through more relevant and friction-free experiences. We will implement machine learning-driven merchandising, search and site recommendations and introduce personalized connected customer journeys across digital touch points.
 To better leverage our multichannel platform, we are focused on delivering the ultimate omnichannel convenience through improved order predictability and transparency and the continued expansion of our omnichannel fulfillment capability. In addition to technology innovation, our supply chain is critical to the customer experience. In our industry today, no one is delivering furniture as successfully as they should be. And while we know that we've made substantial progress, we have a lot more opportunities to improve customer experience.
 Over the next few years, we will reduce our order-to-ship lead times in our domestic manufacturing facilities by 30%, and we're targeting lower total returns by 15% through improved customer communication and order visibility. In our furniture operations in Q2 of this year, we are investing in a separate West Elm West Coast DC to support the accelerated growth strategy we have planned for West Elm and to improve the delivery times in our other brands, which have been negatively impacted by the capacity constraints in our West Coast DC. We will also leverage technology improvements, such as self-service and POS delivery scheduling, real-time order tracking and concierge program automation, to increase order visibility and on-time delivery to the customer.
 In our nonfurniture business, we'll be investing in automated packing and batch processing to reduce order processing time and increase processing capacity. This will also reduce labor and other operating costs in our DCs. Our multiyear transition to one inventory is on plan, and it will help support the rapid convergence of our retail and e-commerce businesses in today's channel-agnostic environment. It will enable us to optimize inventory levels by DC and be more accurate with our promises to our customers.
 These supply chain initiatives will also enable us to reduce costs through lower replacements, returns and damages, reduced escalations to the call center, lower out-of-market shipping costs, reduced backorders and backorder crate rates. We intend to reinvest these savings into growth initiatives that will drive our long-term success.
 As we look to 2019 and beyond, we are at an exciting juncture. We've made the important investments in our business, and now we have the foundation and the road map to drive long-term accelerated growth. We are passionate about the business we are in, serving our customers with shared values of quality, safety and sustainability, and we are relentless in maximizing growth and maintaining high profitability.
 Now before I turn the call over to Julie, we want to thank all of our associates for making 2018 the strong year that it was. Their motivation and commitment to serve our customers every day is truly our secret sauce.
 I'll now turn the call over to Julie to review our 2018 financial results and guidance for 2019. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon, everyone. We delivered another quarter of solid results on both the top and bottom line, once again demonstrating our ability to execute against our growth and operational initiatives while maintaining strong financial discipline.
 Before I discuss in more detail our fourth quarter financial results, I would like to first highlight our financial accomplishments for the full year. As a reminder, our results include the financial impact from a 53rd week that added approximately $85 million in net revenues and approximately $0.10 in earnings per share to the fourth quarter and the year. Our results also include the financial impact from a new revenue recognition standard that we adopted at the beginning of the year, which primarily reclasses other income from SG&A into net revenues and impacts the timing of our revenue recognition for certain merchandise shipped to our customers.
 For fiscal year 2018, we delivered net revenues of $5.7 billion, growing 7.1% over last year. Comparable brand revenues grew 3.7%, which was an acceleration of 50 basis points from fiscal year 2017, and was our highest comp in several years. Growth was driven by both channels. Retail revenues grew 3% despite a decline in nationwide retail traffic. And e-commerce revenues almost doubled their growth to 10.8%, reaching a record high of 54.3% of total revenues.
 By brand, we saw positive comps across all brands this year, with the Pottery Barn brand accelerating 150 basis points from the prior year. Pottery Barn maintained its momentum with a comp of 1.2%, increasing 20 basis points over last year. Our Pottery Barn Kids and Teen business return to a positive comp this year of 2.8% versus a negative 1.7% last year. The Williams-Sonoma brand drove a 1.7% comp on top of a 3.2% comp in fiscal year 2017. West Elm continued its accelerated growth trajectory with their ninth consecutive year of double-digit growth and another year of strong revenue comps of 9.5%.
 Our emerging businesses, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham, delivered another year of double-digit comp growth of 17.4% on top of 24.5% last year. And in our global operations, we delivered almost $350 million in total revenues, including double-digit growth in our company-owned operations.
 From an earnings perspective, we generated operating income of $483 million at an operating margin of 8.5%, which includes the reinvestment of a portion of this year's tax savings primarily into higher hourly wages and digital advertising. This resulted in earnings per share of $4.46, growing almost 24% over last year and significantly outperforming the high end of our fiscal year 2018 guidance.
 And these earnings allowed us to further increase our return on invested capital this year to almost 19%, which was significantly above the industry average. We also delivered another year of robust operating cash flow of almost $600 million, which allowed us to provide incremental returns to shareholders, including a 50% increase in our share repurchases and a 10% increase in our quarterly dividend. As a result, combined, we returned approximately $436 million to our shareholders this year for an increase of 32% over last year.
 Now I would like to review our fourth quarter results. In the fourth quarter, we generated net revenues of $1,836,000,000 for a year-over-year growth of 9.3% and comparable brand revenue growth of 2.4% on top of the 5.4% comp last year. By channel, revenue growth accelerated in the e-commerce channel to 14.2%, and the retail channel delivered revenue growth of 3.9%.
 Moving down the income statement. Gross margin for the fourth quarter was 38.7% versus 38.5% last year. Occupancy cost of $181 million versus $177 million last year leveraged 70 basis points during the fourth quarter. The 20 basis points of gross margin leverage was primarily driven by occupancy leverage that was partially offset by lower selling margins, which included higher year-over-year merchandise margins being offset by increased shipping cost from higher UPS shipping rates and a larger mix of furniture sales versus last year, which is more expensive to ship.
 SG&A for the fourth quarter was 26.9% this year versus 26.1% last year. This 80 basis point deleverage was primarily associated with the negative impact from the new revenue recognition standard. Employment deleverage from higher year-over-year performance-based incentive compensation as well as the impact from the reinvestment of our tax savings into higher hourly wages was offset by advertising leverage during the quarter. This resulted in an operating margin for the fourth quarter of 11.9%.
 By channel, the operating margin in the e-commerce channel was 21.7% this year versus 22% last year. Gross margin leverage from higher year-over-year merchandise margins partially offset by higher shipping cost was more than offset by SG&A deleverage. SG&A was negatively impacted from the new revenue recognition standard, which was partially offset by advertising and employment leverage.
 The operating margin in the retail channel was 14.6% this year versus 15.6% last year. The 100 basis point decline was driven by SG&A deleverage from the negative impact associated with the new revenue recognition standard, employment deleverage resulting from the year-over-year impact from the partial reinvestment of our tax savings into higher hourly wages as well as gross margin deleverage from lower selling margins, partially offset by occupancy leverage.
 Corporate unallocated expenses in the fourth quarter as a percentage of net revenues were flat to last year at 6.6%. Higher year-over-year performance-based incentive compensation was offset by occupancy leverage. The effective income tax rate during the fourth quarter was 21.6% this year compared to 31.6% last year. This lower tax rate mainly reflects the impact of the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which primarily resulted in a substantially reduced federal tax rate. This resulted in diluted earnings per share of $2.10, which was $0.42 or 25% over last year and significantly above the high end of our guidance at $1.99.
 On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with a cash balance of $339 million versus $390 million last year. We generated $406 million in operating cash flow during the fourth quarter, which we utilized to invest $62 million in the business and returned capital to shareholders in the amount of $110 million through share repurchases of approximately $75 million and dividend payments of approximately $35 million.
 Moving down the balance sheet. Merchandise inventories were $1,125,000,000 for an increase of 6% over last year. This growth was substantially below revenue growth and was primarily driven by inventory in transit and not yet received at our distribution centers. Inventory on hand and available for sale decreased 0.8%. We are pleased that the ongoing success of our inventory initiatives across our brands allowed us to optimize our inventory levels even further.
 Before I discuss our 2019 guidance, I would like to draw your attention to 3 changes that will take effect in fiscal year 2019. First is the implementation of a new lease accounting standard, which requires all leases with terms greater than 12 months to be capitalized on the balance sheet. We expect that this will result in a net increase of approximately $1.2 billion to our assets and liabilities upon adoption of the standard in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019. We do not expect there will be any material impact to the income statement.
 Second, due to the rapid convergence of our retail and e-commerce businesses and the synergies that exist between the 2, we will no longer be reporting our financial results into separate segments. As we continue to evolve and adapt to this multichannel environment, our retail and e-commerce businesses have become more similar to, and dependent on, each other on both qualitative and qualitative (sic) [quantitative] ways. This decision reflects the culmination of business initiatives and corresponding operational changes that have been, and will continue to be, implemented in our business to meet our customers' increasing need for channel-agnostic convenience. As a result, beginning in fiscal 2019, we will be consolidating our financial results into one reportable segment and will continue to provide quarterly comps and annual revenues by brand as well as any additional disclosures necessary to understand the evolving dynamics of our business.
 Third, as noted in our press release, we are implementing a change in our guidance practice, beginning in fiscal 2019. Going forward, we will no longer be providing quarterly guidance and instead, we'll provide annual guidance along with the long-term financial outlook. We believe this approach is better aligned with the long-term view we take in managing the business and our focus on long-term shareholder value creation.
 Now I would like to discuss our fiscal year 2019 guidance as well as our longer-term outlook, which reflects our strategic vision for accelerated growth with sustained high profitability for the long term. For our annual fiscal year 2019 guidance, a 52-week year compared to fiscal 2018, a 53-week year, we expect net revenues to be in the range of $5,670,000,000 to $5,840,000,000, with comparable brand revenue growth in the range of 2% to 5%. We expect our full year comp to be back half-weighted given both the tougher compares for the first half of fiscal year '18 as well as our decision not to comp several promotions in the first half of last year as we continue to balanced margins with sales.
 Additionally, revenues in the first quarter may also be impacted by an Easter shift, with Easter now closer to the end of the quarter, as well as a 1-week calendar shift all year due to the 53rd week, which may cause revenue growth to fluctuate by quarter. Our comps have been adjusted for this shifted week. Our operating income is expected to grow relatively in line with our revenue growth, resulting in an operating margin in line with fiscal year 2018. Our effective tax rate on the year is projected to be in the range of 23% to 24%, and our diluted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $4.50 to $4.70. This reflects guidance that at the high end of the ranges results in top line, mid-single-digit revenue growth, operating margin stabilization and bottom line earnings per share growing faster than revenue growth.
 In terms of our fiscal year 2019 capital allocation strategy, we remain committed to a long-term balanced approach, utilizing our strong operating cash flow to first invest in the business to support our growth initiatives with capital expenditures expected to be within a range of $200 million to $220 million, and we plan to return excess cash to our shareholders.
 As far as our capital investments for fiscal year 2019, we remain focused on prioritizing those investments that support the strategic growth initiatives that Laura spoke to earlier and where we see sustainable long-term returns for our shareholders. As a result, our fiscal year 2019 capital investments are primarily focused on technology investments across our company to drive innovation, growth and an improved customer experience; investments in the further optimization of our supply chain to improve our competitive advantages and to maximize operational efficiencies; and investments in our retail fleet, particularly with new stores in the West Elm brand. We also expect to return excess cash to our shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividend payments.
 Based on our balanced capital allocation strategy, we announce today a double-digit dividend increase of 11.6% for a quarterly dividend payment of $0.48 per share and a share repurchase authorization increase of $500 million. This expanded authorization will not only allow us to continue to repurchase shares annually at a level to at least offset equity dilution but will also allow us to opportunistically increase our rate of share buybacks, if appropriate, just as we did in fiscal 2018. These decisions reflect our confidence and our ability to continue to generate long-term, sustainable revenue and earnings growth and strong operating cash flows as well as our commitment to maximizing returns to our shareholders.
 As far as our longer-term financial outlook, we expect to deliver mid- to high single-digit revenue growth, with operating income growth in line with revenue growth and driving operating margin stability. We expect EPS growth to exceed that of revenue growth. We also expect to continue to maintain an above-industry average return on invested capital to sustain strong operating cash flow and to provide a balanced capital allocation approach, optimizing returns to shareholders through strategic investments in the business, incremental share buybacks and increased dividend payouts. We believe this financial outlook reflects our commitment to deliver long-term shareholder value.
 In summary, 2018 was a year of solid financial and operational accomplishments, which included some important investments in our business that has set us up for accelerated long-term growth and profitability. As we look ahead to 2019, we are confident that with our competitive advantages, including our portfolio of strong brands that serve a range of demographics and aesthetics with proprietary high-quality and sustainably sourced products; our multicountry, vertically-integrated supply chain that gives us flexibility on sourcing and control over quality and cost; our multichannel shopping platform with an industry-leading e-commerce penetration; our strong operating cash flow and resilient balance sheet; and our proven track record of strong financial discipline, we have a unique foundation to support the successful execution of all of our growth and operational initiatives in 2019 and beyond and to deliver upon our financial commitments to drive long-term shareholder value.
 I would now like to open up the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll now take our first question from Oliver Wintermantel from Evercore ISI. 
Oliver Wintermantel: Laura, you mentioned your long-term guidance, right, so the mid- to high single-digit revenue growth, but margin is stable. Can you maybe explain what needs to happen to -- that we see margin expansion? I mean we've seen over the years, your top line is growing nicely, but then we have shipping costs, we have ad costs and all of that, so that margins are not growing. So with this longer-term guidance, what would have to happen that we see a margin expansions? 
Laura Alber: Sure. Thank you for the question, and thank you for the coverage. We -- I want to remind you, you might not be aware that last year -- or I'm sorry, in 2017, we made a big move to reduce our shipping income to be competitive. And we changed from a per item charge to flat rate, and it was a substantial hit to shipping. And we don't see the need to overhaul and make another change like that. In fact, we are looking at ways to take cost out of our network so that it's less expensive to ship. So that explains one of the reasons you saw that big hit in 2017. As far as the mix of the brands and also the channels, as I think you know, the DTC channel is more profitable. And as we continue to push the growth there, from a margin perspective, you see the benefit. We're also working to close underperforming stores. Over the next 3 years, we have over 1/3 of our stores up for renewal, and so we'll either get great favorable leases, or we'll leave. And that's going to be a substantial opportunity for us to reposition at a time where our -- the mall owners and landlords really want to have great brands like ours that drive traffic. And then, of course, with our business, growth leverages everything. And we have substantial growth initiatives that we have a clear view to. And I went through some of them before but West Elm, a very profitable business that we can really maximize and leverage our great designs across multiple geographies and also pushing to grow the customer base as we have done across DTC. We continue to see the brand really resonate both in urban and suburban markets and have options to really differentiate the aesthetic and the categories that we are in. We're also, you saw last week, we have growth opportunities in West Elm, with places like Rent the Runway. And there's all sorts of new ways to think about how we sell our products and participate in this new retail environment. So West Elm, although we've been talking about it for a while and telling you about the growth story, we're really refocusing our dollars towards pushing the growth faster in West Elm, which will inevitably drive margins. And then I mentioned earlier the new Business to Business division that we're efficiently naming and supporting so that we can drive growth across all of our brands, and we've been working to convert more of our product to contract-grade. And we are marketing these services and supporting the delivery in the way that businesses want them delivered, and that it's going to push a lot of leveraged growth because it's just leveraging what we're already doing. So we're quite excited about Business to Business. And then, of course, we talked about our emerging brands and the clear road map for growth in each of those. So it's a combination of cost reduction, otherwise known as customer enhancements, because a lot of cost is wasted when you don't deliver perfectly. And we're seeing great improvement there. We talked about one inventory being a big driver of better inventory optimization but then also the growth driving leverage on the base. 
Operator: We will now take our next question from Jonathan Matuszewski of Jefferies. 
Jonathan Matuszewski: I guess, just first off, on port congestion. I know that impacted results last quarter, contributed to the spread between reported and demand comps. What did you see on the port congestion front during fourth quarter? And do you see any issues still ingrained at this point? 
Julie Whalen: This is Julie. Yes, we did receive all the delayed goods from China. They did come in, in the fourth quarter, and all the customer orders were filled. As a result, we saw that our backorder rates, of course, significantly improved compared to last quarter, and we're seeing less customer issues than we've had in the past with more on-time deliveries and less damages, returns and replacements. So that issue regarding the China port slowdown is behind us. 
Jonathan Matuszewski: Great. And then just a quick follow-up for West Elm, I know you mentioned expanding some categories where you've seen historical strength and momentum and then maybe some new product introductions. Could you just elaborate there and keep us updated on what we can expect in stores in 2019 that's different from the past? 
Laura Alber: Sure, it's very exciting. They continue to really push and lead in design. And while the specifics are quite competitive, I'm really impressed with how this team is really innovating and building new products for the modern customer. So you're going to see a lot of innovation in core categories. And then also, as you just saw, we just relaunched bath to great success, and we're still just in the early stages of building out that business, as an example. 
Operator: We will now take our next question from Michael Lasser of UBS.
 Apologies, we will now take our next question from Curt Nagle of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Curtis Nagle: So just one. In terms of just the guide for next year, just curious if you could comment on what you guys have factored in for onetime items because I know you guys don't guide to GAAP. And then just as a follow-up, just kind of curious what your expectations are or, I guess, why the foray into Rent the Runway, it seems like at least an interesting opportunity. 
Julie Whalen: Yes, this is Julie. As far as the non-GAAP items go forward, I think we've said to you in the past that the outward costs that we're backing out, particularly associated with the transaction costs that are going to be amortized over multiple years, are going to be backed out for 2019. Those are the only things that we've identified at this point. 
Laura Alber: In terms of Rent the Runway, it's another example of a very interesting way to get into the consumer's house. We've seen success in clothing. And people, different life stages, sometimes don't want to buy things. They're going to rent them anyway. They're going to go to secondhand stores. And we see this as a really high-quality way to participate in that circular economy and give the customer what they want. And we know that when we get them early on or in a certain part of their life, we usually are able to keep them better than other retailers. So that's one -- just yet another example of how we're thinking about our business differently. No different than Business to Business where we look at the world and say, "Where else aren't we?" And we launched the Workspace in West Elm, it's been very successful, and we continue to push on contract. And everywhere that you see furniture, we want to be a part of it. And we believe that we can build a really sizable business in these different kinds of channels than we have before. 
Operator: We will now take our next question from Michael Lasser of UBS. 
Michael Lasser: You mentioned that you're being less promotional on the Williams-Sonoma brand. Is that in response to something you're seeing in the environment? And do you expect Williams-Sonoma to comp negative in the first half of the year? And then I have a follow-up. 
Laura Alber: We don't like negative comps any time of the year. Yes, so less promotional, we're reducing the amount of SKUs, unproductive SKUs in stores and being smarter about the inventory investments. And so you may not comp those sales that were less profitable. And as we've reduced inventory -- we're going to continue to reduce it, by the way, because we know it's the right thing to do -- you're going to have less in that bucket. On the other hand, you could make the argument that when you offer too much on sale, you trade them down. And so do you actually lose the sale? Or do you trade them up to something that's at regular price? And at the regular price, in all brands, including Williams-Sonoma, we're pushing value. So Open Kitchen is a great example where you can go to Williams-Sonoma and buy great -- the best products at the best price, all exclusive in Williams-Sonoma. And that should, I hope, offset the reduction in the clearance activity in that brand. But as I said earlier, we're undertaking a pretty transformational change and improving the profitability in the Williams-Sonoma brand, improving the ROIC in the Williams-Sonoma brand, and we really are excited about that initiative. And you could see some more muted comps. But on the other hand, we have some great opportunities in that brand and an exciting product lineup for the year. 
Michael Lasser: And then my second question is as we calibrate our model, you've guided to a flat margin at the midpoint of your 2% to 5% comp outlook for the year, so call it 3.5%. Does that mean if you comp at the low end, you would see some margin compression? Or because you might be giving up some unprofitable sales, we shouldn't expect to see a margin degradation at a lower end of the comp range. 
Julie Whalen: Yes. I mean, what we've guided to, obviously, is to be in line with last year's op margin. So that is fully where we believe we'll come in regardless of where we land on the revenue. So yes, there'll be things that play like that, like where we might be giving up on comps to be able to have a more promotional sale -- I mean, more profitable sale, sorry, like Laura just spoke to with Williams-Sonoma. And quite honestly, across our brands, we've been doing more of that. So that's possible, but I wouldn't read anything more into the low end of the revenue range relative to op margins. 
Operator: We will now take our next question from Marni Shapiro of Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: Hey, guys, congratulations. The stores have looked really fantastic. Can you just talk a little bit about West Elm? Specifically, you talked about accelerating the growth. I'm curious because, Laura, you have a lot of things going on with West Elm, so I'm curious if you're looking to accelerate the growth by opening more stores? Or is it things like Rent the Runway or all of the other aspects of West Elm that you're targeting right now? 
Laura Alber: I mean, it is all of the above, which is quite exciting. So it's the cross-brand initiatives that we've talked about that feed right into West Elm's strengths. They're still really early in the registry business, so that is wide open space for them to take that business away from others. And particularly now that you can finish your registry at West Elm's furniture with Williams-Sonoma Open Kitchen, we really have the product to serve the whole house. And so that's an opportunity as well as the new channels we talked about. And then as I said within just the core brand, there's product category opportunities. There's aesthetic opportunities, price point scale. In fact, we believe that sometimes the furniture is too small. West Elm was born for an urban environment, yet suburban people in larger homes love it. And so we also are doing the opposite of what we're doing in Pottery Barn, which is expanding the size of some of our products, so that they fit in larger homes. And then lastly, I don't think we've really explained well enough the operational excellence that the team at West Elm are pushing. They've really changed the course of the profitability. The inventory is in so much better condition. It's very clean. Backorder crate rate is way down, and our on-time delivery is up. And while it's hard to put an exact finger on how much that's worth, we know that's a sizable number that will continue as an opportunity through this year. 
Marni Shapiro: And can you just give us an update quickly? You had launched West Elm, the Baby side, And I think it was last year, or it might have been the year before, I had seen in a bunch of stores you rolled out, what I would call like a higher-end, a more exclusive West Elm. If you could just touch on those. Are those still in the works, both of them? And where are they going? 
Laura Alber: Yes. Great question. So on the Baby side, we did a collaboration. We do lots of collaborations with different outside designers. And we realized, let's do a collaboration with PB Kids and West Elm because PB Kids understands safety in building children's furniture, and West Elm has a unique aesthetic that Kids hadn't been offering. So we actually -- they designed it together in-house, and we put the product, both in the stores for West Elm and the Kids stores, and online on both, and all brands are benefiting. And the [ volume ]  is kind of similar. It's actually quite distinct. Now in terms of collection, we had tried a higher-end West Elm, and it wasn't successful, and we very quickly exited that. And the great news was it was a small test. So we feed the ones that work, and we got rid of that one. And actually, we had a store in New York where we had the separate entrance, and we had collections in there. We converted that to our bedding and bath expansion. So it was a pretty easy move. 
Operator: We will now take our next question from Christopher Horvers of JPMorgan. 
Christopher Horvers: I wanted to follow up on the demand comp commentary. So the rough math around the third quarter is 110 basis points, call it, was shifted in based on the 150 basis point headwind from the third quarter. So that was about 110 basis points in the fourth quarter. So do you look at like a low 1 is really the underlying demand comp there? But you also mentioned that you also had some late shipments, so I was trying to understand sort of the underlying trend, how much you expect could shift into the first quarter? And then bigger picture, sort of how you think about the first quarter relative to the guide for the year, do you think that 1Q could be at the low end of the range or slightly below or midpoint? How are you thinking about it? 
Julie Whalen: Chris, it's Julie. I'll take that. So I think there's a couple of things you have to think about. I mean, yes, demand comps were higher than net in Q4. And yes, I said earlier that we did get the China goods in to the fourth quarter. What you have to recall is a couple of things. First of all, we had a 2.4 comp, which, of course, is the midpoint of our range relative to 5.4 last year. But we also incurred a 70 basis point negative impact on -- from an accounting perspective as a result of the new revenue recognition standard. And so that, right out of the gate, hurt the comps and brought them lower. We also, as Laura had mentioned in her prepared remarks, also had a couple other drivers that impacted the demand-to-net's conversion, primarily associated with the Pottery Barn brand and the fact that a lot of their growth is coming out of dropship sales, which -- in marketplace and upholstery, which those take longer to fulfill. And then we also were impacted, as we just spoke to with Michael about Williams-Sonoma, with the lower comps primarily associated with being less promotional in the fourth quarter. But all that to say, at the end of the day, we had really good strong comps relative to our performance to last year. As far as giving guidance to the first quarter, obviously, is one thing that you do need to remember in the first quarter. We have an Easter shift that's pretty sizable, and I alluded to this in my prepared remarks. That's going to put the Easter revenue comps towards the end of the quarter. And obviously, as Easter drives both traffic and revenue across our brands, this timing shift makes it hard to currently read the business. But this Easter shift actually further speaks to exactly why we want to get out of the business of the shorter-term business reads and to move away from quarterly guidance as it's not reflective of our more strategic long-term vision. 
Christopher Horvers: Understood. And then as a follow-up, on the flat EBIT margins for 2019, any color in terms of how you're thinking about the gross versus the SG&A? Closing 30 stores, rough math, seems like about a 50 basis point tailwind to occupancy. So are you expecting gross and SG&A to be relatively flat to arrive at that EBIT guide? 
Julie Whalen: Well, there's obviously a lot of moving parts in there. I mean, certainly, with higher revenues, you have occupancy leverage with lower cost like we had in the fourth quarter, it was actually one of our lowest growth rates we've had at 2.2, you're starting to see some of these costs come down, both from rent and otherwise, depreciation, et cetera. So with that continuing, that should be some tailwinds for us. Also, we saw merch margins that were up in Q4 that we continue to talk about, so I think that's another opportunity to provide leverage on the gross margin. And a lot of our supply chain initiatives to help lower some of our cost that hit gross margin should also be helpful. The tailwind -- or the headwind, if you will, is the higher shipping costs that we continue to have, obviously, from both the UPS shipping rate increases but, more importantly, from the higher mix of furniture and the China tariffs, which is everybody's question mark, as to where that's going to land. We have, in fact, included that in all of our guidance for the full year. It's factored into our op margin because we're covering that 100%. But it could, short term, put pressure on our gross margin, which, of course, then as we have higher sales leverage across the P&L like we've done in the fourth quarter, we'll continue to leverage the other areas of the SG&A lines to be able to offset that and to be able to land at an operating margin that is flat to last year. 
Laura Alber: And by the way, since we have covered the China tariffs and it's in our guidance. If it's removed, it's upside. 
Christopher Horvers: Understood. You mean the 10% tariff. 
Julie Whalen: No. 
Laura Alber: No. We actually have -- we are anticipating -- we plan to the 25%. 
Christopher Horvers: And that's sort of some sort of comp benefit but some sort of gross margin headwind  [ down ] ultimately. 
Laura Alber: Yes, so we put the worst case scenario in, and we've prepared ourselves. We've been working on this for a while. The sourcing team has done a phenomenal job, and it speaks to, really, our vertical integration and our sourcing structure across the world. We've moved a ton out of China. We've gotten better prices. We've moved a lot of our upholstery business domestically, which also has the net impact of, unfortunately, hurting net, Chris, because it used to come in from China and sit in our DCs and be shipped. And now we've moved and opened, as you know, Tupelo, where we're moving a lot of our upholstered furniture business. But that also was because we got ready for what we thought was going to be 25% tariffs. And so in addition to all the movement of the sourcing, we have been going after indirect vendor cost around the company. We have a team that's working on consolidating every contract. So between all these moves and also some mix shifts and some selective price increases, we're prepared for the worst. 
Christopher Horvers: Any comments on the degree of upside? You said -- you opened up the box, so I figured I'd ask. 
Laura Alber: I know go ahead. Yes, it's a good question. I mean, I don't think you can do the straight math because a lot is yet to be seen about this. But certainly, it's a good number. 
Operator: We will now take our next question from Steve Forbes of Guggenheim Securities. 
Steven Forbes: I wanted to start with the footprint expectations, right? So the 30-store closings on a net basis, maybe just help us bridge the gap there, gross to net and, if you can, any color by brand. And then given your commentaries about the 1/3 of the stores up for renewal, can you talk about how these conversations for this store class the landlords went as you went to negotiate? 
Julie Whalen: So as far as the numbers from a gross-to-net perspective, it's predominantly store closures that you're seeing in that number. So -- and basically, as we've gone through and we told you in the past, there was about 250 stores that were coming up for renewal, and we said we'd close 1/3 of them if the economics didn't make sense. And so having 30-store closures in this one particular year -- it's, if you look back, one of the largest store closures that we have announced. So it's clearly a sign that we are pushing back with the landlords and being very aggressive with our stance. 
Laura Alber: I do want to add, though, that we see retail as a very important part of our multichannel model because it allows our customers to touch and see our products in person, and it does drive new customer acquisition. So while we have the opportunity, and we have over 250 stores that are coming up for lease renewal in the next 3 years, we also have the opportunity to selectively open stores and invest in new stores for West Elm and drive very profitable growth. And in terms of the negotiation, these are leases that are up. It's the end of the lease. And so there's cases where we are deciding to stay due to favorable economics and other places where we are leaving. And so the 30 is our best guess, and it just depends on what kind of agreement we can get with our landlords. And we'd love to work together to really keep a very healthy fleet in the best centers in the United States. 
Steven Forbes: [Audio Gap] We spent a lot of time on the call today on the growth potential for West Elm. But maybe if you can expand on Williams Sonoma Home, right, especially as it relates -- pertains to like the presentation of the brand within the store. I think you mentioned sort of small and tactical presentations. But really, how do you plan on driving brand awareness, right, of that offering over the next, say, 3 to 5 years? 
Laura Alber: Thank you. We're very excited about the opportunity for Williams-Sonoma Home, and we have not seen -- we've seen an interesting mix in our Kids and Teen businesses, which are predominantly online. In fact, in Williams-Sonoma Home, we are choosing to consolidate out of some of the stores, actually, and remove the footprints so we can make a better impact in others. And we tried a lot of things last year, we tried it in a lot of markets. And we see ourselves -- we've already taken it out of some, and we're going to take it out of some more and then really expand it in others based on where the market is. And at the same time, online, we can drive a lot of customer acquisition through our digital efforts and also because we're introducing -- we have the Room Planner that's cross-brand. So as our designers and the other retail stores help furnish their customers' full homes and maybe they go into the Pottery Barn door, the Room Planner allows them to drag and drop products from all of our brands and put together a multi-brand house, which we think is a really big competitive differentiator for us and one that we're going to continue to build upon. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, there are no further questions at this time. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. 
Laura Alber: Thank you all. Appreciate your support and looking forward to talking to you next time.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-15 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. 
 I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Elise Wang, Vice President of Investor Relations, to discuss non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking statements. Please go ahead. 
Elise Wang: Thank you. Good afternoon. This call should be considered in conjunction with the press release that we issued earlier today. Our discussion today will relate to results and guidance based on certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures and our explanation of why the non-GAAP financial measures may be useful are discussed in Exhibit 1 of our press release. This call also contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which address the financial conditions, results of operations, business initiatives, trends, guidance, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2018 and beyond, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company's current press release and SEC filings, including the most recent 10-K for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call. 
 I will now turn the conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer. 
Laura Alber: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today are Julie Whalen, our Chief Financial Officer; Felix Carbullido, our Chief Marketing Officer; and Yasir Anwar, our Chief Technology Officer. 
 We delivered third quarter with EPS at the high end of guidance and continued strength in demand and customer growth. This performance demonstrates our team's strong execution, the ongoing benefits of our strategic initiative and the power of our multichannel, multibrand model. Given the substantial progress we've made in our business this year and our compelling pipeline of innovative products and inspiring content, we believe we are well prepared to deliver this holiday season and remain on track to meet or beat our full year guidance. 
 Now let me provide a summary of our third quarter financial results. Net revenues grew 4.4% with comparable revenue growth at 3.1%. Demand comp, which accounts for total customers -- total customer orders placed in the quarter was higher, accelerating sequentially to 4.6%. The difference between demand and net resulted from unexpected delay in product receipts this quarter caused by congestion out of China as many U.S. importers accelerated their shipments before the tariffs went into effect as well as a higher-than-expected amount of dropship sales that take longer to fulfill. Despite this disruption, earnings per share for the quarter grew 13.1% to $0.95 per share, at the high end of our guidance range. 
 Our financial results this quarter were once again driven by our team's strong execution of our 4 strategic priorities: digital leadership, product innovation, retail transformation and operational excellence. 
 Let me start with some highlights in digital leadership. Our innovation efforts are driving customer acquisition and e-commerce growth to an all-time high of 55% of total revenues. We continue to leverage the power of our multibrand portfolio, launching 2 new cross-brand initiatives this quarter. First, we released the customer-facing version of our Outward-powered professional design tool called Design Crew Room Planner or Ensemble as it was named during the initial phase. This launch was met with overwhelmingly positive feedback from our in-store cross-brand Design Crew associates, who've been actively using the application in our Pottery Barn, West Elm and Williams-Sonoma stores. 
 Since its initial launch in August, over 15,000 rooms have been created by the room planner with thousands of users engaging in design activities weekly. We believe this application will become an integral part of the home design and shopping experience, and we'll continue to add more features and functionalities to enhance this experience for our customers. 
 In October, we also launched our cross-brand registry program called The One Registry Collective. Our customers can now create a registry that includes items from Williams-Sonoma, West Elm, Pottery Barn and Pottery Barn Kids all in one place. For added convenience, the selected items are grouped together by brands and sorted by categories, allowing gift-givers to easily shop for their recipients' whole home. This is a strategic unlock for our registry program as it addresses the increasing demand for convenience and personalization for a millennial-driven audience. Early reads on customer response are strong. 
 In addition to these initiatives, we saw a sizable pickup in momentum in our cross-brand loyalty program, The Key. During the quarter, we improved the overall branding and design of the program and made enrollment online easier than ever. Total membership is now up 3x compared to the same time last year. The Key is a strategic loyalty program and will continue to grow as a revenue driver for our business. 
 Also in Q3, we expanded our cross-channel shopping capabilities to offer customers more choice and convenience in time for the holidays. We introduced buy online, pickup in store for Pottery Barn and West Elm brands, and we are seeing strong engagement and sales through this channel, particularly with items that are out of stock in e-commerce and seasonal and gift items that customers shop for at the last minute. We are taking advantage of our multichannel platform and testing more shipping options to meet our customers' growing expectations for more choice in the way they shop. 
 Now I'd like to talk about product innovation. Following the tremendous success of our Harry Potter collaboration in PBteen, we've expanded our partnership with the Harry Potter franchise to all 3 Pottery Barn brands. In the second of our One Home coordinated releases across the Pottery Barn brands, the expanded collection includes new product categories such as furniture, decorative accessories and holiday decor and gifting. 
 We also introduced Design Crew Basics, a proprietary collection of low-priced, high-quality essentials for the home available across our portfolio of brands. This cross-brand collection allows us to combine the purchasing power of our multiple brands and offer our customers a greater value wherever they choose to shop with us. In the Pottery Barn brand, the holiday plaid fashion story is off to a strong start as is our seasonal assortment. We also continue to see Pottery Barn Apartment accelerate and attract new customers to the brand. 
 In addition, we continue to build out our marketplace strategy, which is a broader assortment of high-quality curated products that augment our core collection. Marketplace gives us the ability to test new products, new aesthetics and price points, and accelerate growth without inventory cost. We'll be replicating this strategy in other brands and expect the total revenue opportunity to be close to 5% of our company revenues over time. 
 In our Pottery Barn children's businesses, our baby segment continues to gain momentum and attract new customers as an early entry point to the brand. As a highlight, the modern baby collection launched in Q2 is already performing ahead of plan with its unique contemporary design and strong commitment to safety and quality. We are headed into the holiday with an exciting assortment of innovative product and newness across many seasonal and gifting categories, and early holiday reads are off to a strong start. In the Williams-Sonoma brand, our customers continue to respond to unique products only available at Williams-Sonoma. We introduced 2 vendor exclusives with long-term partners, All-Clad and Scanpan, which drove a very strong performance in our cookware business. We also launched our first ever television ad campaign featuring our exclusive Thermo-Clad cookware, timed for the lead up to the holiday. 
 Looking ahead to Q4, our Williams-Sonoma holiday lineup is very compelling with many new offerings as well as returning favorites. The Williams-Sonoma team is prepared and ready to deliver on all of our customers' cooking, entertaining and gifting needs this holiday. 
 West Elm also continued to deliver strong growth as customers continue to respond to the brand's aesthetic, scale and price point. Growth is accelerating across all regions and product categories and particularly in the e-commerce channel as strong traffic and ongoing digital innovation are driving customer acquisition and improved conversion. We are balancing our assortment between furniture and non-furniture with a focus on expanding our seasonal decorating and entertaining businesses this holiday to drive traffic and conversion with these less considered purchases. As the leader in modern high quality and affordable home products, we are confident in West Elm's potential to continue to capture market share and to continue to drive double-digit profitable growth, becoming our biggest brand over time. 
 Our third strategic priority is retail transformation. We continue to execute on our successful remodel strategy while selectively investing in new stores. We remodeled 5 stores and opened 3 new stores in the quarter. Our fleet of remodeled and relocated stores is averaging double-digit growth in annualized sales over the prior store. Our new stores continue to perform better than the fleet with West Elm stores outperforming their first year of performance sales by 25% on average. 
 In the Williams-Sonoma Home brand, we've intensified our focus on the retail store of the future and are in the process of running tests in several of our stores to optimize the strategic growing brand. To further transform our retail fleet and expand profitability, we impaired 1 underperforming store this quarter and plan to close another 21 stores upon lease expiration in Q4 as part of our planned closures for the year. This will bring our total closures for the year to 33 stores in total. In our global operations, we continue to expand our presence with the introduction of Pottery Barn Kids in the U.K. via e-commerce and 3 new John Lewis locations. And as we announced earlier today, we have successfully entered into a partnership with a franchise partner in India, Reliance Brands, where we plan to enter in early 2020. We look forward to partnering with Reliance and introducing our distinctive brands and excellent service to our customers in India. In addition to this exciting new development, we are also actively pursuing other opportunities to further expand our global business. And finally, I'd like to give you an update on our strategic focus on operational excellence and improving the customer experience. 
 We continue to drive efficiency improvements and cost reductions throughout the supply chain. Production shipments from our domestic manufacturing facility were up 17% during the quarter, while company-wide damages improved 18% year-to-date. Performance measurement at every customer touch point has also been a key focus. And we are encouraged that our average star rating is at a high of 4.8 out of 5 stars for both in-store customer service and in-home delivery. Regarding our transition to one inventory, we are executing ahead of plan, crossing the threshold of $1 billion in annualized sales volume through the one inventory program in September. Our multiyear transition to one inventory will allow us to completely reengineer inventory flow processes that are allocating inventory cross-channel, optimizing inventory levels, improving DCF efficiency and significantly bringing down costs in the supply chain. With 3 quarters of operational improvements behind us, we believe our teams are better prepared than ever headed into the peak season. Despite tightness in the labor market, we are ahead in our seasonal hiring versus last year, helped by the recent increase in hourly wage and incentive pay in our DCs. Our teams are focused on executing the fundamental flawlessly and delivering outstanding service at every touch point to give our customers the great holiday experience that they expect from our company. 
 And now I want to take a few minutes to discuss the China tariffs. While the situation remains volatile, our teams are aggressively resourcing and renegotiating cost with our vendor partners. And given our vertically integrated multi-country supply chain and our trusted long-standing relationships with our vendors, we're making good progress. We're also looking to mitigate the impact due to the tariffs through cost reductions in other parts of the business. For example, we've recently undergone an exhaustive exercise on non-merchandise vendor expense where we have identified sizable opportunities to consolidate work with our vendors and reduce costs in areas such as janitorial, data processing, contingent labor and utilities, to name a few. 
 As we look forward to the fourth quarter, we are in a strong position with our compelling pipeline of exclusive innovative products, engaging content and commitment to customer service. Our high-touch multichannel, multibrand platform, differentiated product offer and lifestyle merchandising are what truly sets us apart. Our team has worked all year to strengthen our business with a goal of creating a better experience for the customer. And now with the most exciting time of the year just ahead of us, we are prepared and ready to pursue every opportunity to serve our customers, gain market share and drive accelerated profitable growth. 
 I look forward to updating you all next year, and now I'd like to turn the call over to Julie Whalen, our Chief Financial Officer, to discuss our financial results. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon, everyone. Our third quarter results reflect the momentum we are gaining in all of our strategic initiatives and our continued commitment to operational discipline. We are pleased that despite a delay in product receipts we experienced in the quarter, we delivered top line results within our guidance range; demand comps outpacing the second quarter and last year; e-commerce revenues growing over 8% to an all-time high of 55% of total revenues; continued strength across our gross and operating margins, including e-commerce and retail operating margin expansion; earnings per share at the high end of our guidance range with double-digit growth; and a strong balance sheet with inventory growth again substantially below revenue growth. 
 Before I discuss our results in more detail, a reminder that our third quarter 2018 results include the financial impact from the implementation of a new accounting standard associated with revenue recognition. Similar to last quarter, the impact associated with the re-class of other income from SG&A into net revenues resulted in an approximate 100 basis point improvement to revenue and a 60 basis point swing in margin improvement from SG&A into gross margin. The remaining impact is primarily associated with the timing of our revenue recognition for certain merchandise shipped to our customers, which is dependent upon our performance during the last week of the quarter. 
 Now let's review our third quarter financial results. Net revenues in the third quarter were $1,356,000,000 for a year-over-year growth of 4.4%, and comparable brand revenue growth was 3.1% on top of 3.3% last year. 
 Demand comps, which include orders placed by customers that are not yet fulfilled, were higher at 4.6%, accelerating sequentially and versus last year. We are pleased to see this continued strength in customer demand. By brand, comp growth for the Pottery Barn brand was up 170 basis points year-over-year to 1.4%, and their demand comp was even higher at 2.7%, which includes one of the highest e-commerce comps Pottery Barn has seen in several years. 
 In our Pottery Barn Kids and Teen business, though they had a softer quarter with a flat comp, this was largely driven by our decision not to anniversary some unproductive promotions from last year. 
 Year-to-date, however, we are pleased to see that they are driving strong year-over-year results with a combined comp of 3.4%, which is 640 basis points over last year. West Elm delivered another quarter of double-digit revenue growth. Comp growth was at a strong 8.3% on top of an impressive 11.5% last year, resulting in the highest 2-year comp they have seen in the past 4 quarters. We also saw solid growth in our Williams-Sonoma brand, which delivered a comp of 2.1%. This was a sequential acceleration from the second quarter and represents another quarter of the highest 2-year comps we have seen in over 3 years. 
 And finally, our newer businesses, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham, as well as our global company-owned operations continue to scale and deliver another quarter of double-digit growth. By channel, retail net revenues grew 0.2% year-over-year, and e-commerce net revenues reached an all-time high of 55% of total company revenues this quarter. E-commerce growth was strong at 8.1%, outpacing last year's 6.4% by 170 basis points. We also drove the highest third quarter e-commerce comps we have seen in several years. These results reflect the success of our efforts to enhance the digital shopping experience and our shift in marketing mix to high-impact digital advertising. 
 Moving down the income statement. Gross margin for the third quarter was 36.5%, which was in line with last quarter and 60 basis points above last year's gross margin at 35.9%. The 60 basis point increase was a result of higher selling margins and occupancy leverage and includes the overall margin benefit from the re-class of other income into revenues from the implementation of the new revenue recognition standard. 
 Occupancy costs grew 3.5% in the quarter to $177 million or 13.1% of net revenues compared to last year's $171 million or 13.2% of net revenues. Higher shipping costs from higher UPS rates and a higher mix of furniture, which is more expensive to ship, was completely offset by further supply chain efficiencies. We were also pleased to see continued strength in our selling margins, which reflects the success of our strategic initiatives to reduce inventory levels, drive supply chain efficiencies, streamline promotions and develop content that communicates the value of our products more effectively. 
 SG&A for the third quarter was 28.9% this year versus 27.4% last year. This 150 basis point deleverage was primarily associated with higher employment-related costs. Last year we had lower incentive compensation costs due to a reduction in performance-based compensation that was not earned. The deleverage also reflects our reinvestment of tax savings into increased hourly wages. Given the increasingly competitive labor market, we are pleased to be able to accelerate this investment in our people this year so that we are much better positioned to attract and retain talent for our future. 
 The third quarter SG&A rate also reflects general expense deleverage predominantly driven by the re-class of other income into revenues from the implementation of a new revenue recognition standard. Operating margin for the third quarter deleveraged 90 basis points to 7.6% as a result of corporate unallocated expenses, which as a percentage of net revenues, was 7.3% in the third quarter compared to 5.8% last year. This deleverage was primarily driven by employment-related costs resulting from the lower incentive compensation costs last year. Excluding this deleverage, our operating margin would have expanded as operating margins leveraged across both the e-commerce and retail channels. In the e-commerce channel, operating margin was 21% versus 20.7% last year. This 30 basis point leverage was primarily driven by higher selling margins and catalog advertising optimization, partially offset by general expense deleverage predominantly driven by the re-class of other income into revenues from the implementation of the new revenue recognition standard. The operating margin in the retail channel also improved, expanding 60 basis points to 7.6%, primarily driven by overall SG&A favorability from strong financial discipline, partially offset by occupancy deleverage within gross margin due to lower retail sales. The effective income tax rate in the third quarter was 23% compared to 35.3% last year. The lower year-over-year tax rate primarily reflects a reduced federal tax rate from 35% to 21% associated with the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. 
 Third quarter 2018 diluted earnings per share were $0.95 compared to $0.84 last year, representing growth of 13.1% year-over-year. Despite the delay in product receipts in the quarter, we were pleased to be able to deliver double-digit EPS growth and to reach the high end of our guidance range in EPS, driven by continued healthy selling margins, further supply chain efficiencies and overall strong financial discipline. Our financial results year-to-date of 6.1% revenue growth, including 9.3% e-commerce revenue growth and 23% EPS growth, demonstrate the overall success of our strategic initiatives and give us the confidence in our ability to deliver long-term profitable growth for our shareholders. 
 Moving to the balance sheet. Cash at the end of the quarter was $164 million versus $91 million last year. In the third quarter, we invested $48 million in the business and returned $80 million to stockholders through share repurchases and dividends, which is comprised of $45 million in share repurchases and $35 million in dividends. This results in a year-to-date return to shareholders of $325 million, an almost 30% increase over last year. Our merchandise inventory level at the end of the third quarter was approximately $1.2 billion and only 1.8% higher than last year, which was significantly lower than our revenue growth. We continue to build on the progress we've made all year across all of our inventory initiatives with a focus on driving efficiencies across our supply chain network and improving customer service. 
 Now I would like to discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2018 guidance. We are reiterating our previously raised fiscal year 2018 guidance, which reflects our strong year-to-date performance. We expect net revenues to grow to a range of $5,565,000,000 to $5,665,000,000 with comp growth in the range of 3% to 5%. We anticipate operating margins to be in the range of 8.4% to 9% with diluted earnings per share in the range of $4.26 to $4.36. All other financial guidance within the press release remains unchanged from our previous guidance. 
 For the fourth quarter of 2018, we expect to grow net revenues to a range of $1,733,000,000 to $1,833,000,000 with comparable brand revenue growth in the range of 0% to 5%. And we expect diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $1.89 to $1.99. 
 As we head into the holiday season, given our strong product assortment and our proven ability to execute, we are confident in our fiscal year guidance, which at the high end of the range represents comp growth of 5% and EPS growth of 21%. With regard to capital allocation, our balanced approach remains unchanged. We will utilize our strong operating cash flow to first invest in the business in those areas that will fuel our growth and provide the highest returns and to return excess cash to our shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends. We will continue to monitor our level of share buybacks and with our strong balance sheet and financial liquidity, we are prepared to opportunistically increase our rate of buybacks as we did earlier this year. 
 Before we open the call for questions, we want to say thank you to our team for the work they have done to prepare us for the holiday season and throughout the year. With their commitment and hard work as well as our unique competitive strengths, including a portfolio of the most loved brands in home, serve a range of demographics and aesthetics, a vertically integrated supply chain that gives us flexibility on sourcing and control over quality and cost, a multichannel platform with industry-leading 55% e-commerce penetration, a world-class customer service heritage, a strong balance sheet and cash flow, along with a proven track record of strong financial and operational discipline, we are confident that we will be able to deliver a superior customer experience this holiday and beyond. We continue to see many opportunities to drive profitable growth and to deliver long-term sustainable value for our shareholders. 
 I would like to wish you all happy holidays. And with that, let's open the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Michael Lasser with UBS. 
Michael Lasser: It's going to come in 2 parts to squeeze it in under the definition. So first part is should we consider the difference between the reported comp of 3.1% and the demand comp of 4.6% due to the issues with dropship and congestion in China? So is that 150 basis point spread all due to those delays? And should we just add that to our 4Q comp estimate? And then you said you're working to aggressively mitigate potential impact from tariffs. But can you help us understand the potential impact next year given that you previously said about 15% of your sales are currently subject to the tariffs? 
Julie Whalen: Okay. So on the first question -- Michael, this is Julie. Basically, yes, the complete spread of 4.6% to the 3.1%, 150 basis points, is due to fulfillment. And so there's 2 pieces to that. There's the fact that we had congestion in the China ports that caused a delay in product receipts, and we also have a shift to higher sales associated with dropship sales. So those take longer to fulfill. And so those should come in into the fourth quarter, of course, those are assumed within our guidance. As far as tariffs, just to clarify, you said 15% of sales. We actually said it's 15% of total cost of goods is the impact to us. And as we said in our prepared remarks, we are aggressively going after offsetting that impact by lowering the cost from our vendors by resourcing where we source our products from out of China and then obviously looking for every way possible to find cost savings throughout the company. 
Laura Alber: And just to clarify also for you, Michael, we're assuming that the tariffs go to 25% as they have been communicated. Of course, if that changes, that would be great. But right now, we're assuming the worst case scenario. 
Michael Lasser: And if they do go to 25%, is that going to have a meaningful impact on your margin in 2019? 
Laura Alber: As I said in my prepared remarks, we have been executing against a very aggressive plan to mitigate the impact of the tariffs and stay ahead of future risks. And we're very lucky that we're vertically integrated. We have a multi-country supply chain, and we have really great relationships with our vendors. So we're moving a lot of goods out of China. We're renegotiating with our long-standing Chinese vendor partners. And then as I mentioned earlier, we're looking at every other part of our business to find other cost offsets. And we're really pleased with what we have targeted. So we are looking to mitigate every dollar next year of the possible tariff risks, that is our intention. 
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Peter Benedict from Baird. 
Peter Benedict: I guess just a question on the operating margin plan for the year. 8.4% to 9.0%. If we look at the midpoint of the revenue guidance maybe for the fourth quarter, it would seem to imply that the margins in 4Q would have to be up anywhere from 80 to maybe even a couple hundred basis points to kind of get into that 8.4% to 9% range for the year. Are we thinking about that correctly? And if so, just curious what would be the driver of that level of expansion in the fourth quarter? 
Julie Whalen: I think you're thinking of that correctly. I think obviously the op margin is a play on the revenue. If we come in at the higher end of the revenue, we continue to have healthy selling margins, and obviously, that leverages the P&L and drops all the way down that we've seen in the beginning of the year. So it depends on your assumptions. But if you're at the high end of the revenue range, you should see that op margin expansion. 
Peter Benedict: And just as a follow-up to that, Julie, did I hear you say that the EBIT margin decline in the third quarter of 90 basis points, did you say all of that was the incentive comp change or did I mishear that? 
Julie Whalen: No, you heard that. So if you look at the corporate unallocated deleverage of 150 basis points, almost all of that is due to this higher compensation that we have this year from lower compensation last year. And so but for that, our operating margin total company would have expanded because if you look at the retail and e-commerce channels, they both expand. So the health of the business is incredibly strong. We just have this one moment in time where we had a difference in incentive compensation because we didn't earn it last year. 
Peter Benedict: Got it. And then the fourth quarter, it's expected to be more similar year-over-year, that's the point? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. 
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Chuck Grom with Gordon Haskett. 
Andrew Minora: This is Andrew on for Chuck. I had a question on full year sales outlook. So to get to the midpoint of the comp guidance, it implies a pretty material acceleration on the 2-year and 4Q across your biggest brands. Can you guys help us understand a little bit like what's going to drive that acceleration in the fourth quarter? And then I have a quick follow-up. 
Julie Whalen: Well, I mean if you look at our year-to-date performance on a 1-year basis, we're essentially at the high end of our guidance. So I mean, yes, you can look at it at 2-year and come to your own conclusions on that. But at the end of the day, we feel confident we have no reason to believe that we can't continue to drive that top line especially given all of the strong customer counts that we have, the strong traffic we have, the momentum we're seeing in the e-commerce business. And again, our demand just accelerated from second quarter, so the health of the customer and what they want from our business is still strong. You also saw Williams-Sonoma accelerate from the second quarter, and they become a bigger piece of the pie next year. So given all of our product pipeline, the fact that our teams are ready more than ever with the increase in the hourly wages, we've been able to get them lined up, an incredible lineup of talent to be ready for this holiday season. We feel very strong that we can hit the high end. 
Andrew Minora: That's great. That's helpful. And then if I could just on the gross margin line, ex revenue, add rev rec impact, I know you guys talked about the components. But can you give us a sense of the magnitude of the different components of gross margins this quarter versus second quarter? 
Julie Whalen: Well, so we don't typically go through all the line items. We typically tell you selling margin was up 50 basis points. It was up 10 basis points from an occupancy perspective. For total gross margin, up 60. If you back out the accounting, it's essentially flat across the board. But I think what's important to realize is that we drove these healthy margins, and we had demand comp that was higher, and we had shipping costs that were higher because we were able to offset it again with another quarter of incredible supply chain efficiencies. So it really speaks to the fact that our initiatives to both streamline the promotions and to continue to drive efficiencies across our company enabled us to hold our selling margins and gross margin. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll hear our next question from Chris Horvers with JP Morgan. 
Christopher Horvers: So if -- I'm just curious on the demand comp. Did Williams-Sonoma and West Elm have a demand comp versus actual comp this year? Was that mainly in Pottery Barn? And if not, for West Elm, I mean it's a pretty similar type of product mix. Why wouldn't West Elm would have that impact? And then as it relates to the fourth quarter guide, I mean you did widened out to 0% to 5% versus 3% to 5% in the first half of the year. So if you have this visibility to an incremental 150 basis points, it's already in the bag, so to speak. Why widen the guide out so much? Is that -- do you expect further demand comp issues? 
Julie Whalen: So on the West Elm and the other brands -- all brands were impacted by the delays out of China. And so all brands except for one of the smaller brands had demand comps that were higher. So your question on West Elm, they would've been even higher. That's how on fire they were. So I wouldn't read anything into that. As far as the guidance range, there's a couple of things going on there. I mean first of all, we just held the fiscal year. We raised twice this year already. So given we hit our guidance, we saw the prudent thing to do was to hold our fiscal year, and that's just sort of the math, which is equal to the implied guidance that we gave you guys last quarter. There's not a big story there. I mean the only thing I could -- other -- point to on that front is the fact that we do have this China delay, and we're obviously watching that closely. We do expect that to be cleared up in the next couple of weeks. But in the event that doesn't, that could cause us to be at the lower end of the range, which by the way as was mentioned earlier, on a 2-year basis, it's still in line with our trend. 
Christopher Horvers: And then just a quick follow-up. So the selling margins up 50, that includes the accounting benefit? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll hear now from Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. 
Simeon Gutman: Sorry for the noise. I'll put it all in one. Julie, on the demand comp, one more on this. I guess the history on it, I think you said assuming all of that demand gets realized, is there anything different about this quarter? Will customers back out? Like why should it flow through at that rate? And then the second question, I think you also mentioned product delays, but it looks like customer balance sheets -- customer deposits are also down on the balance sheet. So how do those reconcile? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. There isn't anything unusual from a cancellation perspective or anything like that, that you're thinking about from a demand perspective. We do expect that all to come in. I mean when we look at the delta between the demand and net and we look at what is missing from a receipt perspective, it matches up. So we expect that all to come in. It's just a delay in the timing of the receipts. From a customer deposit perspective, the reason that it's down is -- from the beginning of the year, that's been down because of the accounting change. We had to run through a bunch of income through that balance sheet account. And so when you look at it now at Q3 relative to last year, it's just showing that it's down for that reason. I would not read anything into that at all. And remember, the biggest piece of that account is our gift cards. 
Simeon Gutman: Right. And the inventory, would that have been up more had it flipped? Say the demand and the same-stores comp was the same, the inventory would have looked different at the end of the quarter or still would have looked better than sales? 
Julie Whalen: No, it should have still looked better than sales because remember, this inventory is to fulfill customer demand. So they're on back order. They're waiting for it, so we would have then flipped it around and shipped it out, so it would have been in our inventory. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jonathan Matuszewski with Jefferies. 
Jonathan Matuszewski: Just first one, last quarter you mentioned some new opening price points at West Elm. I think you've been giving that across the Pottery Barn brands too. Could you just elaborate on your progress kind of with this pricing strategy? Maybe just share some more on this introduction of the Design Crew Basics line and kind of is the conversion for these opening price points coming from more existing customers or new customers? Any color there would be helpful. 
Laura Alber: Sure. Thank you for the question. We're always testing and refining our pricing strategy. And we did some of our brand work last year in Williams-Sonoma and Pottery Barn. We had a lot of customers who said, "We love your brand, but we simply can't afford it." And so at that point, we looked to increasing our opening price point and also the scale of the products we're selling. And in all of our brands, we never set out to be the most expensive. We set out to be the best, to have the best quality for the value. And so because of our buying power, we knew that we'd be able to bring in great quality basics at a great price. And that's what we've done across all of our brands, this Design Crew Basics program that we're talking about. And then specific to each brand, they each have one of these strategies. So for example, in Williams-Sonoma, you see Open Kitchen. Fantastic growing business, and it's really attracting a younger clientele and new customers to the brand, which is awesome. In Pottery Barn, you've seen us introduce Pottery Barn Apartment, which is smaller scale, more value-oriented, a lot of knockdown furniture. And again that's driving increased incremental demand. And then West Elm continues to grow its business across not just furniture but in other categories, so that if you're not looking for a sofa yet but you want to go in and buy a vase, there's more offer. And so they're attracting younger customers and customers coming into the market with not only price point but mix. 
Jonathan Matuszewski: Got it. And then just a quick follow-up on the loyalty program. It seems like the easier enrollment is probably helping expansion of the program. But what are you thinking in terms of driving that enrollment higher? Are you thinking about any new kind of member benefits there? Any color there would be helpful. 
Felix Carbullido: As Laura mentioned, our enrollment rates for the quarter were up close to 4x last year's rate. Buried in some of those numbers is the latter half of October, where we implemented easy enrollment online, and we actually saw the numbers go close to 20x last year's rate. So we're headed into Q4 with a platform that will encourage enrollment across not just our retail stores, which was the key driver of enrollment, but now for our online customers, to make it basically a no click alternative to join our program. And as Julie mentioned, that's 55% of our business. So we anticipate this program growing dramatically. This quarter, we're excited to introduce a number of different initiatives. I guess the most exciting one is a program in which we're encouraging customers to repeat across our brands, with an ultimate prize to win a home makeover sweeps by our Design Crew. So we have a number of programs in place that will encourage frequency across our brands for the holiday. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll hear now from Cristina Fernndez with Telsey Advisory Group. 
Cristina Fernandez: I had a follow-up question on the inventory delays. Are there any categories that are more impacted? And are you seeing any meaningful change in the cost to bring product? And we've heard from other retailers that it's just more costly with the backlog, so wanted to see if that's something you're seeing as well. 
Laura Alber: Sure. We actually had a little bit more of an impact on our kids business, where the demand comp was even more sizably greater than the net comp. But as Julie said, all brands were affected. In terms of price, we have a really favorable shipping contract out of Asia. So even if we're paying a spot rate on a few containers, it's not exorbitant. It doesn't add up to as much. Depends on, I think what people's rates were and where their contract began or ended, and we're in good shape. 
Cristina Fernandez: And a quick follow-up, if I may. On Pottery Barn Kids and Teens, are the unproductive promotions that affected this quarter just a onetime or -- and we should see revenues accelerate? Or is that something that could carry forward into the fourth quarter as well? 
Laura Alber: I'm just -- I'm thrilled that the kids and teens have reduced the amount of clearance particularly in the stores, but also online, it's a really very healthy way to run the business. And we didn't buy into that inventory, running our inventories tight, and we didn't comp it. So we saw very sizable margin improvements in those businesses. And, of course, gave up little sales in the meantime, but we're looking to drive to more profitable sales and not carry overstocks. 
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Seth Basham with Wedbush. 
Seth Basham: I was hoping you can provide some more color on category strength. Is furniture still disproportionately driving the account? 
Laura Alber: We're seeing strength across a lot of categories. As I said earlier, some of these incremental businesses are very important to us and whether it's the baby business, Modern Baby, the apartment business, Open Kitchen, those are all excellent. And then we see strength where we have innovation in Williams-Sonoma and exclusives that I talked about earlier. And then we continue to see our upholstery and furniture business to be quite strong. We have an advantage because we make most of our own upholstery here in America. It's very high quality, and our customers really understand that quality difference. And it's able to get to them faster. It's all custom. And we're able to deliver a faster and higher quality than our competition. 
Seth Basham: And as a follow-up, I was hoping to get some color on how you would characterize the current promotional environment and how you fared in terms of changing your promotions around year-to-date and what you might do any differently going forward. 
Laura Alber: Sure. I would say that we have more effective promotions this year versus last. And as I said earlier, we have less clearance. As you can tell out in the environment, we're in the midst of the holiday season, and people are getting ready for Black Friday as are we. And it's been competitive. It's been competitive in years past. I don't see a material change. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mike Baker with Deutsche Bank. 
Michael Baker: I wanted to ask about the accounting change, and you said it has to do with the timing with the last week, the strength of the last week. But if I'm understanding your Exhibit 2 in your press release, it looks like it helped -- that helped the EBIT dollars by about $4.3 million. And I think it's been a help in each of the last 3 quarters. So is that just that you just had really strong last weeks of the quarters, the last 3 weeks? And I guess the sort of related question is when does that reverse or cycle itself? And not to make everyone's head explode, but how does the extra week impact that? Because the timing of all your quarters will be off next year. 
Julie Whalen: Okay. So I think the first way to think about it, especially in this quarter, is the fact that if you were to not sort of accept or account for the accounting change in the third quarter, then basically you can't account for it in the second quarter, which means the second quarter change would come into the third quarter. And if you look at the second quarter and the third quarter, they're exactly the same. I mean they're very, very similar. So from that perspective, there's absolutely no impact on our quarter. But to answer your question, yes, we have seen strength in the last week or 2 of the quarter, this quarter as well, which we're very pleased to see, given that customers reacting to the promotions and our products. Going forward, I -- you asked something about a 53rd week. I don't see that there should be any impact on the 53rd week as a result of the accounting. 
Michael Baker: Okay. Well, just the timing of when the quarters end. But so is there any way to think about a year-to-date number? Again, on that Exhibit 2, it was -- in the third quarter, it helped by $4.2 million. But I mean, so is it incorrect just to add up that Exhibit 2 number for each of the last 3 quarters? 
Julie Whalen: Yes, because you would reverse it out each quarter if you think about it, right. So I mean you either get it in 1 quarter and then it comes out the other quarter. So it's a reversal that comes in and out between the quarters, so you have to take -- if you look at Q3, you have to take the Q2 and assume that would've been in Q3, and then you would have pulled Q3 out. And so you can't look at it as a sum of 3 quarters. 
Operator: And we'll take our final question from Marni Shapiro with Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: The stores look absolutely beautiful so best of luck with the holidays if I don't remember at the end. Can we just dig in a little bit to your registry business? Can you give us an idea about the scale of your registry businesses across the brands? I guess which brand is the biggest and what it looks like and how significant the one could be? And then also do you find that your registry customers have a much higher lifetime value across the span of years? 
Laura Alber: Sure, I'll take that. Registry is a really important entry point to our brands. And they are often our best customers lifetime. We have never given the number of what it is. Of course, it's the largest in Williams-Sonoma. But we have also realized that we haven't been as competitive because we didn't offer the kitchen plus the linens and the whole house wasn't offered together. And so with this Registry One Collective that we've just launched across our brands, you can register in each of our brands and have the great experience that we offer across all of them. And that is a huge unlock. I actually, believe that it will double our registry business over time. And we just did this a couple weeks ago. So it's really too early to read for you. But I expect that we'll see both registry and total growth but also value creation over time. 
Marni Shapiro: Over time. And is it a significant enough part of the business to the level of one of your smaller businesses? Is it as significant as, say a Mark and Graham kind of thing? 
Laura Alber: I don't -- is... 
Marni Shapiro: Meaning are your registry sales, because -- are your registry sales at the level of, say Mark and Graham as a stand-alone company? 
Laura Alber: That's an interesting way to ask me how big it is. 
Marni Shapiro: Well, I guess without giving me the -- I mean, let me rephrase it. I guess is it as important, I guess? Without giving me exact numbers, is it very important, as important as one of the new businesses or birthing a new business? 
Laura Alber: It is very important. It's got a lot of upside because I don't think we've been as competitive as we could be because we didn't have it cross-brand, which is the obvious unlock. And so now that we have the platform, imagine taking the platform plus The Key and all the things that we know how to do with our house phone, using that against this One Registry Collective. So I think it's going to be an area where we've been strong but an area where we can be the clear leaders because we own these brands in house and we have the platform to serve our customers across them. 
Felix Carbullido: And it is a key driver of new customer growth for every brand, including Pottery Barn Kids. So as Laura mentioned, the lifetime value there as we start to introduce more relevant customers in that market to our other brands, we see new customer growth as a major benefit of The One. 
Marni Shapiro: Can I ask a follow-up to the customer growth? Is dorm also an area for new customer growth? Do you see new customers coming into your brands because of PB Dorm as well? 
Felix Carbullido: Yes, absolutely. And these incremental businesses that we talked about earlier are meant to focus on new customer acquisition. Yes, our existing customers participate, but they're also strategic after going -- in terms of going after white space in the market. 
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I'll turn the conference back over to Ms. Alber for any additional or closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: Great. I want to thank all of you for joining us on the call today. I know our thoughts all go out to those affected by the devastating fires in California. And as a company that's based here in California, we're using our headquarters here as a foundation for donations for the relief efforts, just like we did last year. And I know we're all going off to celebrate a wonderful Thanksgiving, but it's an extremely difficult time for some of our neighboring communities. And we are all doing what we can to provide assistance to those in need. And with that, happy Thanksgiving to you and yours, and I'm looking forward to talking to you after the holidays. 
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude our conference call for today. We thank you for your participation, you may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-22 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Elise Wang, Vice President of Investor Relations, to discuss non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking statements. Please go ahead, ma'am. 
Elise Wang: Thank you. Good afternoon. This call should be considered in conjunction with the press release that we issued earlier today. Our discussion today will relate to results and guidance based on certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and our explanation of why the non-GAAP financial measures may be useful are discussed in Exhibit 1 of our press release.
 This call also contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which address the financial conditions, results of operations, business initiatives, trends, guidance, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2018 and beyond and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company's current press release and SEC filings, including the most recent 10-K, for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call.
 I will now turn the conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer. 
Laura Alber: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me are Julie Whalen, our Chief Financial Officer; Felix Carbullido, our Chief Marketing Officer; and Yasir Anwar, our Chief Technology Officer.
 Today, we're announcing another quarter of strong results with top line growth at the high end of guidance, gross margin significantly above last year and a substantial EPS outperformance. Our powerful multichannel, multibrand platform, together with our strong execution of our strategic initiatives in digital leaderships, product innovation, retail transformation and operational excellence, are having a positive impact on all parts of our business.
 Given the results from the first half and the momentum our initiatives are creating, we are raising our full year guidance for net revenues, comp revenue growth, operating margins and EPS. Let's discuss in more detail our second quarter results. 
 Net revenues and comp growth for the second quarter were towards the high end of our guidance at $1.274 billion and 4.6%. Growth was broad-based across all of our brands, with the Pottery Barn brands comps continuing to improve year-over-year. West Elm delivered another quarter of double-digit growth and a sequential acceleration in comp growth to 9.5%. Williams-Sonoma also had a solid quarter with a comp growth of 1.6%. Our emerging brands, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham, continue to gain scale, growing double digits during the quarter.
 Now moving on to some highlights of the progress we've made against our strategic priorities. First, digital leadership. We are unlocking the power of our cross-brand platform through cross-brand initiatives and technology. This quarter, our cross-brand loyalty program, The Key, continued to gain momentum. Since we re-platformed this program in Q1, enrollments have been tracking at 4x the pace of that of last year, with customers spending on average 5x the value of their Key rewards. We will continue to improve the user experience and member benefits to capture the substantial growth opportunity we see in this cross-brand loyalty initiative.
 In technology, we continue to make strong progress on our integration of Outward, which culminated in the launch of our photorealistic space-planning experience [ Ensemble ] early this month. It's currently live in all of our West Elm and Pottery Barn stores. We'll be making a customer-facing version of the experience available online in September and will be adding the other brands before peak. 
 Built off Outward's proprietary 3D asset platform, [ Ensemble ] is the first photo-realistic customer-facing space planner in the industry, allowing us to create an interactive shopping experience that spans across product discovery, customized product visualization and space planning. Customers will be able to build their own floor plans, browse our product assortments cross-brand and drag and drop photo-realistic pieces to furnish their homes with more confidence and accuracy.
 Also in Q2, we significantly improved the digital customer experience through content creation. We updated our shop pass with more engaging content that is inspirational and drives conversion. We materially enhanced our product information pages and are impressed by the results, particularly in the Pottery Barn brand, where we introduced editorial content. The focus is on product quality and reasons to buy. We also introduced a multi-image visual layout for shop-by-room pages and revamped the homepage to better communicate the story of the season and breadth of assortment.
 The West Elm brand also continues to pioneer digital innovations that focus on customer-centric solutions and dynamic personalization. In Q2, we created, deployed and iterated on a new algorithmic recommendation engine for frequently bought-together products. This tool is driving increased revenues per visitor and will be rolled out across brands.
 We also released our guided shopping tool, which leverages our machine learning algorithms and image recognition to create personalized product recommendations based on the customer's individual style. 
 In the Williams-Sonoma brand, we are in the process of an overhaul of our Williams-Sonoma home website. Among the enhancements, we redesigned the homepage to better showcase our inspirational lifestyle imagery. We also integrated Outward's technology to help customers visualize the product alongside other items from our assortment and in different settings. Another major shift across the company is our marketing mix. We are optimizing catalog mailings to focus on higher ROI digital channels to drive more reach more efficiently.
 Our digital customer growth accelerated double digits in the quarter, the fastest pace we've seen in over 2 years, with new customers up even more. These results demonstrate the success of our digital advertising investments and product innovation strategies over the past year. We're also becoming more efficient with our advertising spend as the majority of our digital marketing is now managed in-house, helping us drive cost savings and better performance.
 Looking to the balance of the year, we will continue to partner with large digital players to design and test lifestyle ad units that focus on relevancy and inspiration to drive customer acquisition and strong profitable growth.
 We're also gaining strong traction in our strategic priority of retail transformation and excellence by pruning the fleet of underperforming stores and selectively investing in new stores, remodels and relocations while elevating the store experience. Our stores are a key part of our multichannel strategy as they provide an incomparable experience to our customers to engage with our products in real life. We opened a total of 9 stores this quarter and added 4 more locations of Williams-Sonoma Home, bringing its total to 69 retail locations. We plan to open another 4 stores in Q3, including a new store in our Rejuvenation brand, which continues to expand in the high-end lighting and hardware market and is on track to becoming a significant multichannel lifestyle brand. 
 Our new stores are performing better than the fleet, generating strong profitability with a payback of just over 1 year. Our fleet of remodeled and relocating stores -- relocated stores are also outperforming, averaging double-digit growth in annualized sales over the prior stores.
 Our retail strategy's been particularly successful in Pottery Barn with new, remodeled and relocated stores driving above-average sales growth and profitability over the prior stores. Given these results, we are planning for 4 more remodels in Q3. In Williams-Sonoma, our remodeled stores are also performing and we have plans for 2 more next quarter. 
 And in West Elm, we opened a new format store in Santa Monica, California, that is off to a strong start. This next-generation store has an expanded outdoor living area that displays a wide range of outdoor collections and more open space for community engagement.
 To further optimize our fleet and expand profitably, we closed 4 underperforming stores as part of our planned store closures for the year. In addition, we've been aggressively pursuing the early closure of the subset of underperforming stores which we announced at the beginning of the year. In Q2, we successfully terminated the lease for 2 of those stores and we impaired an additional 5 stores. This resulted in noncash impairment expenses and early lease termination charges. The closures of this entire list of underperforming stores, when complete, would generate an additional 20 basis points in annual operating margin expansion. 
 Now I'd like to talk about product innovation, which is another key differentiator for our company. We continue to lead the market this quarter with exclusive designs, high-impact collaborations and category expansions. In the Pottery Barn brand, we had a strong summer season with new merchandise offerings and we are seeing a strong start to fall. We've also built incremental businesses, including PB Apartment, which continues to grow double digit and attract new customers.
 Our Pottery Barn children's business is also gaining momentum. We launched the successful cross-brand collaboration between West Elm and Pottery Barn Kids that is driving strong incremental sales as well as new customer growth. And more recently, Pottery Barn Kids unveiled Pottery Barn Modern Baby, a high-style curated collection with 5 distinctly new design aesthetics to better meet the needs of parents seeking nursery decor that reflects their modern contemporary style.
 The Pottery Barn Modern Baby collection is also crafted with the commitment to safety and quality that we know our customers value. All wooden and upholstered furniture in the collection are GREENGUARD certified and all cotton bedding is 100% organic. The initial customer response has already surpassed our expectations. We have plans to expand both collections over the coming quarters as we see substantial opportunity in the children's home furnishings market for products that are modern and contemporary in design, also high quality and sustainably made.
 In West Elm, we launched new products in opening price points, and at the same time reduced our inventory and overstocks. Our core furniture business remains strong, and growth in our decorating categories continues to accelerate, driving new customer acquisitions and entry points to the brand. We have a compelling pipeline of product assortments in core and new categories for the balance of the year, which should position us well to deliver another strong holiday season.
 In our Williams-Sonoma brand, our exclusive products and collaborations, along with our digital marketing efforts, are driving strong customer growth in e-commerce, which has accelerated over the past 4 quarters to double digits year-to-date. This quarter, our collaboration with Aerin Lauder and Instant Pot were particularly successful. We've also broadened our Williams-Sonoma branded products with further additions to the tools and food businesses. We continue to see this line as a sizable growth opportunity and an important driver of new customer acquisition.
 In our global business, we are pleased to see another quarter of double-digit growth in our company-owned operations. We continue to make strong progress on our Pottery Barn Kids launch in the U.K., with both the website going live and the shop in shops in the John Lewis Oxford Street flagship launching in Q3. Our franchise partners continue to add locations, with 6 locations opened around the world during Q2.
 Looking ahead, we will continue to focus on operational improvement to drive profitability in all of our businesses and execute on our multichannel entry into large-sized markets in Asia and Europe.
 And lastly, our commitment to operational excellence. This quarter, we continued to make substantial progress against our inventory initiative. We successfully reduced overstocks and clearance in stores, bringing our total inventory growth down to 2.5% while revenues grew 6.1%. Inventory management remains our single biggest opportunity to reduce costs and improve profitability. Tighter inventory controls allows us to be more aggressive in reducing our promotional activities. We're driving regular price sales through compelling digital marketing and inspiring store displays and innovative product. 
 This is resulting in higher selling margins. We'll continue to focus on managing inventory more effectively in the second half, including better in stocks, more in-time inventory and frequent flow from our overseas vendors and our multiyear transitions to one inventory that will substantially improve our DC efficiency.
 In addition to inventory management, we drove further cost reductions across the supply chain, including efficiency improvements in our personalization operations and our domestic upholstery manufacturing facility. We have also reduced our damages by 20% year-to-date. We are encouraged by these results and we have identified further opportunities to drive supply chain innovation and improve customer service. Our focused execution on these opportunities will also enable us to further cut costs. 
 In summary, these results reflect the powerful advantage of our multichannel, multibrand platform, along with the important progress that we continue to make on our strategic priorities. The combination of inspiring content, compelling products and lower clearance levels are driving strong sales as well as higher selling margins. Together with our aggressive optimization of the retail fleet and supply chain, we are able to deliver strong top line growth, gross margin expansion and EPS outperformance this quarter.
 Our strong execution in the first half sets us up to deliver on the important holiday season and long-term future growth. Our cross-brand launches, including [ Ensemble ], our innovative product pipeline, our new and remodeled stores, our improved inventory positions and our supply chain optimization, gives us confidence in our performance over the balance of the year, and as a result, we substantially raised our full year guidance today.
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Julie to discuss our Q2 financial results in detail. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon, everyone. We are excited to report another strong quarter with top line results at the high end of our guidance, selling margin expansion and occupancy leverage, driving increased operating income and flat year-over-year operating margins, resulting in EPS exceeding our expectations. This performance reflects the success of our strategic initiatives and the benefit they continue to drive across our business, including strong profitable growth in all of our brands, e-commerce revenues outpacing to another historical high and inventory growth substantially below revenue growth.
 These results also demonstrate our long-standing commitment to financial discipline and to generating consistent returns for our shareholders. Before I review our performance in more detail, I would like to remind everyone that our second quarter 2018 results include the financial impact from the implementation of a new accounting standard associated with revenue recognition. 
 The primary impact is associated with the reclass of other income from SG&A into net revenues, which resulted in an approximate 100 basis point improvement to revenue and a 60 basis point swing in margin improvement from SG&A into gross margin. The remaining impact is primarily associated with the timing of our revenue recognition for certain merchandise shipped to our customers, which is dependent upon our performance during the last week of the quarter.
 Now I would like to review our second quarter results in more detail. Net revenues in the second quarter were $1.274 billion for a year-over-year growth of 6.1%, and comparable brand revenue growth was 4.6%, an increase of 180 basis points over last year. Growth was broad-based, with all brands delivering another quarter of positive comps. Comp growth for the Pottery Barn brands, on a combined basis, accelerated more than 300 basis points year-over-year, which includes Pottery Barn at a 2 comp and our Pottery Barn Kids and Teen business accelerating from the first quarter to a 5.7% comp.
 We also saw another quarter of strong revenue comps in West Elm, where comps also accelerated sequentially to 9.5% and total revenues continue to grow double digits. Our newer businesses, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham, as well as our global company-owned operations, all delivered another quarter of double-digit growth. 
 And in Williams-Sonoma, strength in e-commerce and the continued success from our exclusive collaborations drove a 1.6% comp on top of a 1.9% last year, resulting in the strongest second quarter 2-year comp the brand has generated in many years. By channel, revenue growth in both e-commerce and retail continue to accelerate versus last year. E-commerce net revenues grew year-over-year by 8.8% to a record high of 53.8% of total company revenues compared to 52.5% last year.
 This growth was a significant acceleration over last year's growth of 5.2% and represents the highest second quarter e-commerce growth rate we have seen over the past 3 years. We are pleased to see that our investment to drive increasing customer counts and traffic are continuing to fuel our top line momentum.
 In our retail channel, net revenues increased 3.1% with particularly strong results in Pottery Barn and West Elm. This demonstrates the continued success of our high-performing store remodels and relocations as well as the success of our other retail transformation initiatives to further differentiate our customer experience, including the financial benefit we are seeing from our cross-brand design services and our expanding cross-brand loyalty program.
 Moving down the income statement. Gross margin for the second quarter was 36.5% compared to 35.2% last year. The substantial year-over-year improvement of 130 basis points was driven by higher selling margins and occupancy leverage, which includes the overall margin benefit from the reclass of other income into revenues from the implementation of the new revenue recognition standard. Occupancy costs in the quarter totaled $170 million or 13.4% of net revenues as compared to $168 million or 14% of net revenues.
 Our selling margin improvements resulted from higher merchandise margins across all brands. Our successful merchandise margin expansion this quarter reflects our emphasis on relevancy and inspiration rather than promotions. We have been streamlining our promotions and refining our promotional messaging across all brands. And we are pleased to see that we were able to deliver strong top line performance while expanding our selling margin.
 SG&A for the second quarter was 29.7% this year versus 28.4% last year. This 130 basis point deleverage was primarily associated with general expense deleverage, predominantly driven by the reclass of other income into revenues from the implementation of the new revenue recognition standard as well as deleverage from higher digital advertising and increased hourly wages from the reinvestment of tax savings, which we announced earlier this year. This was partially offset by further catalog advertising optimization.
 Operating income continued to grow year-over-year, up 5.8% to more than $86 million, and our operating margin for the second quarter was flat to last year at 6.8%. We are pleased that we're able to deliver another quarter of operating income dollar growth that was relatively in line with revenue growth.
 By channel, the operating margin in the e-commerce channel was 20.6% versus 21.4% last year. This 80 basis point deleverage was primarily driven by our reinvestment of tax savings into digital advertising and increased hourly wages. This is partially offset by catalog advertising optimization and higher selling margins.
 The operating margin in the retail channel was 6.6% versus 6.1% in 2017. This 50 basis point leverage was primarily driven by higher selling margins. Corporate unallocated expenses as a percentage of net revenues were 7.4% in the second quarter of 2018, which is relatively flat to last year. The effective income tax rate in the second quarter was 24.5% compared to 34.8% last year. The lower year-over-year tax rate primarily reflects a reduced federal tax rate associated with the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.
 Second quarter 2018 diluted earnings per share were $0.77 compared to $0.61 last year, representing growth of 26.2% year-over-year and a $0.07 outperformance to the high end of our guidance.
 Moving to the balance sheet. Cash at the end of the quarter was $175 million versus $103 million last year. In the second quarter, we invested $46 million in the business and returned $173 million to stockholders through share repurchases and dividends, comprising of $137 million in share repurchases and $36 million in dividends.
 Merchandise inventories at the end of the second quarter were $1.100 billion or 2.5% growth on last year, which is once again significantly lower than our revenue growth. And excluding inventory that is in transit for the fall and holiday season, inventory on hand and available-for-sale was up only 0.3%. As we said at the beginning of the year, we expect this trend to continue over the balance of the year as we focus on the execution of our inventory optimization initiatives to further bring down our inventory levels while improving the level of in-stock inventory and backorder rates and overall customer satisfaction.
 Now I'd like to discuss our third quarter and fiscal year 2018 guidance. Given the continued strength across our business and our strong execution year-to-date, we are confident in our outlook for the second half of the year. Therefore, we are pleased to be raising our fiscal 2018 full year guidance for the second time this year, with a top and bottom line rate that reflects our full year-to-date beat versus our guidance.
 We now expect net revenues to grow to a range of $5.565 billion to $5.665 billion from our previous guidance range of $5.495 billion to $5.655 billion. We expect comp growth to be in the range of 3% to 5% compared to 2% to 5% previously, and operating margin to be in the range of 8.4% to 9% compared to the previous range of 8.2% to 9%. We are also raising our diluted earnings per share by $0.11 to a range of $4.26 to $4.36 compared to a range of $4.15 to $4.25 previously.
 All other financial guidance within the press release remains unchanged from the previous guidance. For the third quarter of 2018, we expect to grow net revenues to a range of $1.355 billion to $1.380 billion, with comparable brand revenue growth in the range of 3% to 5%. And we expect diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $0.90 to $0.95.
 Our guidance does not reflect any potential impact from the imposed China tariffs. We estimate that approximately 15% of our cost of goods sold would be subject to the China tariffs as currently proposed. But given the timing of their potential implementation, we expect there to be minimal financial impact on our fiscal year 2018 results. However, it's difficult to quantify with certainty their impact as these tariffs have not been finalized. 
 As we closely follow this topic, we are aggressively working to mitigate the potential impact of these tariffs on our financial results while maintaining our customer value proposition. We believe we are well positioned to do so, given our vertically integrated, multicountry supply chain, where we design and contract manufacture almost all of our products.
 And finally, from a capital allocation perspective, we remain committed to utilizing our strong operating cash flow to first invest in the business in those areas that will fuel our growth and provide the highest returns and to return excess cash to our shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends.
 In summary, we are proud of our team and all of their hard work in driving our outperformance in the first half of the year and the broad-based momentum we are seeing in our business. With our top line growth, selling margin expansion and our continued occupancy leverage driving the improved operating income and EPS outperformance, we are confident that our strategic initiatives are working. 
 And this, combined with our long-term growth opportunities and our unique competitive positioning, including a portfolio of strong, well-known brands with proprietary products, a vertically integrated supply chain that gives us unparalleled flexibility on sourcing and control over quality and cost, a leading multichannel platform with almost 54% of our business already transacted online, a world-class customer service model, a strong balance sheet, operating income and cash flow, along with our commitment to operational excellence and a proven track record of strong financial discipline, give us the confidence that we will be able to continue the momentum we are seeing in our business and to deliver long-term sustainable growth and financial returns for our shareholders.
 I would now like to open up the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Peter Benedict with Baird. 
Peter Benedict: So I guess my first question is just around Outward, and you brought it up a few times in the script. And it sounds like it's playing a nice role in the business, but you bracket out of the adjusted numbers. I'm just -- can you remind us what the thought process is there? And is there a plan to kind of put them -- put that business back into the numbers at some point down the road? 
Julie Whalen: This is Julie. So what you have to remember is the biggest component of the piece that we are backing out is associated with the amortization or the accrual of the costs as part of the acquisition. So for example, there's the amortization of the intangible assets and then there is the accrual of the earnout piece based on our probability of reaching their metrics. And so that, to us, is associated with the transaction and so that is backed out. As far as the actual operations of the business, they're currently in the ramp-up stage, and so we probably estimate that in a year to 2 years, they'll be back into our business. 
Peter Benedict: Okay. And then my other question was just around the one inventory view. Can you give us a little more color on your progress there? And when are you going to get there? And what that's going to do for you once you achieve that milestone? 
Laura Alber: Sure, Peter, this is Laura. There's a lot of this that is confidential, but let me tell you that what we're putting together. First is the furniture aspect of it because we're shipping that directly to the customer, anyway. They don't pick it up in the stores. And that really allows us to optimize the inventory, be better in stock but also not have the excess in individual channels because currently, we hold it both separately electronically but also physically, so we're putting that together. The further piece of the CMO business, which is the conveyable mail order business, is to common. We have a lot of factors to consider before we make that decision. We're focused right now on putting the furniture together for the balance of the year. 
Operator: We'll move next to Michael Lasser with UBS. 
Michael Lasser: Can you give us a sense of how the selling margin was ex some of the accounting adjustments in the quarter? And what have you prospectively assumed for the impact of the accounting adjustment in your guidance in the third quarter and what's implied for the fourth quarter as well? 
Julie Whalen: We haven't disclosed per se how it plays out by line except to say that it is the largest component -- selling margin expansion is the largest component out of the 130 basis point expansion on gross margin and then next is occupancy. But the proximate 60 basis points that we said was associated with the largest piece of the accounting change, is exactly what we estimate will continue in the guidance. We've been saying it's going to be about 60 to 70 basis points of shift between gross margin, SG&A, and about 50 to 100 basis points on the revenue line, and that's exactly how it came out this quarter. 
Michael Lasser: Okay. And do you expect that for the next 2 quarters as well? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. 
Operator: We'll move next to Matt Fassler with Goldman Sachs. 
Matthew Fassler: My first question relates to shipping costs, shipping expenses. We didn't hear a lot about that today which, I guess, is good news. If you could talk about why that seems to have faded as a challenge, whether it's the environment, whether it's efficiencies that you're seeing, whether it's the sales volume that's helping you overcome any headwinds associated with that. 
Julie Whalen: Matt, it's Julie. We still had pressure from shipping costs. I don't think we should give the wrong impression there. I think the difference is that we had supply chain efficiencies that completely offset it, and so the emphasis in the gross margin on why it expanded was selling margins and occupancy leverage. And so we're still feeling pressure. As we said, we just lapped the flat rate shipping costs in Q2 with West Elm. We've been now lapping in Q3 the UPS contract, but there's still ongoing cost pressure from a shipping perspective, especially given the mix of what we sell. The more that we sell towards oversized for UPS, for example, or more furniture, there still will continue to be pressure on the shipping line. But what we're pleased about is that with the supply chain efficiencies that we've been able to generate and the incremental ones we've identified that we are going to be able to offset that. 
Matthew Fassler: Got you. And then just a very quick follow-up. You gave a very crisp explanation of the impact of the accounting change on gross margin this quarter. I think it was 60 basis points to gross margin. Given that there was so much disclosure in Q1 and you changed that a bit, can you just give us the equivalent number in Q1? Was it also 60 basis points or was it a different number? 
Julie Whalen: I think it was around 70 basis points, but we can circle back with that. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll move next to Steve Forbes with Guggenheim Securities. 
Steven Forbes: Maybe regarding BOPIS. I think we talked about this last quarter, but can you discuss how that offering performed during the second quarter within the Williams-Sonoma brand and then maybe just update us on the scheduled rollout to the other brands within the portfolio? 
Laura Alber: Yes, sure. It's working well in both Williams-Sonoma and in PBK and driving footsteps and also customer experience because it's very convenient. They really like it, the feedback is great. We wanted to leverage our learning from Williams-Sonoma and PK before we scale to Pottery Barn and West Elm to make sure that we -- that our customers receive the best experience possible. And currently, the West Elm rollout is planned for October, well ahead of the peak season. 
Operator: We'll move next to Greg Melich with MoffettNathanson. 
Gregory Melich: I'll keep it with one. You mentioned, Julie, at the end about tariffs and sourcing and your flexibility there. That 15% of COGS, is that direct or indirect that you're importing? I assume that, that is China and that's what the current $200 billion that are proposed? 
Julie Whalen: Yes, associated with China is based on the $200 billion, but it's based on our total direct and indirect estimate as to what is coming from China, to total company. 
Gregory Melich: Got it. And if it was -- could you help us with how much is imported from China if it went from $200 billion to that -- the broader tweet of 500? 
Julie Whalen: We have not analyzed that as to how much will be actually impacted by the goods that we sell from China. So I'll get back to you on that. 
Operator: Next we'll move to Chuck Grom with Gordon Haskett. 
Charles Grom: Just on the guidance, in order to back in the $0.90 to $0.95, looks like you're expecting about 100 basis points of operating margin compression on a similar compare to a year ago. And obviously, in the second quarter, you were roughly flat. First quarter, you were up a little bit. So I'm just wondering what the drivers are for that deceleration. And if you could break it out between gross and SG&A, that would be very helpful. 
Julie Whalen: Sure. The biggest drivers are within SG&A and there's 2 things that are driving it: one, last year at this time in Q3, we had lower incentive compensation expense associated with performance-based compensation that we didn't earn. And so this year, we have -- given our outperformance year-to-date, we have higher incentive compensation that's running through. The other piece is the incremental reinvestment of our tax savings that's coming into Q3 associated with our hourly wages and in digital advertising. The hourly wages, we have had a full quarter of the retail. Last quarter, we had a little bit of distribution center hourly wage impact. This quarter, we'll have in Q3, a full quarter of the distribution center impact, plus you have to realize as we start to hire seasonal hires for both retail and distribution, they are typically hourly, and so they'll also have that impact of the higher wages, and so it is purely a function of our reinvestment and the prior year lower compensation expense. I wouldn't read anything else into it. We still have the same expectations from a selling margin and gross margin perspective, and the health of the business. 
Charles Grom: Okay. So I guess, just as a quick follow-up, obviously, there's a little bit improvement in the cadence of your merchandise margins, selling margins here in 2Q relative to 1Q, so you'd expect that to continue in the third quarter? 
Julie Whalen: Yes, I don't know if I'd peg it exactly to the cadence delta between Q1 and Q2 and assume that cadence goes forward. But we feel very comfortable that the initiatives that we're working on to drive expanded selling margins should be sustainable. 
Operator: We move next to Kate McShane with Citi. 
Kate McShane: Just when looking at your guidance today, what do we need to see to get to the high end of the top line? I ask because it looks like the beat in the first half is the driver of the increased guidance. And it seems like from an execution standpoint and a macro standpoint, demand is accelerating. So could you maybe walk us through what could -- what scenario gets us to the higher end of your top line guide? 
Julie Whalen: Are you talking about the revenue side? 
Kate McShane: Yes. 
Julie Whalen: Well, I think the one thing you have to keep in mind is as we bring down our inventory levels especially towards the back half of the year, we're going to have less clearance inventory to be able to drive clearance sales. And so we're being very thoughtful in how we set that revenue guidance in light of that. Now obviously, that will help with selling margins and expansion there, but we're being thoughtful about where we set that guidance. Now on the flip side, if you look at the guidance we set on revenue for Q3, it's relatively in line with where we've been, especially at the high end. And on a 2-year basis, it's accelerating and same thing with the Q4 implied guidance. We have -- Q4 last year, you may recall, was one of the highest Q4s we've had in 5 years and was driven by Williams-Sonoma had the biggest piece of that in Q4, and they had one of the highest Q4s in 8 years. And so just if you look on a 2-year basis, we are seeing acceleration. 
Operator: Next we have Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. 
Simeon Gutman: I have a question on Pottery Barn. The business is stabilizing and improving. I wanted to ask if it's consistent with what you expected. And if you're being purposeful about promotions or discounts in it so that you're not overstimulating sales in favor -- well, you're not pushing it more in sales and favor profit. 
Laura Alber: Yes, absolutely. Pottery Barn is really -- the team has done so much good work, both in product but also in the presentation of the product, both in-store and online. As I mentioned, our new Pottery Barn stores are performing better than we expected. Our online experience has dramatically changed, and it's allowing us to reduce the amount of overall promotions but also streamline them, make them clear and have less of them and also at the same time, clearance is being reduced. And so absolutely, we are favoring the regular price sales, the higher-margin sales versus competing just on price. And right now, I believe strongly that the Pottery Barn momentum is going to continue because the product, the strategies going forward are all incremental to what we're seeing today and what we're seeing today is working. So we're quite optimistic and really proud of the team and all of their hard work and vision. 
Operator: And next we have Christopher Horvers with JPMorgan. 
Christopher Horvers: So I wanted to follow up on the selling margin question. If you look at it, it looks like selling margins were sort of flattish in the back -- in the first half of '17 and then with the EPS and finishing the roll at a flat rate, they looked like they were down over 100 basis points in the back half of '17. So was it all the UPS in the rollout of the flat rate? And as you think about an environment where it looks like you're optimizing your promotional posture, it looked like free ship days were down year-over-year, why shouldn't we assume that those selling margins, which were up in the second quarter, see a substantial step-up in the back half? 
Julie Whalen: Well, so the biggest driver before, going back to 2017, was both shipping and merchandise margins. And so as we move through the year, we still have the shipping pressure and we're starting to see the merchandise margins, as you can tell from Q1 to Q2, a substantial change in expansion. But I wouldn't assume that, that same acceleration to that degree, which was my point earlier on the other question, that you can assume that cadence as we move throughout the year. But we are very optimistic about where we landed on Q2 and our ability to drive the top line and expanded merchandise margins that we should be able to see that continue. So then it comes down to a function of all the other pieces within selling margins to determine where that plays out. 
Christopher Horvers: Understood. And then I just have one quick follow-up. If you think about Sonoma being really important in the fourth quarter, as you mentioned, Sonoma did decelerate. Was there something on the merchandising side, a certain category? Do you think maybe in a way they eclipsed you in the second quarter or something like that? And what gives you the confidence around the fourth quarter on that brand? 
Laura Alber: Sure. It's Laura. We saw in Sonoma in Q2, actually, on a 2-year basis, one of the strongest comps we've seen. And summer season is the one that's most different because of the outdoor cooking element. A full 100 basis points of the comp was that last year we did some Williams-Sonoma Home sell-off that we did not anniversary this year, and that resulted in higher margins in our Williams-Sonoma Home business, which was a great thing, but we obviously didn't comp those sell-off of those items last year. So we're very optimistic about the back half. We have some opportunity to get better in stock in some of the runaway products, and so we know that, that's going to happen based on our inventory flow. We had some out of stocks in some key areas this quarter in Sonoma, which should not continue. And the other thing that gives me a lot of confidence is the customer count, which we mentioned is always an indicator of what's to come. And the customer counts are very strong, and our digital marketing efforts are really driving that business. Felix, you want to make a few comments about Sonoma in the back half in the margin strategy? 
Felix Carbullido: Sure. As Laura mentioned, we have not seen this momentum for a few years in terms of heading into the back half in Sonoma. Our customer counts are up double digits, especially in the direct channel. Or as Laura said, we see continued growth there. So our marketing mix as well is geared more than ever as we head into third and fourth quarter towards where we see our greatest source of acquisition, which is more digital than ever. So we're very excited about what is ahead for Sonoma in the back half. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll move next to Seth Basham with Wedbush. 
Seth Basham: My question is on the furniture category broadly. How did that outperform this quarter relative to recent quarters? And on a related note, I believe you guys increased flat rate delivery fees for furniture earlier this year. What kind of elasticity did you see with that move? 
Laura Alber: We haven't broken out furniture. I will say that based on looking at the numbers that are published industry-wide, we are gaining share and we're doing it more profitably than most. And that's very exciting. We all know that the macro, the consumer's been in better shape but we are also seeing that our strategies are really working and gaining those customers to our brands, and that's evidenced by what Felix just said about the new customer growth. We're bringing them in on the lower ticket and they're converting to furniture. And we're also improving as we talked about earlier, our in-stock and reducing our overstocks, which is great. In terms of the shipping fees, I think we tested a lot of different things, which is what you might be seeing but there wasn't any recent change, though. 
Operator: Next we'll move to Cristina Fernndez with Telsey Advisory Group. 
Cristina Fernandez: I wanted to ask on real estate. Could you update us where you are in your negotiations with landlords as far as the 80 stores you identified earlier this year for potential closure or favorable lease terms over the next couple of years? And related to the topic, with the strong performance you are seeing under remodels for Pottery Barn, adding Williams-Sonoma Home to the Williams-Sonoma stores, do you see the potential to accelerate those remodels going forward? 
Julie Whalen: So first of all, I think you mentioned 80 stores. 80 stores was the number we gave associated with store closures or potential store closures over the next 3 years based on a population of 250. We have 30 that's planned for this year and those are on target. Those aren't early lease terminations, they're just regular terminations. And then we made progress, as what Laura alluded to in her prepared remarks, on some of the early store closures that we're aggressively going after, with the shutdown of 2 stores and then the impairment of 5 other stores. And so we're pleased with the progress. Obviously, there's still quite a bit more to do on that, but good news is that we're making progress. As far as the remodels, those are phenomenal and we are moving faster on those as we continue to see that they are doing really well from a profitability standpoint and a top line perspective. So you'll continue to see more of those. 
Laura Alber: So we like to do those when we re-up the lease, so that we have the longest life possible on these stores. 
Operator: And we have time for one last question and that will be from Jonathan Matuszewski with Jefferies. 
Jonathan Matuszewski: The spend in The Key reward members is really impressive. Anything you can share there regarding the profile of this customer group? Is the greater spend driven by frequency of visit or higher ticket or both? And any updates on how many members are enrolled within the program? 
Felix Carbullido: Sure. Thanks. This is Felix. Well, I'm excited for that question. We don't disclose the number of members as of yet. We believe The Key is a competitive advantage from a program structure perspective. But what I can share with you is they are 3x more likely to shop across our family of brands. We think there's a material opportunity in terms of customers shopping across our 7 brands, especially during holiday. So we know that they shop more brands and they spend more than our average nonmember. So this is a very healthy customer during these stages of The Key. And we know that for fourth quarter, we see a tremendous opportunity to get them shopping across our brands and as they start to shop for the holidays. 
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I'll now turn the conference call back over to Ms. Alber for any additional or closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: Yes. I want to thank you all for joining us. Thank you for your support and a big thank you to our team who's worked so hard to produce these results and who will continue to. Look forward to talking to you next time. 
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude our conference call for today. We thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Elise Wang, Vice President of Investor Relations, to discuss non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking statements. Please go ahead. 
Elise Wang: Thank you. Good afternoon. This call should be considered in conjunction with the press release that we issued earlier today. Our discussion today will relate to results and guidance based on certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and our explanation of why the non-GAAP financial measures may be useful are discussed in exhibit 1 of our press release.
 We adopted the new revenue recognition standard, ASU No. 2014-09, effective January 29, 2018, using the modified retrospective method. As a result, our Q1 2018 results and forward-looking guidance are provided using the standard. For additional detail, please see exhibit 2 of our press release.
 This call also contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which address the financial conditions, results of operations, business initiatives, trends, guidance, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2018 and beyond and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company's current press release and SEC filings, including the most recent 10-K for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call.
 I will now turn the conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer. 
Laura Alber: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me are Julie Whalen, our Chief Financial Officer; Felix Carbullido, our Chief Marketing Officer; and Yasir Anwar, our Chief Technology Officer.
 Following a robust fourth quarter, we saw continued strength in the first quarter. We achieved strong results against our guidance range across all metrics with our e-commerce revenues outpacing to almost 54% of our total revenue. These results speak to the power of our multichannel model, distinctive brand portfolio and world-class customer service heritage, all of which are our company's competitive strengths. Based on this strong start to the year, we are raising our full year revenue guidance by $20 million and our EPS by $0.03.
 Now let me provide an overview of Q1 results and discuss some of our accomplishments this quarter against our strategic priorities. In the first quarter, revenue and comp growth exceeded the high end of our guidance range at 8.2% and 5.5%, respectively, driven by strong performance across all of our brands. The Pottery Barn brands delivered another strong quarter with broad-based growth, particularly in customer demand and e-commerce. Our Williams-Sonoma brand drove an outstanding comp of 5.6%, while our Pottery Barn children's business substantially improved to deliver a comp of 5.3%.  In West Elm, comp was up 9% year-over-year and revenues continue to grow double digits. And our emerging brands, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham, achieved another quarter of double-digit comp growth. Our EPS of $0.67 for the quarter also surpassed the high end of our guidance range.
 Now I'd like to talk about our strategic priorities. We've always put the customer at the center of everything we do, and hence, we continue to focus on execution in digital leadership, product innovation, retail transformation and operational excellence. Starting with digital leadership. We are enhancing the e-commerce experience through 2 key differentiators: content and convenience. Leveraging our strong heritage in product storytelling, we are updating our shop path across all brands with more accurate and compelling content that inspires confidence in our customers to furnish their homes with us. To make online shopping more convenient, we've added PayPal and Venmo as mobile wallet options, which have driven measurable improvements in conversion and check-out abandonment rates. We also introduced online self-service scheduling capability for in-home delivery to give customers more visibility and control over the delivery process. This new feature has really reduced care center calls and hold times at our distribution hubs. In Q2, we'll be launching SMS notification of order status to further improve customer visibility at all stages of the shopping experience.
 Across brands, we launched the next phase of our loyalty program, The Key, which now enables customers to enroll directly in store as well as view and manage their rewards on any of our brand websites. Since the launch of this new phase, we've seen a three-fold increase in the pace of customer enrollment and more frequent engagement with our loyal customers. Combined with our leading-edge customer data and analytics, we're able to personalize our marketing efforts more efficiently and reinvest in other brand awareness activities. Looking ahead to Q2, we'll be rolling out buy online, pick up in store in our Pottery Barn and West Elm brands, following strong customer response in the Williams-Sonoma and Pottery Barn Kids brands.
 With regards to Outward, which is our recently acquired 3D imaging and augmented reality platform, we have developed a road map for integration over the next 2 years. We are currently deep in the process of loading all of our assets with over 85% of our core assets already completed. This will allow us to introduce more design tools in the coming months to support our customers with their home decorating needs, including digital room planning and new product visualization experiences.  In parallel, we are leveraging the same platforms to support and -- our associates in providing best-in-class design services in retail. Combined, these initiatives will enable us to deliver a new standard of photorealistic, content-rich online experiences.
 In digital advertising, we are continuing our transition from catalog mailing to higher-impact digital channels as we further refine our marketing mix to drive short-term ROI and long-term gains in customer growth. We are already seeing payback on our investments from last year.
 In Q1, our customer traffic and revenue growth in e-commerce reached their highest level since 2014. We continue to see more opportunity in top-of-funnel vehicles, and we plan to make incremental investments across the digital marketing ecosystem that focus on delivering inspiration and personalized content across various digital touch points.
 As far as testing new channels, West Elm launched its second round of addressable TV in April, building on the momentum and success of its House Proud campaign from late last year. We also began testing augmented reality in digital advertising on key advertising platforms. From search to banner advertising, initial customer engagement and feedback have been positive.
 Looking ahead to the rest of the year, we will continue to be aggressive in identifying high-impact tactics across brands and platforms to accelerate the momentum in customer growth across all of our brands. Our history of performance-driven marketing is perfectly suited to today's digital advertising platform, and we are confident that this advantage will drive continued growth in customer metrics and our e-commerce channel.
 I would now like to discuss our strategic priority of product innovation. Our customers come to us for great quality products shown in inspiring ways. Our exclusive in-house design team has allowed us to stay ahead of trends, while our vertically integrated supply chain has enabled us to produce superior quality products that are also sustainably sourced and ethically made.
 In the first quarter, we continue to expand our core offerings with compelling newness and aesthetic diversification while growing brand concepts to new and focused customer categories in collaborations and partnerships. We saw tremendous response to our Lilly Pulitzer collaboration, which is the first of our One Home coordinated releases across the Pottery Barn brands. This collaboration has been successful in reaching and converting younger customers as well as driving a significant increase in e-commerce traffic.
 Our PB Apartment collection continued to perform strongly, growing double digits and attracting new customers to the brand. Our Williams-Sonoma brand saw success in exclusive product launches with key vendor partners such as GreenPan, Staub, Zwilling, Philips and Smeg. We also partnered with celebrity chef, Giada De Laurentiis and social media personality, Gaby Dalkin, on their book tours, which attracted new and loyal customers to our Williams-Sonoma stores.
 In West Elm, we continue to lead in design and expand into new product and customer categories. In Q1, we built upon the success of our new modern aesthetics with product introductions across multiple categories, including casual seating and decorative accessories. And one of the most creative things that I think we've done this year is the launch of our cross-brand collaboration between West Elm and Pottery Barn Kids. This 50-plus piece collection marks West Elm's first foray into the baby and kids category and distinctively combines the brand's signature modern aesthetic with Pottery Barn Kids' industry expertise and craftsmanship. We see significant opportunity in the children's home furnishings market for a collection that's modern, high quality and sustainably made. We look forward to expanding this collaboration throughout the rest of this year. Looking ahead to Q2, we have an exciting pipeline of product introductions and innovative collaborations across our brands, and we look forward to sharing more with you next quarter.
 Third, continuing with our retail transformation, we believe the store experience is a critical differentiator in new customer acquisition, establishing brand loyalty and driving sales across retail and e-commerce. In Q1, both our retail revenue and comp growth accelerated from last year, which speaks to all of our efforts to enhance the retail experience. We believe our secret sauce is the people in our stores and the service they offer, and they continue to inspire all of us.
 We're also gaining momentum in our cross-brand design service, Design Crew, which is driving increasing sales in-store and in our customers' homes. In terms of our fleet optimization, we are making progress in reducing unproductive store footprints while, at the same time, investing in high-impact store remodels and relocations, which are driving significant outperformance in those stores. For example, our most recent Pottery Barn store relocation from Fort Lauderdale to River Market is currently trending at double-digit growth compared to the prior store location. We also continued the expansion of Williams-Sonoma Home in the first quarter. We added 6 more locations in Williams-Sonoma stores, bringing the total to 67 locations, which contributed to another quarter of double-digit growth in the brand and increased traffic and sales in those Williams-Sonoma stores.
 Lastly, we are committed to operational excellence, to further improve customer service and reduce costs. In Q1, as a result of all of our inventory initiatives, our inventory growth stalled at plus 1.5%, which was significantly lower than our sales growth. As you know, inventory management is a top priority across all of our brands and a key driver of customer satisfaction and more efficient operations. To reduce inventory levels as well as backorders, aged inventory and out-of-market shipping costs, we are working with our overseas vendors for more in-time inventory and frequent flow. We've also implemented a new inventory planning software, which should improve our inventory position in each of our regional DCs.
 In other parts of the supply chain, we reduced production lead times in our manufacturing facilities by 11% and further improved our packaging and order consolidation in our distribution centers to provide a quicker and more efficient order processing and fulfillment experience for our customers. Our regionalization and hub excellence continue to drive improvements in returns and replacements as well as a 28% reduction in total damages company wide. Despite this progress, there is still significant opportunity for us to further improve the customer experience and further drive cost efficiency. We will continue to take down our inventory levels while improving our in-stocks through all of our inventory initiatives, including the transition to one inventory, which will allow us to manage inventory across channels and improve productivity and throughput across our regionalized distribution networks. We will also focus on increasing order visibility and speed of delivery to the customer while further reducing returns and damages and the number of escalation calls to our care center. We consider the move to one inventory to be one of the most strategic breakthroughs of the last several years.
 Now let's turn to our global business, which is one of our key growth initiatives over the long term. We are pleased to deliver another quarter of improved profitability and double-digit revenue growth in our company-owned operations in Australia, the U.K. and Canada with our e-commerce business being particularly strong in the quarter. We continued our retail expansion in the U.K. with the opening of our third company-owned West Elm location and a wholesale location in the John Lewis department store in the premier Westfield London shopping center. We are focused on driving brand awareness in that market as we prepare for the launch of Pottery Barn Kids in the second half of the year.
 Across Mexico, South Korea and the Middle East, our existing franchise partners added another 8 retail locations in the first quarter. We remain committed to our long-term global strategy of multichannel expansion into larger-sized markets, particularly Asia and Europe. Our success to date underscores the potential of our businesses in these large global markets.
 In summary, we're pleased with our start to fiscal 2018. In addition to driving top line and EPS growth, our customer satisfaction continues to improve. Our customer counts continue to increase and our inventory growth is declining as we continue to drive efficiencies throughout our business. Customers are at the center of everything we do, and we remain firmly focused on delivering both the inspiration and superior service to transform their houses into homes. We are very optimistic about our growth prospects ahead, and we look forward to updating you on our progress next quarter.
 Before I turn the call over to Julie to discuss our financial results, I want to take this opportunity to thank all of our associates. It is with their passion and commitment that we are able to continue delivering superior quality products and services that are truly unrivaled in the industry. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon, everyone. We are pleased to start the year with a strong quarter of operational and financial performance. We outperformed on both the top and bottom line with high single-digit revenue growth, strong comps across all brands, a return to double-digit e-commerce growth and operating margin above last year and EPS above our expectations. These results demonstrate our ability to once again execute against our growth and operational initiatives while, at the same time, maintain strong financial discipline.
 Before I review our performance in more detail, I would like to remind everyone that our first quarter 2018 results include the financial impact from the implementation of a new accounting standard associated with revenue recognition. This standard primarily requires us to reclass other income from SG&A into net revenues to accelerate the timing of our revenue recognition for certain merchandise shipped to our customers and to accelerate the timing of our gift card breakage income. As a result, our Q1 2018 results include an approximate year-over-year benefit of $13.6 million in net revenues and $1.6 million or $0.01 in earnings associated with this change in accounting. From a rate perspective, this amounts to a benefit of approximately 130 basis points of revenue growth, including 150 basis points in e-commerce and 120 basis points in retail; 30 basis points of comparable brand revenue growth; 70 basis points of gross margin improvement; 60 basis points of SG&A deleverage; and 10 basis points of operating margin improvement, including 40 basis points of leverage in e-commerce and 10 basis points of deleverage in retail and corporate unallocated.
 Now I would like to review our first quarter results in more detail. During the first quarter, net revenues were $1,202,000,000 for a year-over-year growth of 8.2%, and comparable brand revenue growth was 5.5%, an improvement of 540 basis points over last year. Growth was strong with significant year-over-year acceleration across all brands.
 Our Williams-Sonoma brand delivered a 5.6% comp on top of the 3.2% comp last year, which was their best quarterly comp performance in 4 years. The Pottery Barn brand delivered another quarter of strong performance with a revenue comp of 2.7% and demand comp accelerating sequentially to the strongest we've seen since Q2 of 2015. This demonstrates the effective execution of our strategic initiatives and the continued momentum in the brand. Both Pottery Barn Kids and PBteen saw substantial improvement in their businesses from last year resulting in a 4.3% comp and an 8.2% comp, respectively. Combined, our Pottery Barn children's business drove an accelerated comp of 5.3%. In the West Elm brand, revenue comp was up 9% versus last year, and revenues continued to grow double-digits, resulting in another quarter of strong performance. And our newer businesses, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham, as well as our international business all delivered profitable double-digit comps.
 By channel, revenue growth continued to accelerate in both retail and e-commerce. E-commerce net revenues grew by 11.2% to a record high of 53.7% of total company revenues compared to 52.2% last year. This growth was a significant acceleration over last year as well as sequentially with all brands delivering net revenue growth.
 In our retail channel, net revenues increased 4.9%, which reflects our ongoing focus on our retail transformation and the continued success we are seeing across our various retail initiatives to elevate the customer experience, including our value-added in-home design service and our high performing store remodels.
 Moving down the income statement. Gross margin for the first quarter was 36% compared to 35.6% last year. The year-over-year gross margin improvement of 40 basis points was primarily driven by the benefit we saw from the reclass of other income into revenues from the implementation of the new revenue recognition standard as well as overall occupancy leverage and supply chain efficiencies.
 Occupancy costs of $173 million or 14.4% of net revenues leveraged 70 basis points, which includes an approximate 20 basis point benefit from the adoption of the new standard. This was partially offset by lower selling margins resulting from our strategic decision to provide more value to our customers through more competitive product pricing as well as higher year-over-year shipping costs.  Shipping costs were impacted by higher rates associated with our new UPS contract, which we discussed in previous quarters, and a higher demand for furniture during the quarter, which is more expensive to ship. We are pleased to see another quarter of strong occupancy leverage and supply chain efficiencies, which allowed us to more than offset these increased costs.
 SG&A for the first quarter was 29.7% this year versus 29.5% last year. This 20 basis point deleverage was associated with the reclass of other income out of SG&A and into net revenues due to the adoption of the new accounting standard. This was partially offset by advertising and employment leverage due to the outperformance we saw on our top line and overall strong financial discipline. As a result, our operating margin for the first quarter was 6.3%, which was 20 basis points over last year. And we delivered operating income of over $75 million, an increase of 10.3% over last year. As we said on our last call, we are committed to operating income dollar growth relatively in line with revenue growth. And we are pleased that even excluding the benefit from the change in accounting, we were able to achieve operating income growth that exceeded revenue growth in the first quarter.
 By channel, the operating margin in the e-commerce channel was 23% versus 22.7% last year. This 30 basis point improvement was primarily driven by the accelerated timing of revenue recognition for certain merchandise shipped to our customers from the adoption of the new accounting standard as well as overall advertising and occupancy leverage, primarily due to the outperformance we saw on the top line and the continued optimization of our advertising spend. This was partially offset by lower selling margins.
 The operating margin in the retail channel was 4% versus 4.1% in 2017. This 10 basis point deleverage was primarily driven by lower selling margins partially offset by employment and occupancy leverage from higher year-over-year revenues. And corporate unallocated expenses as a rate represented 7.9% of net revenues versus 7.7% last year. The 20 basis point increase is primarily driven by higher year-over-year employment and employment-related costs as well as lower other income that was reclassed to net revenues within the e-commerce and retail channels from the adoption of the new accounting standard.
 The effective income tax rate in the first quarter was 23.8% compared to 34.5% last year. The lower year-over-year tax rate primarily reflects a reduced federal tax rate associated with the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. First quarter 2018 diluted earnings per share were $0.67 compared to $0.51 last year, growing $0.16 or 31.4%.
 Moving to the balance sheet. Cash at the end of the quarter was $290 million versus $94 million last year. In the first quarter, we invested $34 million in the business and returned $72 million to stockholders through share repurchases and dividends, comprising $38 million in share repurchases and $34 million in dividends. Merchandise inventories at the end of the first quarter were $1,053,000,000 or 1.5% growth on last year, which was significantly lower than our revenue growth. As Laura mentioned, inventory optimization continues to be a key area of focus for us, and we are pleased to see that our initiatives to reduce our inventory levels and improve customer metrics are working.
 Now I'd like to discuss our second quarter and fiscal year 2018 guidance. We are confident in the strength of our business and are therefore raising our fiscal 2018 full year guidance. Based on our strong execution so far and the momentum we have seen across our business, we now expect net revenues to grow to a range of $5,495,000,000 to $5,655,000,000 from our previous guidance range of $5,475,000,000 to $5,635,000,000, and we now expect our diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $4.15 to $4.25 compared to a range of $4.12 to $4.22 previously provided. All other financial guidance within the press release remains unchanged from the previous guidance. As a reminder, fiscal 2018 includes a 53rd week.
 For the second quarter of 2018, we expect to grow net revenues to a range of $1,250,000,000 to $1,275,000,000, with comparable brand revenue growth in the range of 3% to 5%, and we expect diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $0.65 to $0.70. As a reminder, our guidance reflects the reporting benefit from the adoption of the new revenue recognition accounting standard, which we estimate going forward will be approximately 50 to 100 basis points of revenue growth, 60 to 70 basis points of margin shift between gross margin and SG&A and an immaterial impact on earnings.
 We are also reiterating our commitment to maintaining a balanced capital allocation strategy in fiscal year 2018. We plan to utilize our strong operating cash flow to first invest in the business in those areas that will fuel our growth and provide the highest returns, and we remain committed to returning excess cash to our shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends.
 In summary, we are excited about our strong start to 2018 and the momentum we are seeing in our business. These results, combined with our long-term growth opportunities and our competitive advantages, including a portfolio of well-known and loved brands delivering superior customer experiences, our leading multichannel model with almost 54% of our business already transacted online, our commitment to operational excellence and our proven track record of strong financial discipline give us confidence that we will be able to deliver long-term sustainable growth for our shareholders.
 I would now like to open up the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Kate McShane with Citi. 
Kate McShane: It's encouraging to see your guidance for the second quarter. Just looking at it on a 2-year stack, even at the low end of your comp revenue guidance, it does imply a noticeable acceleration. Just wondering if you could walk through some of the factors that are going to exist in Q2 that maybe didn't exist in Q1, which would drive that faster comp revenue growth on a sequential basis. 
Laura Alber: It's Laura. We have -- we are seeing great momentum in both our customer numbers but also in sales on programs that are just getting started. And with that, we also have an exciting pipeline of new product introductions, innovative collaborations across all of our brands. We also have a pretty robust e-commerce release plan for the second quarter and a real focus on content, which we're testing and seeing a lot of great response from, from our customers. We have some, as I said, technology rollouts that are substantial from BOPIS, and then we continue to further optimize our inventory to not only take down the levels of overstocks but also to get better in-stocks, which we've been seeing simultaneous to taking down the total levels. Usually, you see us take down the levels and then backorders and all those things climb, And actually, our backorder create rate is one of the best numbers we've seen in a long time. So there's a lot of good things happening, and I also mentioned in my script the next phase of loyalty with The Key. We're just getting started on that. So it's a combination of products and operational and technology improvements that I think should really benefit the second quarter and further for that matter. 
Kate McShane: That's helpful. And if I could just follow up with one question with regards to the remodels. I know you gave one dimension of a change in relocation and the comp lift you saw. Could you talk about the lift that you're getting from the remodels? And what is the commitment to how many stores you're remodeling this year? 
Laura Alber: We have different store model strategies in each of our brands, and we've really seen great response, particularly in the Pottery Barn brand. All the brands have been successful, but Pottery Barn, as our largest brand, is one where we see a lot of opportunity because the multi -- we've done enough of them now to see that it's sustaining. And so we're being aggressive about doing it where we re-up the lease and where it makes sense in the markets that are strong. And I don't believe we've given those numbers. 
Julie Whalen: I think we said up to 10 before, but I think, as it continues to outperform that we might do more given the results that we've seen today. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Matt Fassler with Goldman Sachs. 
Matthew Fassler: I have 2 questions, and the first relates to the Williams-Sonoma business. This is, in a sense, your most mature business, but it's putting up, among your 2 big businesses, the better comp and a very good comp at this moment. Kind of high level, if you think about the merchandise and culture of the organization, any kind of merchandising or marketing themes that are helping to lift the results here? What would you have us really focus on? 
Laura Alber: Yes. I would say that we continue to offer really differentiated product strategies, and we continue to introduce exclusive products with key vendor partners. And we have expanded our offerings substantially in the Williams-Sonoma-branded professional-quality cookware, our Open Kitchen value line, and we continue to increase the collaboration with celebrity chefs and style icons to further grow our brand reach. In addition, Williams-Sonoma Home continues to perform strongly and has a -- it's material in terms of dollars per square foot in our stores. And we added more to retail and in addition to that, we have a thriving e-commerce business, which has been a key driver of brand growth. We've directed more of our marketing spend to digital. We strengthened our content and messaging and improved the level of personalization we deliver. And we're really excited about also BOPIS and how it's attracting new customers and driving traffic and additional spend in-store. So there's a great DNA of the brand that we've always had as the premier multichannel retailer of high-quality housewares, and we continue to see strength in our ability to grow despite a competitive backdrop. 
Matthew Fassler: And then my follow-up, we spent a lot of the fourth quarter call talking about real estate and the message that you're essentially sending that there are a lot of renegotiations to be done and that you're willing to walk from quite a few sites as leases came up for renewal. Any update on what you're seeing from the landlord community as you go to market here? 
Laura Alber: Yes. I mean, we have great partnerships with some landlords, and we're making progress against that initiative. You saw us close some stores this quarter. We will continue to do that where the stores aren't strategically appropriate or where the landlords are not willing to be flexible and long term focused. But our stores remain one of our key competitive advantages, and they're critical to driving new customer acquisitions. So at the same time that we're closing, you also see us investing in the experience for our customers. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Michael Lasser with UBS. 
Michael Lasser: There's a lot of moving pieces with the guidance and the updates to the guidance, both from the revenue classification perspective and then also in terms of the outperformance for the first quarter. Julie, can you just walk us through mechanically what changed to you -- from your previous guidance to where it stands today? 
Julie Whalen: Sure. Basically, the simple way to answer that is we took half of the beat from Q1 on the top and the bottom line and rolled it through. Obviously, it's early in the year. There's a lot of 2018 ahead of us, and so we thought that was prudent at this time. And so if you look at the outperformance, you can do the back math and see that's how we came up with it. 
Michael Lasser: And so your margins in the first quarter ex the reclassification came in basically where you thought they're going to be. And did you change any of your assumptions between the geography of your gross margin and your SG&A, excluding the reclassification for the rest of the year? 
Julie Whalen: No. Excluding the reclassification for accounting for the rest of the year, no. We still should be coming in about 60 to 70 basis points of a margin shift between gross margin and SG&A. We did not obviously, based on our guidance for Q1, assume that we would come in, if you're talking about operating margin, above operating margin. That's because we outperformed in the top line and allowed us to leverage in flow-through. 
Operator: We'll continue on to Peter Benedict with Baird. 
Peter Benedict: First question, the move to 1 inventory, can you just give us some benchmarks or milestones over the next 12 months, 24 months that we should be looking for? And just remind us of kind of the key benefits that you expected to get as you kind of execute that. 
Laura Alber: As I said, it's one of the biggest breakthroughs. We've been working on this for a couple of years. And our Pottery Barn brand is moving first on this initiative, and we've been building the tools to look at it this way and getting the teams trained. And it's going to be a multiyear process, but it's one that we're very excited about. And we will report each quarter on how we're doing, and you'll see it both not just in our total inventory levels but also how we do with our in-stock. 
Peter Benedict: And then just on the Outward business, can you talk a little bit more about the strategic value of that asset, how you're leveraging it within the business today? I mean, you alluded to some stuff in your prepared remarks, Laura, but just trying to think about that. And as we think about the hit to earnings, I know that's backed out of the adjusted earnings. But should -- is it that first quarter run rate something we should think kind of persists as we look through the balance of the year? 
Laura Alber: I'm going to -- Yasir's here, and I'm going to pass the question over to him on Outward. 
Yasir Anwar: Yes. I think Outward is our strategic, in my mind, strength in the world of 3D visualization, and we strongly believe that we will be industry leaders in the space given our business of decorating homes, which is so difficult. And Outward is going to allow us and our customers to have a seamless experience to do that. Two, three things like which are tactical in my mind and then there are a lot more to come in the long term. One is that, as Laura mentioned, that we are going to digitize our assets. If you look at the benefit of Outward comps is in the part of scaling that thing because having an augmented reality experience with 1,000 products, 2,000 products, 10,000 products, it's doable, and I think, everybody is doing it in the market. The key is can you have hundreds of thousands of your product digitized in a 3D way very quickly and fast and then can you make them available for a customer experience. And that's where, I think, we want to put Outward to work. That's the first basic foundational thing, which Laura talked about. Then, how can we build great designing, room planning, home planning experiences with all kind of angles of that somebody can even visualize long term in terms of the lighting arrangements, the places there, they can pick themes of their homes and their rooms, that's what we are working on. And that's not too far out. If you will watch us in June and July, we will be launching products and experiences, which will be much better than what's available in the market and what we even did ourselves where we would provide customer facing as well as designer facing experiences and be able to connect the 2 experiences together to make sure the customer experience is very frictionless there. 
Julie Whalen: And from a financial perspective, we, obviously believe that all that Yasir just spoke to will help with conversion and improve return rates, so drive sales. We also believe there is synergies and cost reductions that they can drive through various areas such as product development, samples, photography and creative costs and a whole host of other opportunities. You mentioned the backout from the non-GAAP perspective. You should expect that run rate going forward, but I think what's important to make crystal clear about that backout is that the majority of it has to do with the amortization of the transaction costs and how we have to account for it. The smallest piece of it has to do with their ongoing operations. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next caller, Greg Melich with MoffettNathanson. 
Gregory Melich: I think I'll stick on SG&A, particularly advertising marketing. I think, Laura, you mentioned -- or, Julie, you mentioned that, that helped on the SG&A side getting more effectiveness out of advertising, but it also sounds like the move to digital and more targeted is giving more lift on the top line. So I'd love to hear what's really changing there. Any sort of metrics in terms of how much of advertising now is digital versus traditional, where the catalog is, to help understand that dynamic that it seems -- maybe to spend less and leverage it and get more on the top line, it seems to be like a real shift. So if you can walk us through, that would be great. 
Julie Whalen: Sure. Most of the spend, as we've been telling you guys for a while now, has been shifting more towards digital, so it's tipped over to be greater than 50% of our total spend for the company, and we're continuing to optimize our catalog spend. So you saw that continue into this quarter. We did heavily invest in digital as part of our, also, reinvestment of our tax savings and when -- we believe that will continue going forward. The big difference this quarter was the outperformance on the top line, and it's a great reminder. As we return to outperforming on the top line, it leverages all, including advertising, and allows us to outperform in the bottom. But I'll turn it over to Felix to walk through a little more detail as to what our investments are and how they're working. 
Felix Carbullido: Sure, and thank you for the question. Our media mix spend is in the channels where customers engage with us most, and more and more, that's online. And it's not just about spend in digital. It's also about finding efficiencies. So while our investments are aggressive in the digital space, we're also finding efficiencies to deliver strong ROIs. As of last year, we insourced over 90% of our marketing campaigns and media spend. We now have a team of Williams-Sonoma, Inc. employees with our own hands on our own keyboards ensuring our spend is most efficient. And I would say secondly, with 7 brands in our portfolio, we're able to develop a cross-company test-and-learn strategy, where we can test on one brand and quickly roll to the other brands in a very efficient manner if the tactic makes sense for each brand's key initiatives. 
Operator: We'll continue on to Chris Horvers with JPMorgan. 
Christopher Horvers: Can you talk about trends in operating income. Last year, EBIT dollars declined 3%, down 4% in 4Q. This quarter, you turned it up sharply, up 10% year-over-year ex NOI -- ex the accounting change. So what changed there? Looking at the guidance, it does look like you're expecting operating income to turn down in 2Q again. So was there something unique to the first quarter that helped drive that higher? Or are there unique costs that hit in the second quarter? 
Julie Whalen: So it's a little bit of both. The first quarter, truly, it's the outperformance and the leverage that creates throughout the P&L. So when you drive that kind of revenue on the top line, especially in the e-commerce channel, you leverage advertising, you leverage occupancy, you leverage just about everything, employment as well. So all of that roll-through helped us on the bottom line from an earnings perspective. Going forward, the difference is that we have more investments from the tax savings we received in the second quarter, and so we mentioned last call that we have -- we're going to be investing in our associates and taking our hourly associates up to $12 per hour. That kicks in, in the second quarter. So it does put more pressure on the operating margin and operating income for the second quarter, different than the first. 
Christopher Horvers: Understood. And then a quick follow-up on the selling margins. Selling margin's down 90, it looks like, ex the accounting change in the first quarter, but this comparison gets a lot easier going into the back half of the year as you start to lap the price and shipping investments. So can you sort of lay out the timing of those investments? And do you think the shipping margin sort of -- or selling margin degradation moderates and flattens out in the back half? 
Julie Whalen: So I mean, for first of all, I want to make sure we're clear on that, on how we performed on the gross margin this quarter. We did have the benefit from the accounting, but we also had 50 basis points, so 70 basis points of leverage, but 50 ex accounting, for occupancy. Plus, we had supply chain benefits. So we had incredible leverage that came through the P&L. We then did, yes, have some investments in merchandise margins and higher shipping costs. From how that's going to play out moving forward, we absolutely expect to have occupancy to continue to leverage as it has. We expect supply chains to continue as they have. Obviously, I've mentioned that we'll have the accounting impact. Shipping costs, we said we'll lap that in Q3 when we lap the higher UPS shipping cost, and we should get some pressure off of that. And we lapped West Elm in this second quarter from the flat rate shipping that we started last year. So we should get some pressure removal from some of those levers, but it obviously depends. 
Operator: Our next quarter will come from Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. 
Simeon Gutman: I wanted to follow up on that, I guess, the EBIT margins guidance as well, and Julie, you mentioned you flowed through about half the beat, which makes sense. I did also want to ask about the move to the flat rate shipping because I would expect that to improve, meaning accelerate, the benefit would accelerate as the year goes on. And then occupancy improvements, that, too, was great this quarter but also would improve. And then bigger picture, you mentioned our goal was to grow EBIT dollars roughly in line with sales. I don't know, you don't have like long-term guidance out there. But is that still the goal long term in that you keep reinvesting back into sales? Or do you try to get the margins up over time? 
Julie Whalen: Well, our definite goal is to have operating income dollars be in line -- relatively in line with revenues. Certainly, we believe, over time, our margins will stabilize, and I think this quarter is the perfect example of the second we start to outperform, it dropped straight down to the bottom. And look where we landed above last year. And so that is where we expect to be over time. But certainly in the short term, we believe that having operating income dollars in line with revenue growth is where the short-term target is. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Chuck Grom with Gordon Haskett. 
Charles Grom: Just wondering if you could just break out for us new customer acquisitions across the -- across your banners. And then also, if you look at exhibit 2, in terms of the cadence of the gross margin and SG&A changes over the balance of the year, I think you called out 70 basis points of a swing to the gross and about 60 to SG&A. When we think about our models for 2Q to 4Q, does that seem like a good proxy for the rest of the year? 
Felix Carbullido: Well, what I can tell you -- and we don't disclose the customer numbers by brand, but what I can tell you is that they're positive across-the-board. And where we are most excited about is in our direct channel, where we saw double-digit increase in all of our brands. And so that gives us, again, more confidence in our marketing strategy being more invested into the digital space. 
Julie Whalen: And as far as your question, if I understood it correctly on SG&A and gross margin, yes, I believe, throughout the rest of the year, due to the accounting, adoption of the new standard, that we will have a shift of 60 to 70 basis points between gross margin and SG&A. I didn't say specifically that it will be 70 for gross margin and 60 for SG&A. But it will be between those 2 numbers for either 1. 
Operator: We'll continue on to Brad Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Bradley Thomas: I want to follow up on the momentum that you have here in the direct business, the strongest quarter in a number of years. It was against a bit of an easier comparison. Could you maybe talk about how confident you are in maybe keeping up this elevated performance and the ability to drive more share gains within the direct channel? 
Laura Alber: Sure. We are quite pleased to raise our full year guidance today. When we last spoke to you, we were excited about the momentum in our business and the strong finish to the year and with the momentum continuing to accelerate in all of our brands and in both channels by the way. We feel very confident in raising our full year outlook to reflect the strong start. And as I said before, we have a large number of exciting initiatives that we're executing against. We've made great progress, and we have strong trends in the customer metrics. And combined with all of the products and operational initiatives we have in the pipeline, we're very optimistic about our ability to maintain this momentum. 
Operator: We'll continue on to Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer. 
Brian Nagel: So my question, I guess, is for Julie, a bit of a follow-up to a prior question. But with regard to shipping costs, we've called this out now as a headwind for a while, including today. Now you mentioned that later this year, you'll lap sort of pricing dynamics, which would help that, I guess, alleviate that headwind. How -- bigger picture, are there other factors that could, over time, limit, sort of say, the impact of shipping costs on your overall business simply -- beyond just simply lapping these pricing dynamics? 
Laura Alber: Yes. I'll take that question because I'm passionate about the opportunities we have, and I know -- this is Laura by the way. I know that we made improvements in our inventory, but I think it's going to be very interesting to see, as we continue forward in our operational improvements to our customer, how much we can further reduce our costs. There's still -- as good as we are doing with large cube, we want to be #1 in large cube delivery, and we have that as a goal. And there's a lot of costs to continue to take out of the supply chain, frankly, and we're very excited about going after that. And that's a big chunk of money from returns, damages. And we're set up really well with this network of regional distribution centers so that we can be as close to the customer as possible, and that allows us to be faster and cheaper than our competition. And we know that the more you haul furniture, the more damage you get. So we see a lot of other vectors that will give us improvement over the long haul. 
Operator: And our final question from today goes to Cristina Fernandez with Telsey Advisory Group. 
Cristina Fernandez: I wanted to follow up on the shipping topic. It looked like, during the quarter, you used free shipping more as a promotional tool than in the past. How is the customer responding to that versus other types of promotion such as pricing? And based on the competitive landscape, where do you think your dollars are better spent? 
Julie Whalen: I mean, the customer always loves free shipping. In fact, I don't think we've done more promotions this quarter year-over-year, but certainly, it's something that's effective. It's just another promotion tool that we use, and so we're going to continue to do that. 
Laura Alber: I'd just say that in terms of total promotional activity, we actually have seen positive trends in reducing and streamlining what we're doing and really focusing on where we have overstock. So as much as you might see a few more free ship days, it's not material. 
Operator: At this time, I'd like to go ahead and turn the conference back over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: Well, I want to thank all of you. I appreciate -- we all appreciate your interest in Williams-Sonoma and your support, and we look forward to talking to you again next quarter. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, again, that does conclude today's conference. Thank you all again for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-03-14 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. 
 I would now like to turn the call over to Elise Wang, Vice President of Investor Relations, to discuss non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking statements. Please go ahead. 
Elise Wang: Thank you, James. Good afternoon. This call should be considered in conjunction with the press release that we issued earlier today. Our discussion today will relate to results and guidance based on certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and our explanation of why the non-GAAP financial measures may be useful are discussed in Exhibit 1 of our press release.
 This call also contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which address the financial conditions, results of operations, business initiatives, trends, guidance, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2018 and beyond, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company's current press release and SEC filings, including the most recent 10-K for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call.
 I will now turn the conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer. 
Laura Alber: Thank you. Good afternoon, and thank you all for joining us. With me today are Julie Whalen, our Chief Financial Officer; Yasir Anwar, our Chief Technology Officer; and Felix Carbullido, our Chief Marketing Officer.
 In 2017, we made significant progress against our strategic priorities to strengthen our competitive advantages and drive accelerated growth. As a result, we saw new customer growth, improved traffic and conversion and accelerated revenue growth in both retail and e-commerce. We ended the year as one of the few retailers of our scale to consistently deliver sustainable top line growth, bottom line profitability and robust cash flow. In 2018, we will aggressively pursue significant growth opportunities across all areas of the business and particularly in our global operations and new business initiatives, which have demonstrated significant potential.
 We will also continue to strategically invest in digital advertising, technology and our customer experience while driving efficiencies and cost savings throughout our business. We are confident in our strategies and our proven track record to further extend our leadership in home furnishings and housewares industry in 2018 and beyond.
 In the context of our overall performance and plan for 2018 and given the benefits of the recent tax reform, we have made the decision to invest in our associates and our customers and in our returns to our shareholders. We'll be raising the hourly wage for associates to $12 per hour in the United States and significantly improving maternity leave benefits. We will also accelerate our digital and supply chain investments to improve the customer experience, which we believe will result in increased sales and reduced costs that are not reflected in our 2018 guidance. And as we announced this morning, we will also enhance return to shareholders as double-digit increase in quarterly dividends and an increase to our share repurchase program.
 We would also like to announce that as part of our ongoing efforts to optimize our retail fleet, we are expediting the closure of a number of underperforming domestic stores. We believe this decision is aligned with shifting consumer behaviors and allows us to better leverage our resources for e-commerce growth. We estimate that we could incur onetime charges of up to approximately $50 million, but we expect to see associated cost savings once these closures are executed. The impact of these closures are not reflected in our guidance.
 Now I want to review our 2017 performance in more detail. We saw the momentum in our business accelerate throughout the year and particularly over the fourth quarter. Our products and operational initiatives drove broad-based comp growth in all of our brands. For the quarter, both revenue and comp growth substantially improved from last year to 6.2% and 5.4%, respectively. For 2017 overall, our 4.1% revenue growth exceeded the high end of our guidance, while our comp revenues were up 3.2%, driven by a 450 basis point acceleration in Pottery Barn, a 190 basis point increase in Williams-Sonoma and another year of double-digit comp growth in West Elm and in our newer businesses, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham.
 For the year, we delivered earnings per share of $3.61 or 5.2% growth on last year. A highlight of 2017 was the progress we made in the Pottery Barn brand. We returned the brand to growth as a result of our strategic initiatives. In addition to our high-quality proprietary products offering, we delivered on our goal to offer customers a value option and more functionality, including the launch of PB Apartment, our smaller scale, multifunctional furniture collection. We also recommitted to decorative accessories and seasonal ideas to attract new customers to the brand. Furthermore, we improved the customer experience with high -- 8 high-impact store remodels and increased personalized content and 3D product visualization tools to make the shopping experience more engaging and friction free.
 As a result of these initiatives, we saw strong improvements in traffic and conversion as well as existing -- new and existing customer counts, which gives us confidence in the future growth of Pottery Barn. We are excited to see this momentum continuing into 2018. We have an exciting product line up with innovation across multiple key categories. Our new aesthetic chapters are resonating with our customers, and we will expand our PB Apartment collection, which we believe is critical to further broadening the appeal and relevance of the brand.
 We will grow our online market share with expanded online-only assortments in underserved categories, trends and aesthetics through domestic drop ship. And we will also continue to refresh our retail experience with up to 10 high-impact remodels of existing Pottery Barn stores in the new year.
 Now I'd like to discuss our total company progress against our 4 strategic priorities: digital leadership, product innovation, retail transformation and operational excellence. We believe these priorities are key to driving top line and earnings growth.
 First, to expand our digital leadership, we accelerated our investments in technology and advertising to drive new customer acquisition, conversion and an improved shopping experience. To highlight some key accomplishments, we enhanced the product storytelling and functional experience of our mobile sites across all of our brands. We made meaningful improvements to our sites and our e-mail personalization program to deepen customer engagement, and we leveraged our digital platform to elevate our cross-channel customer experience with the launch of buy online, pick up in store for the Williams-Sonoma brand and more recently, for Pottery Barn Kids. We initiated the process of re-platforming The Key loyalty program with a vastly improved mobile and in-store experience.
 In digital advertising, we shifted our ad spend to top-of-funnel vehicles that drive brand awareness, social media campaigns that inspire new and existing customers and in cross-brand initiatives such as The Key to increase customer engagement and cross-selling opportunities across our brands.
 And our investments are having an impact. We saw a 5.5% growth in our e-commerce channel for the full year with Q4 accelerating to over 8%. We also drove 5% total customer growth, the highest increase in total customers since 2014, which will fuel our growth over the long term. And furthermore, our enrollment across brands and channels in our loyalty program, The Key, more than doubled over the past year, which will also drive sizable incremental revenue annually.
 As you know, we also made the exciting acquisition of Outward, Inc. at the end of last year. As a leading 3D imaging and augmented reality platform in our industry, we believe Outward has the technology as well as the tech talent to help us further accelerate digital innovation and drive meaningful impact throughout the business. Over the next year, we will integrate Outward technology in all of our core brands to improve product visualization and design capabilities. This will further elevate our customer experience, increase conversion and reduce returns.
 Second, to drive product innovation, we evolved our product strategies to better align to shifting consumer preferences and broaden our brand's market reach. Our proprietary product development capability has allowed us to stay ahead of trends across all brands, and our direct sourcing model enables us to deliver superior value and quality to our customers. As exemplified in the Pottery Barn brand, we focus on the value equation across all categories and introduce more opening price points to drive accessibility to more consumers.
 We also refined our products offering to address our customers' specific needs and lifestyles at different life stages. For example, in addition to our PB Apartment collection, we introduced the curated assortment of best-in-class baby gear in our Pottery Barn children's home furnishings business, which led to more registry creations and new customer acquisition. We also launched industry-leading offering of GREENGUARD-certified nursery furniture to meet the increasing demand for healthier, more sustainable products in the home. In West Elm, we successfully expanded our new modern collection, asserting our design leadership, broadening the distance between us and the competitive set in the marketplace and attracting new customers to the brand.
 Collaborations and partnerships continued to play an important role in expanding our market reach by differentiating our products through exclusivity and novelty. In Williams-Sonoma, exclusive collaborations with vendors and chefs are core to our brand differentiation. Over the past year, we partnered with our trusted vendors, including Hestan, USA Pan, Shun, All-Clad -- and All-Clad to launch exclusive innovative products that attracted new and loyal customers. We also continued our partnerships with major food festivals across the country to enhance our interaction with chefs and local food communities.
 In our Pottery Barn children's business, licensed collections such as Harry Potter generated strong demand from our new and loyal customers. And in West Elm, we built upon our innovative values-based approach to collaborations with the launch of our partnership with Leesa Sleep, whose social mission is complementary to the brand's commitment to supporting the communities in which we operate.
 Third, to accelerate our retail transformation, we focused our efforts around value-added services, inspiration and convenience as our stores remain an important source for new customer acquisition, establishing brand loyalty and driving sales across our multichannel platform. Over the past year, we have introduced new value-added tools and services such as our cross-brand design crew to simplify the home decorating experience for our customers. We have better leverage to our retail fleet to enable a cross-channel shopping experience through the launch of buy online and pick up in store in Williams-Sonoma and Pottery Barn Kids stores. And our store remodels in the Pottery Barn and Williams-Sonoma brands are driving accelerated growth in these stores and are exceeding our internal four-wall profitability metrics.
 We continued the expansion of Williams-Sonoma Home, a key growth initiative with the addition of 24 more locations in Williams-Sonoma stores and 2 freestanding stores, all of which are contributing to increased traffic and sales online and in-store. Given evolving consumer behavior, we've also been prudent and deliberate in our approach to fleet optimization with the closure of 19 underperforming stores during the year on lease expiration. 
 Fourth, to achieve operational excellence, we focused on cost efficiencies in the supply chain and inventory optimization to offset our investments in the business. For example, we improved the speed of order fulfillment and delivery by an average of 20% and 6%, respectively, and reduced the rate of returns and damages, which generated significant cost savings during the year. These improvements resulted in a reduced number of escalation calls to our care center and higher customer satisfaction metrics as our customers received their orders more quickly and with more visibility during delivery. While we see significant opportunity to further optimize our inventory, there has been a notable improvement for in-stock service levels and reduced local market out-of-stocks across the company.
 All these accomplishments are underpinned by our company culture and values, which have long defined the way we operate. Doing business the right way is important to us and important to our customers. Just last month, Williams-Sonoma, Inc. was ranked #14 in Barron's inaugural list of the 100 most sustainable companies in the United States and #2 among the industry of consumer discretionary companies. We are proud to be recognized for our efforts in advancing sustainability initiatives from verifying that our products are produced ethically and from sustainably sourced materials to our commitments paying Fairtrade Premiums back to workers. We are constantly working to achieve our business goals while improving our social and environmental performance.
 Looking forward to 2018, I am optimistic about the growth opportunities that lie ahead. We will continue to execute against our 4 strategic priorities to strengthen our platform and drive profitable growth across our brands.
 Couple of key initiatives for 2018 include: the launch of buy online, pick up in store in Pottery Barn and West Elm following the successful pilot in the Williams-Sonoma brand last November and the recent rollout in Pottery Barn Kids. In digital advertising, we will continue to fund more top-of-funnel vehicles to drive awareness and improve brand perception while optimizing our catalog strategy and in-house capabilities to maximize our total ad spend. In e-commerce, we'll focus on removing conversion friction by re-platforming our mobile sites to progressive web app technology, streamlining our checkout process and implementing the next generation of our machine learning, on-site search and personalization experience. In addition to these initiatives, we will aggressively pursue growth in product categories and markets where we see significant untapped potential.
 Let me first talk about the product categories. We have a pipeline of new sizable product initiatives that we'll be announcing this year. For the first time, we'll be launching 2 cross-brand collaborations that feature distinctly different aesthetics from what's available in the markets today. Our Lilly Pulitzer collaboration announced last month is the first of our One Home collaborations across the Pottery Barn brand and marks the first time that all 3 brands have simultaneously released coordinating collections, giving customers the opportunity to create a cohesive look throughout the home. And as I mentioned earlier, we are taking advantage of a substantial opportunity in curating an online marketplace in our Pottery Barn brand. We are partnering with synergistic, high-quality vendors to significantly expand our online-only, direct-ship assortments in underserved categories, trends and aesthetics. This online marketplace will give us the ability to accelerate growth without inventory cost and to test new products and price points. 
 Second, we see significant opportunity in the design-oriented functional home furnishings market for our West Elm brand to capture more share. As one of the fastest growing, most profitable brands in the industry, it has continued to deliver accelerating growth domestically and globally despite very low brand awareness. We will continue to leverage the brand's leadership in design to expand into new categories and in our emerging B2B and hospitality businesses. We will also increase West Elm's brand awareness through new stores and high-impact advertising campaigns that have proven successful in driving new customers to the brand. We are confident in the brand's potential to reach $2 billion in the near term and be our biggest brand over time.
 We also believe there's enormous potential in the high-end home furnishing space for Williams-Sonoma Home to lead. We will continue to drive growth through expanded product assortment, innovative marketing and the expansion of Williams-Sonoma Home's retail presence. Our Rejuvenation brand will also continue to solidify its leadership through digital and retail expansion in the high-end lighting and hardware market while increasing offerings in utility and furniture to position this brand as a partner in quality remodeling projects and heirloom home furnishings.
 In the international market, we have a tremendous opportunity to become the world's leading specialty multichannel retailer in home furnishing and housewares. In 2017, we successfully entered South Korea and Ireland, launched our e-commerce presence in Canada and expanded our presence in existing markets. We grew our global presence by almost 40% over the past year to a total of 128 selling locations. We delivered a significant improvement in profitability in our company-owned operations, driven by our continued focus on operational excellence. We also laid the foundation to better position us for entry into bigger markets in the near term. We developed and implemented a marketing strategy, which is already proven effective in Australia, in the U.K., and we've also improved our sourcing and inventory management, which is streamlined delivery to our franchisees.
 In 2018, we will continue this momentum to further realize our global potential. We have plans to open new West Elm locations in the U.K., both company owned and with existing partners. We will introduce Pottery Barn Kids to the U.K. market through our John Lewis Partnership, and this increased retail presence will also drive growth in our fast growing U.K. e-commerce business.
 In other parts of the world, our existing franchise partners plan to open over 20 locations during 2018, and over the next 3 to 5 years, we are focused on our multichannel expansions into larger-sized market, particularly Asia, Europe, the Middle East and Latin America, which combined -- which have a combined addressable market of approximately $350 billion. Currently, we are in active negotiations with potential partners for entry into one of the biggest markets in Asia.
 Undoubtedly, we are excited about these opportunities. But driving profitable growth has been and is our top priority. We are relentlessly focused on driving efficiencies and cost savings to mitigate risks that may arise. We're proactively streamlining our operations, optimizing our organization, reducing inventory levels and downsizing our retail footprint. We expect to generate significant cost efficiencies that will help fund our strategic investments in the business. Specifically, in the supply chain, we see substantial cost savings opportunities in inventory management, increased order visibility and improved speed and quality of delivery, all of which will further enhance the customer experience and drive down returns and replacements as well as drive down costs over time.
 Inventory management is a top priority across all of our brands. To lower our inventory carrying costs, we will be flowing smaller purchase order quantities more frequently. To stabilize inventory growth as well as reduce back orders, aged inventory and out-of-market shipping costs, we will continue to invest in the necessary talent, tools and resources to drive better inventory accuracy. All of our brands are transitioning to one inventory, which means we will be managing our inventory across channels to help optimize our inventory levels, leading to improved productivity and throughput across our regionalized distribution network.
 To increase order visibility and speed of delivery to the customer, we will be improving the operating performance and reducing production lead times across our manufacturing facilities as well as increasing transparency across the supply chain for a better view of order status and progress. Within our distribution centers, we will reduce turnaround time and further improve our packaging and order consolidation to increase pieces for delivery and reduce the number of deliveries per order.
 In 2018, we will also introduce online self-service scheduling for furniture orders to enhance customer visibility during the delivery process. To reduce returns and damages, we will continue to increase transparency and scrutiny throughout the supply chain and increase customer touch points during delivery to maximize customer interaction satisfaction.
 In digital advertising, we are focused on maximizing our ad spend by bringing more of the CPC, cost per click, bidding process in-house. Furthermore, we are optimizing our catalog strategy to shift more of our marketing mix to high-impact digital channels.
 And regarding our retail fleet, in addition to the accelerated store closures we announced today, we will continue to close stores upon lease expiration to further streamline our store base. We anticipate the closure of approximately 80 stores over the next 3 years unless we receive more favorable rent terms. We will also be opportunistic and disciplined in new store openings as we look to partner with landlords who understand the new retail dynamics and are willing to make investments for the future.
 Technology, of course, will play a critical role as we drive process improvements and automation throughout our business to enhance productivity and efficiency. We are excited to welcome our new Chief Technology Officer, Yasir Anwar, to this call. Yasir, do you want to say a few words before I wrap up and turn the call over to Julie? 
Yasir Anwar: Absolutely. Thank you, Laura. I'm very excited to have joined the Williams-Sonoma team. Looking ahead, we are focused on unleashing the power of technology to propel our business forward with the hyper focus on customer experience.
 We plan to shift our culture from output to outcome, to use efficiencies that can be reinvested towards the business growth. We will tap into and leverage important technology trends like augmented reality, virtual reality, artificial intelligence and machine learning as the underpinning of everything we do in technology, cloud computing and robotics.
 We are already at the edge of the 3D visualization technology through our recent acquisition of Outward, Inc. We work closely with our Outward team to scale and innovate and to help define industry standards around 3D visualization and its application across AR and VR and other mixed reality applications. We are exploring ways to automate and remove friction in all applicable areas of our business to become faster, nimble and more efficient by commoditizing machine learning throughout our company. Our immediate focus for 2018 will be on mobile excellence; friction-free shopping; supply chain optimization, doubling down on buy online, pick up in store; and increased personalization and relevancy through content and visualization techniques.
 I look forward to collaborating with our talented team to achieve these goals. Laura, back to you. 
Laura Alber: Thanks, Yasir. As you know, the retail landscape is rapidly changing, and we will continue to build upon our competitive strength to take advantage of the opportunities that market disruption has created. The progress we made against our strategic priorities in 2017 gives us confidence that our investments are paying off in the form of a stronger business that's better positioned for long-term growth. We look forward to continuing the momentum in 2018 and further extending our leadership in the home furnishings industry.
 Before I pass the call over to Julie, I want to thank our associates who are one of the key reasons why I'm very optimistic about our future. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon, everyone. Our fourth quarter results demonstrate our ability to execute against our growth and operational initiatives while maintaining strong financial discipline to drive further efficiencies across the business. And we are pleased that, once again, we were able to outperform both our top line and bottom line financial commitments. Before I walk you through our financial results for the fourth quarter in more detail, I would like to review some financial and operational highlights for fiscal year 2017.
 Fiscal year 2017 was another year of solid accomplishments. For the full year, we delivered net revenue growth of 4.1%, including comparable brand revenue growth of 3.2%, which was an acceleration of 250 basis points year-over-year. Pottery Barn returned to growth with revenue comps accelerating 450 basis points year-over-year following our aggressive efforts to revitalize the brand.
 The Williams-Sonoma brand performance was strong for the full year and particularly, over the holiday period. Their revenue comp on the year of 3.2% more than doubled from last year and was driven by a thriving e-commerce business and the strong momentum we are seeing in Williams-Sonoma Home. West Elm continued on its strong growth trajectory, crossing the $1 billion revenue threshold in 2017 and delivering its eighth consecutive year of double-digit comp growth at 10.2%. And our newer businesses, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham, along with our company-owned global businesses, all generated another year of double-digit profitable growth.
 By channel, our e-commerce revenues accelerated almost 100 basis points to 5% growth, expanding to 52.5% of our total revenues. And our retail channel also improved, accelerating over 400 basis points from a negative 3.2% comp last year to a positive 0.9% comp this year despite a nationwide decline in mall traffic of 7.3%.
 From an earnings perspective, we generated an operating margin of 8.9% and almost $470 million in operating income, which includes our strategic investments in the business, which were substantially offset by our supply chain efficiencies and cost savings as well as the ongoing cost structure leverage across our e-commerce channel, our newer businesses and our global operations.
 We delivered net earnings and earnings per share higher than last year at $3.61, which was an increase of $0.18 or growth of 5.2% over last year. These earnings allowed us to maintain an above industry average return on invested capital of approximately 16%, and we delivered another year of robust operating cash flow of almost $500 million. This allowed us to maintain our commitment to return capital to our shareholders, where in 2017 alone, we returned over $330 million to our shareholders through dividend payments and share buybacks at an average dividend yield of 3% and an average stock buyback price of $48.43 per share.
 Now I'd like to discuss our fourth quarter financial results. Our fourth quarter results reflect another quarter of strong top line momentum and market share gains with our home furnishings and housewares businesses outperforming the industry. During the quarter, we generated net revenues of almost $1,680,000,000 for a year-over-year growth of 6.2% and comparable brand revenue growth of 5.4%, which was an improvement of 630 basis points over last year. Like every quarter this year, our fourth quarter comp was a substantial acceleration from the prior quarter, accelerating approximately 210 basis points from the third quarter. This was also the highest fourth quarter comp we have seen in several years, further demonstrating that our investments as well as the strategic growth initiatives that we have been executing against to accelerate our top line are working.
 Growth was driven by broad-based strength across all of our brands with all brands returning to positive growth at this quarter. This includes the Pottery Barn brand at a 4.1% comp, which was a substantial acceleration from the third quarter comp of a negative 0.3% and was the highest fourth quarter comp they have seen in years. Williams-Sonoma delivered a 4.3% comp, which was also a substantial acceleration over their third quarter comp and outside of the recessionary period, represents the highest holiday comp they have seen in over 10 years.
 West Elm, our newer businesses, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham, as well as our company-owned global operations all delivered another quarter of profitable double-digit comps. And by channel, revenue growth accelerated across both channels by over 650 basis points year-over-year to growth of 8.4% in the e-commerce channel and 3.9% in the retail channel.
 Moving down the income statement. Gross margin for the fourth quarter was 38.5% versus 39.3% last year. Occupancy costs of $177 million versus $169 million last year leveraged 20 basis points during the fourth quarter. The 80 basis points of gross margin deleverage was primarily driven by lower selling margins as a result of our strategic decision to provide more value to our customers through more competitive product pricing, and the continued momentum we are seeing in our top line growth is evidence that our efforts to provide more value are resonating with our customers. We also incurred higher year-over-year shipping costs due to the higher rates associated with our new UPS contract, which we discussed last quarter, and a higher demand for furniture during the quarter, which is more expensive to ship.
 SG&A for the fourth quarter was 26.1% this year versus 25.7% last year. This 40 basis point deleverage was primarily associated with higher digital advertising spend resulting from our decision all year to drive new customer acquisition as well as higher fourth quarter employment-related costs resulting from the year-over-year timing of incentive compensation. We are pleased that our efforts in digital advertising are paying off, evidenced by the improvements we are seeing in traffic, conversion and new customer count as well as the continued top line momentum we have seen not only this quarter but also all year long.
 Operating margin for the fourth quarter was 12.4% this year versus 13.6% last year. By channel, the operating margin in the e-commerce channel was 22% this year versus 23.7% last year. This 170 basis point decline was primarily associated with lower selling margins, which includes reduced shipping income and higher shipping costs as well as our investments in higher digital advertising, all of which helped drive our fourth quarter e-commerce revenue growth to the highest growth we have seen in several years, all while maintaining industry-leading operating margins and generating approximately $200 million in operating income.
 The operating margin in the retail channel was 15.6% this year versus 15.7% last year. The 10 basis points of decline was primarily associated with lower selling margins, which is almost entirely offset by strong expense control throughout SG&A.
 Corporate unallocated expenses as a percentage of net revenues were 6.6% in the fourth quarter of 2017 as compared to 6.2% in the fourth quarter of last year. The 40 basis points of deleverage is primarily associated with employment-related costs resulting from the year-over-year timing of incentive compensation. On the year, however, corporate unallocated expenses as a percentage of net revenues leveraged 10 basis points, further demonstrating strong financial discipline across employment and all other general expenses.
 The effective income tax rate during the fourth quarter was 31.6% this year compared to 36.5% last year. This lower tax rate reflects the continued incremental benefits we are seeing from the substantial improvement in profitability across our international operations, which are taxed at a lower tax rate as well as the impact of the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that went into effect the beginning of January. This resulted in diluted earnings per share of $1.68, which was $0.13 or 8.4% over last year and is inclusive of a $0.05 benefit from the reduced federal tax rate in the quarter.
 On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with a cash balance of over $390 million versus $214 million last year. We generated $387 million in operating cash flow during the fourth quarter, which we utilized to invest $54 million in the business and to return capital to shareholders in the amount of $75 million through dividend payments of approximately $33 million and share repurchase of approximately $42 million.
 Moving down the balance sheet. Merchandise inventories were $1,062,000,000 for an increase of 8.6% over last year. Although this is a continued sequential decrease from prior quarters, we continue to believe that we have the opportunity to optimize our inventory levels even further across our brands. Inventory optimization remains one of our key priorities to driving cost savings across our business. And as Laura mentioned, we have several initiatives in 2018 that we'll be executing against to further reduce our inventory levels. And it's always a balance. We are focused on delivering a superior customer experience, and having the right inventory in stock when the customer wants it is a key component to an overall great customer experience.
 Finally, we ended the quarter with no outstanding balance under our revolving line of credit. However, as we announced last quarter, we did enter into a new $300 million term loan in conjunction with the renewal and extension of our current revolver in order to further optimize our capital structure, allowing us to reduce the reliance on our revolver and provide us with additional financial flexibility. As such, our balance sheet at the end of the year reflects this new outstanding term loan for approximately $300 million.
 Now I would like to discuss our 2018 guidance. But before I discuss our specific first quarter and fiscal year 2018 guidance, let me walk you through some of the key assumptions behind this guidance. First of all, fiscal year 2018 has a 53rd week for us this year. As a result, our guidance reflects an extra week of revenue and earnings during the fourth quarter and fiscal year. This extra week is estimated to be worth approximately $100 million in revenue and $9 million in earnings or approximately $0.08 in EPS. Second, this guidance reflects our estimated net tax benefit from the recent tax reform. We have estimated that the new tax code will lower our effective tax rate for the year to be in the range of 24% to 26% and is therefore worth approximately $50 million in reduced tax expense. And for those companies like us who generate substantial earnings, this is a huge opportunity to use this onetime incremental benefit as competitive advantage.
 As a result, like many companies, we have decided to reinvest a portion of this savings. We believe a balanced approach to returning this benefit to our stakeholders, our associates, our customers and our shareholders is appropriate. As a result, we plan to reinvest approximately 50% of this tax benefit by investing in our people through increased compensation and benefits, which Laura has already announced. We also plan to invest in our customers through further enhancements to the customer experience, particularly within our e-commerce business; and finally, we also plan to invest in our shareholders by returning half of this tax benefit or $25 million in earnings to our bottom line, driving increased earnings and earnings per share, including double-digit year-over-year growth as well as an overall increase in operating cash flow and return on invested capital. As we announced earlier, to further support our investment in driving incremental shareholder returns, we have also increased our quarterly dividend by 10% to $0.43 per share, and we have expanded our share repurchase authorization to $500 million. As a result, this guidance reflects this net tax benefit of approximately $25 million in reduced tax expense and improve net earnings or approximately $0.30 per share.
 Additionally, as Laura said, we have been closely monitoring the performance of our retail fleet to ensure that we are aligning our growth strategies with the ever shifting consumer behavior, allowing us to better leverage our resources for further e-commerce growth. We have approximately 250 stores across our domestic retail fleet that come up for renewal at the natural lease expiration over the next 3 years, of which we expect to permanently close approximately 1/3. We have recently, however, decided to accelerate a smaller portion of our future store closures ahead of their natural lease expiration as they are either brand denigrating or they no longer meet our minimum required internal four-wall profitability metrics. These closures are predominately across the Pottery Barn Kids and Williams-Sonoma brands. And if we are unable to negotiate a more favorable terms with our landlords or are unable to sublease to a third party, we can incur charges of up to approximately $50 million. By closing these stores, however, we expect to see total company operating margin expansion of approximately 20 basis points on an annual basis post these store closures. The financial impact from any of these early store closures have not been reflected in the guidance we have provided today.
 For the first quarter of 2018, we expect net revenues to be in the range of $1,135,000,000 to $1,170,000,000 with comparable brand revenue growth in the range of 2% to 5%, and we expect diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $0.55 to $0.60. For the year, we expect net revenues to grow at 3.5% to 6.5% and be in the range of $5,475,000,000 to $5,635,000,000 with comparable brand revenue growth in the range of 2% to 5%. Our operating margin is projected to be in the range of 8.2% to 9% and reflects our decision to leverage the tax reform benefit to accelerate investments in our associates and our customers, which we have already discussed and which we believe will strengthen our business to drive profitable growth. Most importantly, we are focused on delivering both top line and bottom line gains. We are committed to operating income dollar growth relatively in line with revenue growth and earnings per share growth exceeding that of revenue growth.
 We expect that after this onetime tax reinvestment this year that our operating margins should stabilize and improve over time. Our effective tax rate on the year is projected to be in the range of 24% to 26%, and our diluted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $4.12 to $4.22. At the high end of our ranges, we are guiding to revenue and EPS growth of approximately 6.5% and 17%, respectively.
 In terms of our capital allocation strategy, we will utilize our strong operating cash flow to first invest in the business to support our ongoing growth initiatives with capital expenditures expected to remain within the range of $200 million to $220 million; and we plan to return excess cash to our shareholders. As far as our capital investments for fiscal year 2018, we remain focused on those areas that support our 4 strategic priorities that Laura spoke to earlier, where we see sustainable long-term returns for our shareholders. These investments will support our top line and bottom line growth, improve the customer experience and drive operational efficiencies, all of which will continue to strengthen our competitive positioning.
 As a result, all fiscal year 2018 capital investments are primarily focused around the continued enhancement of our e-commerce channel, the optimization of our supply chain and the transformation of our retail fleet by investing in new and remodeled stores, particularly in our West Elm and Pottery Barn brands. We also expect to return excess cash to our shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividend payments. Today, we announced a double-digit dividend increase of 10% for a quarterly dividend payment of approximately $0.43 per share. We also announced the expansion of our current share repurchase authorization to $500 million. This expansion will not only allow us to continue to repurchase shares annually at a level to at least offset equity dilution but will also allow us to opportunistically increase our rate of share buybacks if appropriate. Our decision to increase the quarterly dividend and stock repurchase program reflects our commitment to continue to return capital to our shareholders and reflects our confidence in our ability to continue to generate long-term sustainable revenue and earnings growth as well as a strong operating cash flow.
 In summary, 2017 was a year in which we made important progress in strengthening our business for long-term profitable growth. Our financial performance with another quarter of accelerated growth and outperformance on both the top and bottom line demonstrates our proven ability to consistently deliver upon our financial commitments and to drive growth while investing in our business for long-term success. And as we enter 2018, we are confident that with our competitive advantages, including our portfolio of strong brands with proprietary product, our multichannel shopping experience, our strong operating income and operating cash flow, which this year with the material tax benefit recently afforded to profitable companies like ours, has become a further expanded competitive advantage along with our drive for continuous operational excellence and our proven track record of strong financial discipline helping to drive efficiencies across the organization, that this will allow us to continue the momentum we are seeing in our business and to deliver long-term sustainable returns for our shareholders.
 I would now like to open up the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question today from Michael Lasser with UBS. 
Michael Lasser: It's on the margin profile of the business. So it sounds like a lot of the investments that you're making because of the tax benefit are in areas like e-com, supply chain and wages. Does that mean you won't be making investments like you made last year in some of the revenue-driving activities like promotions and acquiring new customers? And then my second question, just on the recapture rate that you've assumed from these closed doors and what benefit that might -- on your comp in the upcoming year. 
Julie Whalen: So as far as the investments, we're going to continue to make the necessary investments to drive the top line. What we're highlighting is those areas where we're going to accelerate investments, and those are particularly associated with e-commerce. And so -- but obviously, we have the fact that we are lapping some of the investments. This year, they're going to be less pronounced as we move throughout next year. But we have this benefit from the tax reform that has allowed us to accelerate some additional investments which, by the way, we haven't fully baked all of that into our guidance. And so depending on how those test and measure over time, we could see upside associated with those. As far as the store closures and what that impact is, I had said that in my prepared remarks. Ultimately, based on this list of stores that we are aggressively going after, all depends, of course, on what the outcome is with each particular landlord. But in the situation where we were to shut these stores, the year following, a full year benefit would be worth about 20 basis points of operating margin expansion to us. 
Laura Alber: And in terms of the question around whether we're investing in acquiring new customers, we absolutely are. When we say digital leadership, e-commerce, that includes everything from the technology supporting a friction-free shopping experience to our investment in driving new customer acquisition and engagement online. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll now hear from Peter Benedict with Baird. 
Peter Benedict: So I guess, I'll follow up a little bit on Michael's question. What have you seen with respect to market demand when you guys do close stores? Do the sales just generally transfer directly online? Do they go to other stores kind of in the market? And as you think about that 20 basis point of operating margin improvement, if you do accelerate the closing of these stores, what's the revenue implication of getting rid of those stores? 
Laura Alber: Yes, thank you. So we see -- it depends is the answer, depends on how many stores are in the market. And we will often see some transfers to stores in the market if there are multiple stores in the market. Sometimes we don't see any transfer, and we see some pickup online. You have to remember that we have a very profitable fleet. We've been pruning it for years. And so the stores that we've outlined really are not contributors to much. And in terms of quantifying that in the top line, it's really hard to do because it depends on what we do and when we do it, and there's a lot of variables there. 
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Matt Fassler with Goldman Sachs. 
Matthew Fassler: I also have a question about the retail fleet, and it's kind of a two-part question. Number one, you intimated that you would close about 1/3 of the 250 stores with lease expirations over the next several years. Presumably, that's a gross number. I know you have 20 gross openings planned for the year, I believe, against 30 gross closings. So the net change in the fleet is not quite as severe. Are you thinking about the outlook for store count that way on a multiyear basis? And then also out of curiosity, of the stores that you're closing, has this been a dynamic list? In other words, a year or 2 ago, would these have been stores that might have been suitable for closing? Or has the retail landscape evolved to the point where this is something you need to take more seriously today? 
Julie Whalen: So a couple things there. Let's make sure we have all the numbers correct. There's definitely some moving parts. So first of all, there is about 250 stores that come up for renewal, if you will, over the next 3 years across our entire fleet. What we're saying is there's about 80 of those, so 1/3 of them that we'd like to shut. All else being equal today, if we're looking at the list, we'd like to shut them. And so we're going to be shutting them at the end of their natural lease termination unless we get some better deal with a landlord. There is a smaller group that if we could shut them today, it makes sense because of the 20 basis point improvement in op margin that we spoke to. And so those are the ones we're going after. Obviously, this list is dynamic. To your question, we are constantly evaluating which stores should be on that list and which stores don't -- no longer need to because maybe the landlord showed up and gave us the right deal. And so it definitely is a moving target. As far as the number of closures that we've put into the press release for the guidance, the 30 closures, to be clear, have nothing to do with the ones that we are looking to accelerate. That's part of the normal set of store closures. That's within our numbers. And yes, there's about 20 that we are opening at the same time. So there will always be stores that we're going to have on the other side that open. I don't know if I can tell you it's going to be that exact ratio for the foreseeable future, but we'll definitely have some offset to those store closures. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll now hear from Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. 
Simeon Gutman: Okay, I'll make my one question. It might have 1.5 parts. First, maybe for Laura. On the top line, how do you distinguish between merchandise wins, merchandise leading the improvement versus the value proposition, whether it's price, the speed to market or maybe the free delivery? And then if we look at the EBIT dollars for next year, including the 53rd week, at the midpoint, it looks like they're up maybe slightly, so that implies that may be down. And I get you're accelerating investments, but I guess, trying to understand where this model flushes out maybe in the out year. Does the business grow EBIT dollars or leverage on, let's say, a 3-ish sort of comp? Or is the profile a little -- you need a little bit of a higher comp than that? 
Laura Alber: Okay, Simeon, so I'm going to try to answer your question without answering it for the competition. In terms of what works for customers, it's clear when you have a bestseller that it's the merchandise. And we see bestsellers in the high end as well of our pricing tiers in all of our brands, for that matter, including in Pottery Barn. So there's the obvious bestsellers. When we look at value proposition, we can look at core programs, high-volume programs over time and see the elasticity of demand based on changing of price. And so that is very clear, whether it's working or not, and we study that constantly. And believe it or not, it's different by category; it's different by product. And I think that has a lot to do with the competition. One of the things that really makes us different from a lot of people out there, particularly those that are copying us, is that we are one of the very few retailers that own exclusive designs. Our product finishes, our vendor community is very loyal. And as a result, because of our vertical integration, our quality is far superior. And we're going to be very competitive this year or, I should say, aggressive about protecting our design assets because this is where we really win, and there's a lot more we can do on that than we've done in the past in terms of protecting our assets. 
Julie Whalen: And as far as the EBIT question, yes, you're right, but obviously, we've indicated that next year is a year of investment because we are reinvesting the tax savings. So whether we like it or not, the tax savings goes below the line and the investments go above the line, so depending on which line you're measuring against, right, it's going to show less growth than we'd like. But this is a special situation. We have tax reform once every 30 years, and because we make earnings, we're taking this opportunity to drive a competitive advantage that we think we have of others that don't generate the same amount of income. So it's a onetime thing. It's a reset. And we believe going forward from that perspective, that we are 100% committed to driving EBIT dollar growth in line with revenue growth and EPS even faster than revenue growth, and we have -- we believe that our operating margins will stabilize and they will expand post this next year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer. 
Brian Nagel: So I wanted to jump back to the topic of the store closing or repositioning the fleet as well. And Julie, you had mentioned in your prepared comments, you've -- just about mall traffic being weak across the board, which is obviously not news to us. But as you look at these store closures and potentially accelerate them, is that also reflective of the business you have in the weaker malls? Is that playing into this? 
Laura Alber: I mean, our traffic is better than the mall and it has been. We drive a lot of traffic because of our store experience. Clearly, there are some areas that have not been performing, malls that is. And then there are some where we just deal -- the rent deal's too high. I mean, so there's a tale of 2 different stories when you look under the -- into the detail. 
Operator: Christopher Horvers with JPMorgan has our next question. 
Tami Zakaria: This is Tami Zakaria on for Chris Horvers. It seems that the international segment of your business has become more profitable with scale. So could you give us color on how much the international segment helped gross margin in the fourth quarter and the year overall? And are you currently profitable internationally? 
Julie Whalen: Thank you for asking the question. I do believe that is something that tends to be underappreciated with our company. We saw tremendous growth in both the top line and the bottom line from a profitability perspective and in particular in the fourth quarter. And so that's really exciting for us as we're continuing to generate momentum globally and have all kinds of opportunity to grow that. And I think Laura alluded to it even in her prepared remarks as to where we're headed for 2018, but that also has the double benefit that I always like to articulate because we've earned it of generating even further tax benefit, which, believe it or not, even with the reduced tax rate that the federal government has provided us, is still lower outside of the United States. And so this is something that we're going to continue to talk about. It certainly did have some impact on our op margin, gross margin, but it's still relatively immaterial. But as that continues to gain momentum, we think this could be significant to our company both on the top line and bottom. 
Operator: We have time for one last question that will come from Adrienne Yih-Tennant with Wolfe Research. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Laura, I wanted to know about some of your competition is talking about owning the last mile, that white-glove delivery and investing in transportation and logistics. I was wondering if kind of when you look at the business, if that's an area where you foresee having to invest more as we get through 2017 -- or I'm sorry, 2018. 
Laura Alber: For more than 60 years from Chuck Williams and our first Williams-Sonoma store, we have been focused on customer experience, and his attention to the customer is deeply embedded in our culture today. Our service platform extends from online and how we talk to our customers there and all the way through the last mile. We have been relentlessly focused on driving efficiencies and cost savings, particularly in the supply chain, where we see substantial opportunities. And as I said in my prepared remarks, over the next year, we're going to focus on inventory management, order visibility and the speed and quality of delivery. But at the same time, we want to be in stock. So we don't want to just take the inventory down without maintaining. Part of the service is to be in stock when the customer wants it. And technology, of course, is going to play a critical role as we drive these process improvements and automation throughout the supply chain. I want to let Yasir talk a little bit today, put him right on the spot in his first 6 weeks on how technology will support these cost efficiencies. 
Yasir Anwar: Yes. I think I strongly believe that the current availability of technology frameworks in the industry, especially the artificial intelligence and application of machine learning for these type of activities, which is supply chain, inventory optimization and distribution center optimization, is going to be very powerful for us. I'm personally very passionate about powering up the machines and getting them to do the work instead of a lot of manual work, which takes a lot of cost into the system. So we believe we're going to drive our top line growth also by applying machine learning in supply chain world, would also deliver a lot of cost efficiencies, which can then be invested in the top line growth. So looking forward to that. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: So Yasir, just from your experience, should we expect the investment in shipping and handling logistics to, in the near term, hurt gross margin but result in a much more robust EBIT op -- EBIT margin for the e-commerce side of the business? 
Julie Whalen: No. I wouldn't say that you're going to see a significant difference in the short term. I think what is exciting to know and having known Yasir, I guess, for 6 weeks, I have learned a lot about what he believes he can drive from both from a strategic perspective but also from a cost efficiency perspective. So I think the exciting part is, in the not-too-distant future, we should hopefully be able to be talking to you about substantial cost savings that he's been able to create out of the supply chain organization and elsewhere. 
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I'll now turn the conference call back over to Ms. Alber for any additional or closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: Well, I want to thank all of you for joining us and for your support, and we look forward to talking to you after the first quarter. 
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude our conference call for today. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-16 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Beth Potillo-Miller, Senior Vice President of Finance to discuss non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking statements. Please go ahead. 
Beth Potillo-Miller: Thank you, Ashley. Good afternoon. 
 This call should be considered in conjunction with the press release that we issued earlier today. Our discussion today will relate to results and guidance based on certain non-GAAP measures, including non-GAAP SG&A, operating income, operating margin, effective tax rate and diluted EPS, which exclude certain items affecting comparability. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and our explanation of why the non-GAAP financial measures may be useful are discussed in our press release.
 During the first and third quarters of 2016 and the first quarter of fiscal 2017, we incurred severance-related charges totaling approximately $13 million or $0.09 per diluted share, $1 million or $0.01 per diluted share and $6 million or $0.04 per diluted share, respectively. These charges were reported as SG&A expense within the unallocated segment.
 During the first quarter of fiscal 2017, we incurred tax expense of approximately $1 million or $0.02 per diluted share associated with the adoption of new accounting rules related to stock-based compensation.
 This call also contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, trends, guidance, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2017 and beyond, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements.
 Please refer to the company's current press release and SEC filings, including the most recent 10-K for more information on these risks and uncertainties.
 The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call.
 I will now turn the conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer. 
Laura Alber: Thanks, Beth. Good afternoon, and thank you all for joining us. 
 With me today is Julie Whalen, our Chief Financial Officer; Felix Carbullido, our Chief Marketing Officer; and Sameer Hassan, our VP of Digital Technology.
 Our third quarter results demonstrates the effectiveness of our strategic priority to deliver value, quality and excellent customer service. During the quarter, strong execution against our product and digital initiatives drove new customer acquisitions and top line expansion in a competitive and dynamic retail environment.
 Our investments in digital innovation and cross-brand services as well as continued optimization of our supply chain position us to further differentiate our business and to deliver long-term gains in market share and profitable growth.
 Before I go and discuss our performance this quarter, I want to take a moment to recognize the strength and compassion of our associates who came together to support each other and their communities in the face of several devastating natural disasters this quarter. From the hurricanes in Texas, Florida and Puerto Rico to the wildfires in California, our associates did a remarkable job providing assistance to those in need during this difficult time, often as they faced disruptions in their own lives.
 Unfortunately, these natural disasters also impacted our financial results to lost sales of approximately $7 million or 60 basis points of growth.
 Julie will discuss our financial results in detail, but I wanted to highlight that during the third quarter, we drove net revenue growth of 4.3% and a combined revenue comp of 3.3%, which is inclusive of an estimated 50 basis point negative impact from the hurricane and is an improvement from last year.
 Also importantly, our demand during the quarter exceeded or was at least equal to net revenues across every one of our brands, most notably in Pottery Barn and Pottery Barn Teen, which is a strong indication of the health of our business.
 Our strategic areas of focus on innovation and operational excellence are underpinned by our continued vision to create a high-touch customer service platform that is transformational for the home furnishings industry.
 For more than 60 years, we've been leaders in customer experience, which began in our first Williams-Sonoma store with our founder, Chuck Williams, who served every customer with passion and care. And since then, his attention to the customer has become deeply embedded in our culture and a part of who we are today, a multichannel, multi-brand retailer that continues to deliver superior customer service and high-quality differentiated products.
 Our high-touch customer service platform is comprised of several key components. We have a multichannel model with an experiential retail base that gives our customers the ability to touch and see our products, together with the convenience of our established, content-rich e-commerce presence. We have a multi-brand portfolio that offers our customers proprietary, high-quality merchandise, which addresses a range of demographics, lifestyles, aesthetics and customer life journeys. We have a comprehensive database of approximately 60 million households across our brands, which enables us to deliver personalized relevant messaging to our customers. We have a vertically integrated supply chain with direct sourcing and regionalized distribution centers to ensure that every piece of furniture is of the highest quality and delivered to our customers in a superior manner.
 We believe the combination of all these elements establishes a truly differentiated platform that is a core competitive advantage against mass retailers. And in this quarter, we continued to make progress in further enhancing and leveraging this platform to drive growth across our business.
 In digital advertising, we are committed to increasing our brand awareness and expanding our market reach. In Q3, we launched our first sizable test of addressable TV with West Elm's House Proud TV commercial, which combines the targeting and measurability of our traditional direct marketing with a compelling storytelling strength of video. We followed this commercial with distribution across digital, print, social and targeted television. We also partnered with Facebook on their launch of collection ads, which brings to life our catalog in social media. Meanwhile, our content-rich personalized e-mail campaigns continue to drive improvements in customer engagement metrics and overall sales.
 As we have discussed before, our internally designed and developed e-commerce platform gives us a distinct advantage to react quickly to changing customer behaviors and deliver impactful digital improvements with a fast time-to-market.
 In the quarter, we continued to innovate by making improvements in our ability to deliver rich, engaging product storytelling to our customers. Our redesigned product page experience integrates this content in a way that allows us to better tell the story of our products and differentiate ourselves in the market. We'll be testing this new experience in Q4 and we'll be iteratively rolling it out through the quarter and next year.
 Digital leadership remains one of our most important priorities as we firmly believe technology enhances the customer experience. Therefore, it is with great excitement that we are announcing the acquisition of Outward, Inc. Together with the Outward team, we will drive further digital innovation to create highly engaging experiences that will revolutionize the industry. We believe the quality and scalability of Outward's 3D models are unparalleled and that we'll be able to transform the way people shop for home furnishings across the industry and in our brands. We will also drive efficiencies and cost savings in the way that we capture and create 3D models and utilize them in a more extensive and seamless way across various digital channels. One such application is the augmented reality room planning tool that we'll be launching on the Apple iOS. 
 The Pottery Barn 3D Room View app offers an intuitive user interface experience. This is the only AR technology on the market that offers clear-the-room functionality using advanced techniques to dynamically clear the existing contents of your room. The Pottery Barn 3D Room View will also become a critical tool for our Design Crew, an exciting addition to our growing set of custom digital and retail services, such as the West Elm Pinterest Style Finder tool.
 Another significant component of our platform is our proprietary delivery network of 4 regional distribution centers and 43 furniture hubs, which allows us to deliver furniture quickly and damage-free. The most important driver of our supply chain operations is customer service, and our initiatives there are targeted to significantly improve the delivery experience, which will set us even further ahead of the competition.
 Year-to-date, our supply chain efforts are yielding results. We continue to receive very high ratings from our customers on some of the most critical customer touch points. In Q3, we expanded the reach of our customer satisfaction surveys to include third-party delivery providers, such that we're now able to obtain feedback for every piece of furniture delivered. We also increased our points of interaction with the customer during the delivery process, including the implementation of a text message notification 30 minutes prior to delivery to enable better tracking on delivery day.
 Our customers are receiving their orders more quickly while returns and replacements are declining. In our distribution centers, technology is further improving our order consolidation and decreasing the total number of packages per order.
 As we enter the holidays, we are well prepared with these process improvements and employee training in our DCs to further streamline and fast-track order fulfillment for this peak season.
 Our vertically integrated supply chain, digital leadership and e-commerce platform together are highly leverageable and create a unique platform that supports one of our key competitive advantages, our portfolio of well-recognized brands. And whereas in the past, we thought about our brands in silos, we see significant opportunity by thinking about our multi-brand platform differently. By leveraging our shared household files, we're able to identify cross-brand reference points to better service our customers across life stages, increasing relevance and loyalty. 
 For example, when a customer registers at Pottery Barn Kids, they might purchase a West Elm baby glider. And if a customer looks for a coffee table in one of our brand's websites and doesn't purchase it, we can show them alternative coffee tables from other brands. Also, for a better cross-brand shopping experience, we built a single sign-on feature that our customers can log into any of our brand websites with a single login and password.
 Our loyalty program, The Key, has been met with great success, growing nearly 20% a month since it launched 1 year ago. We're tracking new customers and motivating key holders to shop more often, spend more per transaction and purchase from more brands across the portfolio as they enjoy the benefits and rewards. We'll continue to expand upon The Key program with improved technology and differentiated experiences and services that link our family of brands together. Additionally, our credit card programs attract many of our most valuable customers, offering benefits and rewards that deepen loyalty and drive incremental revenue.
 And of course, there's our Design Crew, our complementary cross-brand design service which provides our customers with personal assistance from design professionals to find products and services for a variety of needs and leverages our portfolio of strong brands in an integrated and meaningful way. 
 We believe we are just beginning to unlock the possibilities of this portfolio by looking at the customer journey not only within our brand but across all of our brands. And we are excited that as a result of our strategies, we are seeing strong momentum in our performance as we enter the fourth quarter. 
 I will now move to discussing our Pottery Barn brands. We continue to make progress against our strategy to drive growth across the Pottery Barn brands. Our net combined revenue comp was 0.1%. However, demand was much stronger at 2.3%, and furthermore, both our net and demand would've been higher, if not for the hurricane. 
 At Pottery Barn, we've been making progress on our goal to make the brand the most inspiring source of home furnishings in the world. The brand's third quarter business performance continued its positive momentum, generating a 2.2% demand comp. Demand in the quarter was driven by momentum in our American-made up upholstery collections, innovation in beddings and fall seasonal decor.
 We are making progress on our product strategies to increase brand relevance and acquire new customers, and as a result, we are seeing double-digit growth in new customer counts, which sets us up for future growth. We launched a broader assortment of opening price points and expanded our small space collection, adding depth, scale, color and customization to the product assortment. We also launched new differentiated aesthetics and saw positive customer response to these collections. We're driving growth in our decorating business, with continued to focus on easy decorating and seasonal ideas that convert new customers.
 Our multichannel model continues to be an advantage, and we are improving the shopping experience in-store and online. In e-commerce, we are focused on creating a best-in-class experience and that is inspirational, engaging and friction-free, writing content and inspiration to our website and in our marketing messages and our new tools, such as our 3D product visualization and the soon to be launched 3D Room View app, are designed to make home furnishing shopping easier.
 Our investment in digital marketing programs is driving traffic and sales, and we are increasing the amount of personalized messaging to increase relevance. And we are seeing favorable metrics with triggered e-mails and personalized content.
 In retail, we are focused on creating an engaging customer experience in our Pottery Barn stores with superior customer service and our team of highly trained Design Crew experts to help our customers with their personalized decorating and shopping needs.
 We're also enhancing the design of our stores through high-impact store remodels in strategic locations. Our remodeled stores are driving accelerated comp growth, and we will continue to invest in future store remodels to further improve the in-store experience and attract new customers.
 Our retail stores are a key competitive advantage for the Pottery Barn brand. They are our #1 customer acquisition vehicle, driving traffic to our stores and online and remain a highly profitable part of our Pottery Barn business.
 In our Pottery Barn children's home furnishings businesses, we are making progress, particularly in Pottery Barn Teen, which generated a net revenue comp of 3%, except -- against an exceptional demand comp of 9%. In Pottery Barn Kids, although we are not satisfied with the flat growth we saw, it was a substantial improvement over prior quarters. Our focus on baby has been a strategic initiative and was a key driver of this performance.
 Earlier this year, we launched a curated assortment of best-in-class Baby Gear which has allowed us to gain further traction in sales, registry creations and new customer acquisition. Our furniture business remains strong, driven by our nursery and bedroom furniture. We are consistently delivering on our promise to offer quality and value across all categories and are expanding our assortment of furnishings that are good for kids and good for the planet.
 Another highlight in Q3 for PB Kids was our seasonal business, with strong performance in the back-to-school gear and Halloween categories. During the quarter, we also launched our holiday collection that is attracting a favorable response from our customers.
 Our new exclusive collection with Monique Lhuillier and limited edition Peanuts and Thomas the Train licensed products are already in high demand. We are headed into the holiday season with an exciting offering of gifts with a focus on toys that inspire imaginative play for all ages, including a collection with Williams-Sonoma play food and Le Creuset play kitchen accessories. We've also expanded personalization options across holiday keepsakes and gifts.
 In PB teen, growth was strong across all divisions of the brand during the quarter. We had an outstanding back-to-school season, where we continued to see results from our expanded dorm and gear offerings well past Labor Day. We saw strong momentum in our textiles and accessory categories as they generated another quarter of exceptional customer demand.
 In Q3, we also launched our new holiday assortment which, based on initial reads, gives us confidence that we have produced a compelling collection for the holiday season.
 Our focus on collaborations, which we believe further differentiates the brand and attract new customers, continued to yield strong results as we expanded on our product offerings this quarter. We're particularly pleased with the fantastic response to our Harry Potter collection of exclusive home decor, which includes bedding, decorative accessories and giftables.
 Across the Pottery Barn brands, we believe we are well prepared for the holiday season with our ownership of key gifting categories and exciting collaborations. We are encouraged by the response so far to our holiday assortment and are confident that the strategies we have in place will result in further acceleration in revenue comp in Q4.
 The Williams-Sonoma brand is the premier multichannel retailer of high-quality housewares, continues to extend its reach online, in-stores and is a vibrant, active member of the community.
 Exclusivity and innovation are core pillars of our differentiated product strategy. This quarter, we further increased the number of exclusive, innovative collaborations with our trusted vendor partners, including Staub, [ Raphoni, ] Breville and [ Twilling ] to offer our customers products only available at Williams-Sonoma. 
 Our Williams-Sonoma branded product line is a sizable growth opportunity and an important driver of new customer acquisitions. In Q3, we broadened this offering of professional-quality affordable product in stemware, cook's tools and dinnerware. 
 Community remains deeply ingrained in our history and culture. We are constantly exploring new ways to reach and interact with chefs and food communities across the country.
 For the fifth consecutive year, Williams-Sonoma was a presenting sponsor for Feast Portland, a premier food and wine festival hosted by Bon Apptit in Oregon. And Williams-Sonoma also held its seventh annual fundraising campaign, raising a record $2.2 million to benefit No Kid Hungry, an organization dedicated to ending childhood hunger in the United States.
 Another key component of our growth strategy is Williams-Sonoma Home. We continue to see enormous opportunity in the high-end home furnishings market. There is currently no one serving this market effectively with an array of colors, textures and patterns that allow customers to express their own individual style. Our Williams-Sonoma Home business is growing double-digits online and driving material traffic in dollars per square foot in our stores.
 We are growing brand awareness through substantially increased innovative marketing and the expansion of our retail presence. This quarter, we added 12 more locations for a total of 62 as well as our second freestanding Williams-Sonoma Home store in the Chelsea neighborhood of New York City. 
 We are focused on executing our growth initiatives to build this brand into a substantial business. 
 And as you know, the holiday season is the most exciting time of the year for Williams-Sonoma. Our early reads on the holiday assortment, in combination with all the preparation we have done, including our launch of the "buy online pick up in store" service, gives us confidence that we are well positioned for the peak season.
 West Elm, with its unique focus on the intersection of modern design, affordability and community continues to resonate with and attract the broadest demographic of customers within our brand portfolio. The Q3 revenue comp of 11.5 was driven by the strength in our furniture business and a re-acceleration of our decorative accessories and lighting categories. 
 We believe we have the strategies, momentum and white space to double West Elm revenues and for it to potentially be our largest brand. We continue to see growth opportunities not only in our core North American consumer business, but also globally where the brand is connecting with customers across multiple markets. We are focused on differentiating the brand across 3 key areas to drive growth. 
 First, our emphasis on trendsetting proprietary design gives us the edge in driving trends instead of following, and we continue to evolve our core collection to stay ahead of the competition that copies our styles. For example, we're seeing great response to our new modern collection, an update of our mid-century modern style with cleaner architecture lines, new textures, patterns and lighter color palettes. And our in-house sourcing capabilities allows us to produce products that align with our industry-leading focus on values-based production.
 We've established ourselves as a leader with innovative programs and partnerships that customers are responding to, especially with our commitment to fair trade. Our product partnerships also amplify this message.
 For example, in September, we launched our partnership with Leesa Sleep, whose social mission is complementary to West Elm's commitment to consciousness. The partnership allows customers to experience Leesa's American-made mattresses in select West Elm locations and is attracting new customers to the brand.
 Second, we are accelerating innovation in our marketing, particularly in digital advertising. Campaigns such as House Proud, combined with an increased focus on content-based marketing across all channels, play a material role in driving sales and customer loyalty.
 We also continue to scale our new hospitality and workspace businesses to increase new customer touch points and drive further brand awareness.
 And finally, we are leveraging the power of our multichannel model to drive superior customer service and loyalty across all of our channels. Our high-touch service model centered around our Design Crew offering and installation services utilizes our physical presence to drive sales growth in both our retail and digital channels. 
 In the third quarter, we opened 5 new stores in Fort Worth; Des Moines, Iowa; Albany, New York; Hoboken, New Jersey and Ardmore, Pennsylvania. These new stores are surpassing our high expectations, introducing new customers to the brand and driving growth in our e-commerce business.
 Looking ahead, we are excited about our expanded decor and gifting assortment that we believe will drive new customer acquisition during the holiday season. We are confident that the growth acceleration we have seen this year, combined with our differentiated brand strategies, will propel West Elm to become our next $2 billion brand.
 Now I'd like to discuss our newer brands, Rejuvenation, Mark and Graham and our international operations. Rejuvenation continues to perform well, with another quarter of double-digit comp growth, driven by strong performance in our core lighting and hardware businesses as well as in our emerging categories of furniture, textiles and wall decor. Our category expansions, combined with our increased presence online and in retail, have continued to drive brand awareness and new customer acquisitions. 
 Looking forward to Q4, we are focused on expanding our core programs and introducing gifting destinations on our website and in our stores and catalogs. We are optimistic about the strong trends we see in Rejuvenation as we continue to broaden our product offerings and introduce revised aesthetics to drive incremental growth. We're excited about the long-term prospect of Rejuvenation and its potential to become a significant multichannel lifestyle brand.
 Mark and Graham delivered another quarter of profitable double-digit growth, driven by exciting new product offerings and strong trends in luggage and men's accessories, tech and home categories. Our recently launched lifestyle marketing campaign is driving growth in our core programs, and we continue to leverage the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. portfolio to extend the brand's reach and increase customer acquisitions. 
 Looking to the holiday season, we are focused on creating the best-in-class online gifting destination with an emphasis on digital marketing and our dynamic assortment of curated personalized gifts. 
 In our global business, our company-owned operations in Australia and the United Kingdom continued to deliver double-digit revenue growth in Q3. We also saw improved profitability in these 2 markets, driven by the impressive growth in our e-commerce business, up 44%, and our continued focus on operational improvement.
 To further enhance our global multichannel strategy, we recently launched directly operated e-commerce operations in Canada to better serve our customers in that market. We continue to leverage the growth of our existing owned and franchised businesses by opening new stores, expanding through new channels and introducing our brands into new markets.
 In Q3, we executed several wholesale arrangements to introduce the Williams-Sonoma brand to our U.K. customers with pop-ups in both Fortnum & Mason and Harrods as well as the West Elm brand to the Ireland customer, with a full-scale shop-in-shop in Arnotts in Dublin. We will be also opening our second West Elm store in the Kingston area of London later this year.
 During the quarter, our franchise partners continued their expansion. Alshaya opened 3 new stores in Bahrain, Liverpool opened 2 stores in Mexico, and Hyundai Livart opened a new store in South Korea. We also expanded our brand presence in the Philippines, with 2 shop-in-shops in Rustan Department Stores. 
 And as our global operations continue to grow, we are actively exploring opportunities for franchise expansion into new, larger markets and to establish our e-commerce presence around the world, both company-owned and with our franchise partners.
 Overall, we are committed to driving top line growth and are making strategic investments to enhance our value proposition, deliver a superior customer experience and drive new customer acquisition. These investments are enabling us to enhance and more effectively leverage our high-touch customer service platform and set a new industry standard.
 I will now pass the call over to Julie to discuss our financial results in more detail. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon, everyone. 
 Our third quarter results reflect our ability to drive both top line and bottom line growth and to once again deliver on our financial commitments.
 On the top line, we are pleased to see another quarter of sequential revenue acceleration and a return to market share gains with our home furnishings businesses outperforming the industry during the third quarter.
 Total revenues for the third quarter increased 4.3% to approximately $1.3 billion, with comp brand revenue growth of 3.3%, which accelerated 50 basis points from the second quarter despite an unfavorable impact from the hurricanes of approximately $7 million in lost sales or 60 basis points of growth. Our top line performance reflects strong growth in both our e-commerce and retail channels. 
 In e-commerce, revenue growth accelerated to 6.4%, and increased 100 basis points year-over-year to a new historical high of 53.1% of total revenues despite lost sales growth in the hurricanes of approximately 30 basis points.
 This growth was primarily driven by West Elm, Williams-Sonoma, our newer businesses, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham, and our company-owned international operations, almost all of which had another quarter of double-digit growth.
 In the retail channel, revenues grew 2.1% despite the lost sales from the hurricanes of approximately 90 basis points and an 8% decline in national mall traffic. Our continued retail growth reflects the ongoing success we are seeing across our various retail initiatives, including our in-home design services and store remodels. 
 We also saw top line improvement across all of our brands. West Elm continued its double-digit revenue growth to 15.4% this quarter, with revenue comps once again accelerating sequentially to 11.5% on top of 12% last year.
 Williams-Sonoma also saw sequentially improved comps with a revenue comp of 2.3%, which reflects an estimated lost sales impact of 60 basis points from the hurricanes.
 Across the Pottery Barn brand, their combined comp accelerated both year-over-year and sequentially from the second quarter. And while their net comp only accelerated 10 basis points, their demand comp accelerated 2.3%, and both reflect an approximately 50 basis point negative impact from the hurricanes.
 In Pottery Barn, we saw improved active, new and reactivated customer counts which, if you adjust for the impact of the hurricanes, helped to drive another quarter of positive revenue comp and a sequentially accelerated demand comp of 2.2%. 
 In our kids and teen brands, inclusive of the lost sales impact from the hurricanes, we saw positive comp of 0.1% in Pottery Barn Kids, which was a significant improvement from last quarter's negative 3.9%. And in Pottery Barn Teen, we saw a positive net comp of 3% and a demand comp of 9%, both of which significantly accelerated in the second quarter and year-over-year.
 And in our newer businesses. Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham as well as our company-owned international businesses, we delivered another quarter of double-digit growth.
 This broad-based improvement in our top line speaks to the strength of the initiatives that we are driving across all of our brand. It is clear that our focus on customers service, product innovation and value is working.
 Moving down the income statement. Gross margin for the third quarter was 35.9% versus 36.8% last year. Occupancy costs of $171 million versus $168 million last year leveraged 30 basis points during the third quarter. The 90 basis points of gross margin deleverage was primarily driven by lower selling margins. 
 We made a strategic decision to provide more value to our customers. As such, we have been implementing more competitive product pricing and shipping fees which we indicated we have been investing in all year. And our customers are responding favorably, evidenced by the accelerated growth we have seen this year across all of our brands.
 We also incurred higher year-over-year shipping costs. Ensuring a superior customer delivery experience is a key focus for us, and these costs reflect our desire to ensure timely and damage-free deliveries. This, combined with higher shipping rates and higher customer demand for furniture, which is more expensive to ship, were the primary drivers for the increased shipping costs. These increased costs, however, were partially offset by our supply chain fulfillment-related benefits that we continue to see. 
 SG&A for the third quarter was 27.4% of net revenues in 2017 versus 27.9% in 2016. The 50 basis points of leverage was primarily driven by lower employment expenses which was partially offset by higher digital advertising costs from our investment in new customer acquisition.
 Operating margin for the third quarter was 8.5% versus 8.9% last year. Our operating income of almost $111 million, reflecting the lost sales impact from the hurricanes, was comparable to last year. And if you take into consideration the earnings impact of the lost sales from the hurricanes, our operating income growth was relatively in line with our sales growth.
 By segment, the operating margin in the e-commerce channel was 20.7% versus 23.1% in 2016. The deleverage in operating margin was primarily driven by lower selling margins from our strategic decision to provide value to our customers through competitive pricing and reduced shipping fees as well as higher shipping costs to ensure a superior customer delivery experience. We also incurred higher digital advertising costs to support our investment in new customer acquisition.
 The operating margin in the retail channel was 7% versus 7.9% in 2016. This decrease in operating margin was primarily driven by higher employment expenses as we continued to make the necessary investments in order to deliver an elevated customer experience in our stores and to support our new stores across the West Elm, Pottery Barn and Rejuvenation brands. The retail operating margin also reflects an approximately 20 basis point impact in lost sales from the hurricane. 
 Corporate unallocated expenses as a percentage of net revenues were 5.8% in the third quarter compared to 6.9% in 2016 due to lower employment expenses. The overall leverage of corporate expenses resulted from higher year-over-year revenue as well as lower technology infrastructure investment.
 The effective income tax rate in the third quarter was 35.3% versus 36.6% last year. The year-over-year tax rate improvement was primarily driven by the overall mix and level of earnings as well as the incremental benefits we continue to see from the improved profitability across our international operations which are taxed at a lower rate. We are pleased that we have seen improved profitability across our international operations all year and that these profits have driven a corresponding reduction in our corporate tax rate.
 Our third quarter diluted earnings per share grew to $0.84, which includes an estimated $0.02 negative impact associated with the lost sales from the hurricanes.
 On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with a cash balance of $91 million versus $75 million last year, and we had $170 million outstanding under our revolving credit facility at the end of the quarter.
 As a reminder, given the seasonality of our business, our cash levels reached their lowest point at this time of the year as we fund our business ahead of the holiday season.
 During the third quarter, we invested an additional $53 million in our business and returned $95 million to stockholders through share repurchases and dividends. As a result, by the end of the third quarter, we had invested approximately $136 million in the business, paid approximately $102 million in dividends and bought back over $154 million in our stock, leaving approximately $256 million remaining under our current share repurchase authorizations.
 Merchandise inventories at $1,177,000,000 increased 10.6% compared to last year. A large portion of this inventory growth, however, was associated with inventory that is in transit. Our inventory on-hand and available-for-sale grew 6.7%. The biggest drivers of our inventory growth are our higher growth brands particularly, West Elm and Rejuvenation.
 Excluding the inventory associated with those brands that are experiencing double-digit sales growth, inventory on-hand and available-for-sale grew 4.2%.
 This inventory growth sets us up well for the holiday season, and we still expect inventory growth at the end of the year to be relatively in line with our sales growth.
 I would now like to discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2017 guidance. 
 For the fourth quarter of 2017, we expect to grow net revenues to a range of $1,610,000,000 to $1,675,000,000, with comparable brand revenue growth now in the range of 2% to 6%. We expect our fourth quarter operating margin to be below last year, and we expect diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $1.49 to $1.64. This fourth quarter guidance will have us delivering at the high end of our ranges, revenues and EPS growth of 6%, despite investments in our business to drive future growth.
 For the full year, we are raising our revenue guidance. We now expect to grow revenues to a range of $5,225,000,000 to $5,290,000,000, with comp brand revenue growth in the range of 2% to 4%. We expect our operating margin to be 9% to 9.2%, and our tax rate to improve to a range of 35% to 36%.
 Our diluted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $3.45 to $3.60. 
 All other financial guidance within the press release remains unchanged from the previous guidance.
 Our strategy to drive top line growth through investments in customer service, value and new customer acquisition are working, and we are focused on fulfilling our customers' needs during this holiday season by leveraging the power of our multi-brand, multichannel model to offer high-quality, superior products with excellent customer service. 
 Our guidance provides us with the flexibility to make the necessary strategic investments to enhance our value proposition and drive new customer acquisition and long-term top line expansion. At the same time, we remain firmly committed to delivering sustainable earnings growth and maximizing returns for our shareholders.
 From a capital allocation perspective, we remain focused on a balanced capital allocation strategy. We plan to utilize our strong annual operating cash flow to first and foremost, invest in the business in those areas that will fuel our growth and provide the highest returns. We plan to utilize our excess cash flow to return capital to our shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends.
 With regards to our investment in Outward that we announced earlier today, we will be funding this $112 million all-cash transaction through our existing cash balances and our current revolving credit facility. 
 In an effort to further optimize our capital structure, we are also currently seeking term loan funding of approximately $300 million in conjunction with the renewal and extension of our current revolver. This additional liquidity will allow us to reduce our seasonal reliance on our revolver and to provide additional financial flexibility.
 In summary, as we head into the fourth quarter, we are confident that our strategic focus on digital leadership, product innovation, a high-touch customer experience and operational excellence, together with our proven track record of strong financial discipline, will allow us to continue the momentum we are seeing in our business and to deliver long-term value for our shareholders.
 I would now like to wish you all happy holidays, and I will now open up the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Kate McShane with Citi. 
Kate McShane: My first question is just with regards to gross margins, Julie, I know you walked through some of the puts and takes, but could you help us put into buckets how much is from shipping, how much is more from expanding the opening price points, and how much was offset by the supply chain efficiency? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. I'm not going to give you the exact amounts, but I think I can give it to you somewhat in order. If you look at it, the biggest driver of the gross margin decline is slower selling margins because obviously we had another fantastic quarter of occupancy leverage that further leveraged from the second quarter. So if you back that out, the driver is the lower selling margins. The biggest driver is our investment in providing value to our customers through more competitive product pricing and through reduced shipping income. And then as well as the higher shipping costs from higher shipping rates and a move to more furniture this quarter which is more expensive to ship. So when you think about the supply chain benefit, that's another way you could do that answer and you could say that amount of investment that we're making in the product pricing, if you include the occupancy and the supply chain benefit, to completely offset this. And the supply chain benefits are holding to about the same benefit we've seen all year long. 
Kate McShane: Okay, great. And then an unrelated question, you had mentioned, I think, in your prepared comments about e-commerce operations in Canada. Can you tell us a little bit more about that? What was there before? And how does that change the overall global business? 
Laura Alber: Yes, sure. We've always had a very successful Canadian retail business. And we put into place Borderfree application to our website, but we didn't have a specific custom-built Canadian website like we do in our other foreign countries that we're doing business in. And we realized that while we had a layer that allowed customers to buy things, it wasn't as relevant as it could be, and also there's nuances with the pricing and matching different promotions that we wanted to get more cleared up and better control the inventory flow to the customers. So it's a better customer experience. We appreciate all Borderfree does for us in getting us into other markets where we have less of an established business. But in Canada, we have such a sizable retail business, it was time to make sure that we had the same consistent online experience that we do in the United States. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Chris Horvers from JPMorgan. 
Christopher Horvers: Could you explain exactly what demand comp is? I think we're -- there's a bunch of investors that are confused as to what exactly that is. And then as it relates to the fourth quarter, I know you're saying 9% to 9.2% for the year, but it seems like to get in your range, it's pretty tough. Should we think about the gross margin sort of seasonally -- acting seasonally consistent as it does in prior years, where gross margin's up 150, 250 basis points sequentially off the third quarter? 
Julie Whalen: Okay. So first, Chris, this is Julie. For your question regarding demand, demand is where the customer has ordered the goods and wants them. And either we don't have them/from a demand met perspective, we weren't able to deliver them on time to be able to recognize them from a revenue recognition perspective. So it's the true health of the business because customer wants the product, and so that's why we're calling it out. And so it's just the fulfillment side of it that's making it not turn into met, for example. 
Laura Alber: And let me give you one example. So in Pottery Barn, one of our many strategies is our international drop-ship. In international drop-ship, it's a capital-light strategy and the products is not warehoused in our domestic warehouses. At the same time, the lead time is longer. So as we move more demand to some of those strategies, it doesn't fill in the quarter too well. Just to give you a specific example of why that might happen. 
Christopher Horvers: But you don't actually charge -- you don't charge the customer. That's not like a customer deposit. That doesn't show up on the balance sheet. 
Julie Whalen: No. We charge the customer if we have the good and we don't get it delivered, but we don't charge the customer if we don't have the good. So it depends on which is the reason. As far as the operating margin guidance, obviously, we have guided the operating margin directionally to be below last year. Yet the one thing I do want to call out is that this operating margin guidance will still have us maintaining an industry-leading operating margin and operating income with strong operating cash flow. And at the end of the day, we are focused on serving our customer and accelerating our top line growth. We are focused on fulfilling our customers' needs during this holiday season, and our strategy is to drive top line growth through investments in customer service value and new customer acquisition are working. And so this guidance provides us with the necessary flexibility to make the strategic investments to enhance our value proposition and to drive new customer acquisition, both of which has fueled top line expansion and will continue to do so. So we have to continue to invest in those areas that are going to help us stay ahead of the competition and allow us to provide the best customer service to ensure long-term, sustainable, profitable growth for our shareholders. And given our accelerating top line expansion all year, along with our return this quarter to outperforming the home furnishings industry and taking market share, our investment today to drive new customers and the lifetime value that they provide, will not only help to maintain our continued shorter-term sales acceleration, but will also fuel long-term top line performance for our shareholders. As a result, we are aggressively pursuing market share gains by making the necessary investments today while still maintaining industry-leading operating margins and operating income. And we believe this is in the best interest for our shareholders long term. 
Christopher Horvers: I think we were going to interpret that as being able to strike that balance, so is it aggressively pursuing share? How do you think about your ability to maintain -- stabilize the operating margin and not have them collapse? 
Julie Whalen: Well, I mean, it's a balance. So I mean, obviously, right what our drive has been, and as you've seen all year along, is to go after the top line and it's working. And we've said all along, we are investing in things that are working, we're going to continue to do that. On the flip side, we've got a lot of opportunities to offset the operating margin pressure. Whether it's continuous benefits we're seeing in the supply chain, there's a lot to go there, as we've talked to you about before. We have opportunities to in-source some of our advertising and technology costs, which will improve operating margin. As we drive that top line, it leverages all the fixed costs, which will improve operating margin, improve profitability in our international operations, helps as well. And so there's a ton of things that we're also working against. We also lap in the fourth quarter the bigger investment for Pottery Barn on both the reduced shipping fees and the investment in digital advertising. We still have the other brands that are still deleveraged there, but it's not as much. And that's a much bigger play in Q4 than Q3 because we started it sort of mid-quarter in Q3. And by that time the goods got delivered, et cetera, it was more of a Q4 play. So that's why we think there's sort of puts and takes on the op margin line. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Michael Fassler with UBS. 
Matthew Fassler: So should we think about the difference between brand comp and reported comp, along with the hurricane impact as -- sales you are going to get back in the fourth quarter as inventory is there and you don't face the same disruption that you did earlier in 3Q? 
Julie Whalen: Well, the hurricane, obviously, we don't get back. That's just a function of quantifying the lost sales from the hurricane, but it speaks to the fact that it's not necessarily a downward trend in the customer demand. It's just something that disrupted it. As far as the demand versus met, yes. I mean, obviously, goods come in and then we can fill it, or the goods weren't able to delivered by the end of the quarter and that should come in. And obviously, that's a part of our guidance for the fourth quarter. 
Michael Lasser: And when you -- my second question is when you talk about investment in providing value through competitive product pricing, does that mean you're taking product prices down? Or you're just offering more friends and family sales, more 20% off on certain items? How does it actually unfold? 
Laura Alber: We're always taking opportunities and making necessary investments to provide more value, whether it's in shipping or opening price points, or even mix of categories. So for example, instead of having only expensive considered purchases like furniture businesses growing, making sure that we're offering customers those things that are easy to purchase with great value every single day. At the same time, as it relates to promotions, we know customers are smart. They're looking for the best value, but they're not looking for it at the expense of quality. And we are consolidating and streamlining our promotions across our brands, and we do not intend to have incremental promotions. 
Michael Lasser: Okay. And just a clarification, what do you expect -- you have an extra week this year. What do you expect the sales and earnings contribution? 
Julie Whalen: We don't have an extra week this year. It's next year for us. 
Michael Lasser: Next year. Got it. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. 
Simeon Gutman: Julie and Laura, I have a question. It seems like this language around investing in price to create value, I just want to clarify, that does sound like a step-change from the way that we were talking about it just last quarter. Can you talk about what prompted that change, if that is correct? I guess, that will be my first question. 
Laura Alber: No change. 
Simeon Gutman: Okay, so this strategy was contemplated all year long? 
Laura Alber: Yes. As you may recall, when we laid out our Pottery Barn strategy and we've done all of our customer work, there were some key components to that strategy, including bringing the customer more inspiring decorating ideas, bringing back some of the decorating categories and building them. But also, there was a clear request for more opening price points and better value, similar to the way the Pottery Barn brand was when we started it. And so while a lot of the high-end product sells extremely well, we also didn't want to walk the customer when they're furnishing their first apartment because we know that all customers are not modern and they want different aesthetics, and Pottery Barn should be able to serve those customers like they always did. And by the way, that's the best entry to the brand. So it is the exact same strategy that we laid out. And we are now just further into the year, and we are executing it better than we were in the beginning of the year where we had just laid it out. 
Simeon Gutman: Got it. That's helpful. I guess, I was looking at the gross margin, and I thought it looked like it took a little bit of a step change in, I guess, some of the language around it. But I guess, as a follow-up to Chris' question about that trade-off. If we look at the gross profit dollar growth, right, because there, you get the sales and the margin in there. It was decent on an absolute basis, but if you look at it on a multi-year basis, it looked like it slowed a little bit. And so I guess the question is do you have a full understanding of the elasticity here of how much value you put in versus how much sales you get back? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. And real quick, to go back to your other question on gross margin. I think as I was kind of framing up with Kate, at the end of the day, we were providing a competitive product pricing for the customer and the reduced shipping. But I went out of my way to say that obviously the occupancy and the supply chain benefits are offsetting it. So what does that leave? It's the shipping cost. So the big driver that's sort of a little bit unique to this quarter is higher shipping cost than we expected, and that is what's brought it down. And so hopefully, that helps you sort of square root the gross margin. Obviously, we look at the dollars as well as gross profit. I'm happy you said that because I think that's important as well on the bottom line. And so we're obviously square rooting all that as to making that investment into the top line relative to the bottom. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer. 
David Bellinger: This is David Bellinger on for Brian. Just a couple of questions from us. It seems as though sales momentum at Pottery Barn was improving nicely over the past several quarters and then slowed here in Q3. Can you give us some more detail on the step back in trends and help us understand the key drivers there? 
Laura Alber: Yes. So as I said earlier, our demand comp was actually 2.2%. And that also was affected, unfortunately, by the hurricane. So we continue to see improvement. And the strategies that we're putting in place, particularly in dec-ac, our furniture strategies in small spaces are all working. And so the great news about that is that it's a strategy that builds upon itself into the future, and in particular, for holiday. We're seeing a really nice start to the beginning of the season in Pottery Barn. 
David Bellinger: Okay. And then just switching gears onto the Outward acquisition and your comments on augmented reality and VR. Are we now seeing some type of shift in the home category and more towards mobile that helped drive the timing of this deal? And can you provide us with more color on how your mobile sales have progressed lately and how that stacks up with others in the space? 
Laura Alber: I'm going to actually let Sameer and Felix take that question. 
Sameer Hassan: Great. Thanks, David. Yes, I mean, this is -- the trend to mobile is one that we've been talking about for some time and that we've definitely seen in retail overall, and in particular, in the home space. And we're really excited about what the acquisition of Outward means for our prospects across the entire digital experience, including mobile. Laura said it well before. 3D imaging is going to significantly transform the way that people shop, especially in the home space. And it's an area where we want to be a leader. To talk a little bit about the partnership first, and I'll address your question about mobile right after that. We've explored partnerships with a number of different companies in the 3D space over the last few years, and we believe Outward is the best. At the heart of their platform is the encoding of a physical product in 3D in a way that isn't purpose-built for a specific use case, but can be leveraged for any number of different use cases. And it's truly different than any other application of 3D that we've seen. It's built for the long term in a space that's changing rapidly. We believe that this focus on future-proofing will serve us well. And the quality of their 3D models is unparalleled. So to talk about mobile, specifically, related to your question, like I said, we've been a partner of Outwards for a few years now, and we've already seen real ROI from their 3D innovations: augmented reality, which is a huge mobile play for us as well as 360 product spin on our websites, including the mobile website. This is driving engagement on mobile, it's driving conversion on mobile, and it's going to be a big part of both our mobile strategy going forward as well our strategy with Outward going forward in terms of developing new 3D innovations that we're going to bring to market. And we're really excited about the prospects of what an even closer alignment with Outward can mean for our prospects of improving our digital experience going forward. 
Felix Carbullido: I would say on average on advertising front, we continue to shift funds from desktop to mobile and optimize to across device -- ROI across our brands. We're believers in the power of video across many of the mobile platforms. Laura mentioned our first test into programmatic TV, but we leverage that creative in many of our other videos that we create to advertise across many mobile-centric platforms. 
Operator: And we have time for one last question from Chuck Grom with Gordon Haskett. 
Charles Grom: Just on the fourth quarter guidance. Not to beat a dead horse here, but still a little bit be confused on how we should think about the complexion of gross margins in the fourth quarter. Would you expect to get a benefit again from occupancy? And would you think that the total grosses are going to be down commensurate with what they were in the third quarter? Is that how we should be thinking about it? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. I mean, obviously, we don't guide the gross margin at this point, and whatever pressure in that line has been assumed within the op margin guidance. But I think the way to think about it on the upside is that we are going to be lapping, as I said earlier, the Pottery Barn investment and reduced shipping income. And so that should help with the gross margin. We should see occupancy leverage, and so -- and I think the shipping costs should not be as significant given the fact that there's less furniture sales that occur in the fourth quarter for the holiday season. And so you should have some of those benefits that flow through. Of course, we always have our supply chain benefits that are continuing to roll through. And we think there's still opportunity to grow those. 
Charles Grom: Okay. Okay, that's helpful. And then I guess, when we take a step back and think about a little bit longer term here, your operating margins have obviously been on a little bit of a downward trend over the past few years. And just a backfill to Chris' question earlier, when you think about protecting market share and maintaining margins, do you think that's feasible over the next several years? 
Julie Whalen: Yes, yes. Yes, we do. And just remember, we are running our business for the long term. Customer satisfaction drives all of our decision making, and the current environment has created a lot of disruption, which we believe provides options for us to further drive growth. And so we're focused on making investments to better position our business for growth in the long run. So just not to beat a dead horse, but those are digital advertising, global operations, making opportunistic investments in technology, such as the Outward acquisition, and investing in our people who are, of course, the most important asset in driving our business forward. And as it relates to cost improvements, we also see tremendous opportunity in our supply chain efficiencies. Density in the supply chain drives costs down. Inventory optimization, improved in-stock and reduced overstocks, drive costs down. And we are reducing our ad cost and media buying spend, not by spending less but by spending less on markup, by taking more in-house, so we can expand our reach more efficiently. And last, we're building an engineering-driven technology team that will allow us to more efficiently execute on digital initiatives by reducing the number of contractors. It is all of these opportunities that we believe will set us up and differentiate us from the competition and allow us to drive long-term shareholder growth. 
Charles Grom: Okay. And if I could just maybe sneak one more in here just to get a little bit of verification here on the demand comp. Obviously, you guys have much better visibility than we do in this sort of new terminology for some of us. Could you maybe help us think about how the comp trended throughout the quarter? And then a lot of retailers that we cover have spoken about a nice pick up here in November. It sounds like that's the case for you guys. I was just wondering if you wanted to help us out a little bit on that front. 
Julie Whalen: Yes. I mean, typically, we don't give color on cadence, but I think it's pretty obvious. Clearly, fortunately, October didn't have the hurricane impact, and so October was obviously probably a stronger month. And then November, with no election distraction that we had last year, should be a stronger month. And we alluded to in the script that we've seen a strong start to the fourth quarter. Hopefully, that gives you some sort of color. 
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I will now turn the conference back over to Ms. Alber for any additional or closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: Thank you all. I appreciate the questions and the engagement, and I want to wish you all a great thanksgiving. And we look forward to talking to you next time. 
Operator: And that concludes our conference call for today. We thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Second Quarter 2017 (sic) [ 2018 ] Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded.
  I would now like to turn the call over to Beth Potillo-Miller, Senior Vice President of Finance, to discuss non- and GAAP financial measures and forward-looking statements. Please go ahead. 
Beth Potillo-Miller: Thank you, Shannon. Good afternoon, everyone. This call should be considered in conjunction with the press release that we issued earlier today.
  During the first quarter of 2017, we incurred severance-related charges of approximately $6 million or $0.04 per diluted share. These charges were recorded as SG&A expense within the unallocated segment. Also during the first quarter, we incurred tax expense of approximately $1 million or $0.02 per diluted share associated with the adoption of new accounting rules related to stock-based compensation. 
 The remainder of the discussion today will reference full year guidance related to diluted EPS and operating margin on a non-GAAP basis excluding these unusual items. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and our explanation of why the non-GAAP financial measures may be useful are discussed in our press release. 
  This call also contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, trends, guidance, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2017 and beyond, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company's current press release and SEC filings, including the most recent 10-K for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call.
  I will now turn the conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Thank you. 
Laura Alber: Good afternoon, and thank you all for joining us today. On the call with me are Julie Whalen, our Chief Financial Officer; and John Strain, our Digital and Chief Technology Officer.
  Our second quarter results reflect the strength of our brands and our competitive advantages as well as our relentless focus on driving innovation and operational excellence. The acceleration of our revenue growth to 3.7% with comp growth of 2.8% demonstrates the investments and actions we are taking are driving improved top line performance.
  Our success with our key initiatives is centered upon delivering value, quality and excellent service to meet our customers' changing needs. And we are aggressively building upon these initiatives to further differentiate ourselves and to drive growth. 
  Digital leadership is one of our highest priorities. We are increasing our investments to improve the customer experience and engagement and to drive profitable top line growth. As you're aware, one of our key areas of focus this year is an investment in new customer acquisition through increased digital advertising. Year-to-date, we have significantly increased our digital advertising investment. And as a result, we are seeing strong new customer counts with higher traffic trends and increased orders. And our commitment to increasing our top-of-funnel digital advertising spend has allowed us to reach more customers. We've also experienced strong new customer growth in the key channels of paid search, display and social advertising. 
  In an effort to drive engagement with our customers through relevance across all of our brands, we are expanding our one-to-one personalization efforts. We've experienced an uplift in engagement and higher margins with our new personalization-based e-mails and we are seeing the same results translate to our sites. By the end of the fiscal year, we anticipate tripling the number of personalized impressions delivered on our website, enabled by both an expansion of personalization campaigns and improved customer identification.
 We have several high-impact e-commerce initiatives going live throughout Q3. We are replatforming our mobile experience, leveraging the latest progressive web app technology that will feature a highly engaging, fast-performing app-like experience. We are launching a redesign of our product information pages, introducing improved functionality, product information and storytelling. And we are taking our key loyalty program to the next level with an improved in-store experience, customer self-service options and capability that will enable us to introduce new and enhanced services for our key members. We are also testing various digital innovation initiatives in specific brands and based on our findings, will implement best practices across the portfolio.
  For example, in PBteen, we improved the ship-to-store experience, specifically for our PB Dorm customers. While the pilot is still in flight, early results are very positive both for the customers in terms of convenience and for our stores in terms of driving traffic. This has been a great test and advance of our "buy online, pick up in store" program that we'll be first launching in the Williams-Sonoma brand this fall. 
  On our Pottery Barn brand site, we introduced a new feature called Favorites that allows our customers to bookmark their favorite products across our desktop and mobile sites. We've already seen great response with over 600,000 favorites in less than 6 weeks and the directly attributable revenue has exceeded our expectations. We'll be rolling this feature out to all brands this quarter.
  Our West Elm team launched the Pinterest Style Finder tool in July. This digital search tool is just 1 example of the artificial intelligence-based solutions that we are working on. It is a great complement to the efforts we are driving on the augmented reality digitalization front across our brands, where we already have over 130,000 SKUs encoded in 3D that we are using both on our sites and in conjunction with our app. 
 Second, our supply chain remains a primary focus for us and we are continuing to invest in those initiatives that directly improve our customers' experience and value perception and that position us even further ahead of the competition.
  Order visibility is a key area of focus for us. We've been working aggressively to both improve the customer experience and drive efficiencies at our stores and care centers. We want our customers to know precisely where the furniture is in the delivery process. In Q3, we'll be enhancing our customer order visibility platform, enabling customers to better track the status of their furniture orders and even receive text alerts when the driver is en route. As it relates to damage-free and speed of delivery, we've seen significant improvements in our metrics and are aggressively challenging ways to find further advancements.
  On speed of delivery, our ongoing process optimization efforts have yielded improvements in both our furniture home delivery and our conveyable parcel delivery network. Productivity increases have not only driven shorter delivery times, but have also resulted in a reduction in operating expenses. And in our upholstery manufacturing operations, we've increased productivity to all-time high.
  From a cost efficiency perspective, we've realized savings in several areas as a result of our optimization efforts, including order consolidation improvements, increased pieces for delivery and meaningful reductions and returns and replacements. 
 Also in the quarter, we launched a new international direct ship solution that combines our advantages of direct sourcing in Asia with our domestic logistics network. This also allows a stability to strategically expand our assortments without impacting our regional distribution centers. While we have just launched the program in Q2, we are enthusiastic about the incremental opportunities that this represents. Our supply chain efforts are yielding results as indicated both by our improved customer metrics and the feedback we are receiving from our customer service surveys on some of the most critical customer touch points, including our home delivery network and care center. 
  In Q2, we expanded our survey capability to allow us to directly solicit feedback from customers on every in-home delivery and every call. The insights from this research not only validate our progress to date, but most importantly, allow us to identify opportunities to better service our customers in the future. We'll continue to prioritize these customer-centric initiatives as our supply chain is a competitive advantage for us and a critical component of the customer experience. 
  Finally, in retail, we know that our stores competitive advantaged and our multichannel model, especially in our industry, will allow us to lead. And as a result, we have been working on several opportunities to maximize this competitive advantage. Across all brands, our retail presence offers customers an important source of inspiration and having experienced sales associates and in-home designers working through the complexities of an in-home design experience is a competitive advantage for us. We recently took our leading in-home design services to the next level with the launch of Design Crew, a new complementarity cross-brand design service. The Design Crew initiative will offer our customers personal assistance from design professionals to find products and services for a variety of unique needs, leveraging our portfolio of brands in an integrated way. Our experts are especially trained to help customers with many home requests such as decorating, renovating, entertaining, cooking and gift-giving. This service further reinforces our commitment to provide outstanding service to our customers and deepens our relationship with both new and returning shoppers. Additionally, to enhance the customer experience in all of our stores, we've been investing in point-of-sale technology and scheduling tools, which will provide operational efficiencies and elevated service levels.
  We've also been focused on retail optimization across our brand and have driven improved financial results from both closing underperforming stores and successfully remodeling or relocating existing stores. 
  Now I'd like to discuss the performance of our brands and their progress on their product initiatives. I'm excited to talk to you about the progress in Pottery Barn, which delivered a 1.2% revenue comp in the second quarter. The Pottery Barn team has been working very hard on the repositioning of the brand and has developed a road map of initiative to implement across all areas of the business from product to value to marketing. 
 As a result of these initiatives, we're seeing positive response in customer satisfaction metrics, customer counts and increased sales. We're driving improvements in multiple categories. Our new furniture collections are strong. And most exciting is that our decorative accessories, entertaining and textile categories, where we are driving growth with our focus on easy decorating and seasonal ideas that convert new customers. 
 In our fall collection, we launched a broader assortment of opening price points, small space solutions and a wider range of aesthetics and we are just getting started. We recently launched a collaboration with Emily & Meritt after very successful initial customer reaction has been strong. Also, we announced an exclusive collaboration with the designer Monique Lhuillier, which will debut in the holiday season. Our brand repositioning is working. Our new product introductions, opening price points, merchandising strategy, improved strong experiences and fresh approach to marketing are all resonating with our customers. The Pottery Barn team has made significant progress on these strategies to increase brand relevance and acquire new customers, and we believe we will continue to see further acceleration in growth in Pottery Barn.
  In Pottery Barn Kids, while comp revenues declined 3.9%, demand revenue was positive in the second quarter. Our customers are responding favorably to our back-to-school assortment, our textiles and our furniture collections. In particular, nursery furniture continues to grow double digits, and we continue to make progress transitioning all nursery and bedroom furniture to GREENGUARD certification. 
 We remain focused on expanding our baby business. We're seeing a favorable response to our curated line of Baby Gear, launched in April, which is attracting new customers to the brand, and drove a double-digit increase in registry creations in the quarter. 
 During the quarter, we introduced our back-to-school gear collection featuring innovative designs, new personalization options and waste-free lunch solutions, and the customer response has been excellent.
  We recently launched our fall and Halloween collections, and are also encouraged by the early response to those. These results, along with the performance we are seeing in our back-to-school collection and the increased level of assortments we have built in these important seasonal categories, give us the confidence in the success of our Q3 and Q4 strategies.
  PBteen posted a 0.2% revenue comp, a significant turnaround from Q1 results of negative 14.3%, with improvement across all major categories as well as in our inventory position and our ability to serve our customer. We launched our fall collection during the quarter and are encouraged by the customer response to our increased aesthetic diversity, revamped offerings across many categories and our focus on value. 
 Furniture continues to deliver positive results, driven by introductions in our bedroom furniture business and expanded lounge seating options. In the textile and accessory categories, we saw a dramatic improvement with our fall launch, giving us confidence for the upcoming seasons. 
 And in our back-to-school business, we are seeing breakout results in our Dorm offerings, which feature innovative and stylish solutions for small-space living. Our collaborations remain an important strategy and we continue to see exceptional response to our new Emily & Meritt collection. We'll continue to build upon these successes and are joining forces with top talent and beloved brands to deliver next-level product exclusivity and compelling digital content. 
 We've recently announced our license collaboration with Harry Potter. The collection is designed with iconic Harry Potter references across a range of home decor, including furniture, bedding and decorative accessories to transform any bedroom into a magical space. The collection will launch in September and we have other exciting product launches scheduled for fall and holiday, including a collaboration with iconic fashion designer Anna Sui. With the recent improved trends in PBteen, we are optimistic about the quarter ahead. Our fall offering is strong, our back-to-school businesses are delivering meaningful volume and the pipeline is full of new launches, new collaborations and a compelling holiday assortment.
  The Williams-Sonoma brand ended the quarter with a 1.9% comparable brand revenue growth. We continue to execute on our strategies of high-quality merchandise at great values, elevating the experience across all channels and acquiring new customers. From a merchandising perspective, we continue to see growth by offering our customers exclusive products available only at Williams-Sonoma. We continue to expand our own Williams-Sonoma branded line, while at the same time deliver exclusive innovation from our strategic vendor partners. We had a strong summer season with introductions of exclusive outdoor cookware, and innovative products that capitalized on current cooking trends. We launched several key collaborations in our food business, including a line of food products with New York Times' best-selling cookbook author, TV personality and country music singer, Trisha Yearwood, which were among some of our most popular selling food items this season. 
 In our marketing efforts, we continue to interact with existing and new customers with a variety of initiatives. For the third consecutive year, Williams-Sonoma presented the culinary stage at BottleRock in Napa, California. Chefs and celebrities including Martha Stewart, Jesse Tyler Ferguson, Jos Andrs, Chef Morimoto and Ayesha and Steph Curry partnered in culinary-themed performances to entertain audiences throughout the entire event. We also participated in the Atlanta Food & Wine event and hosted a wide array of events and book signing across our entire retail fleet of chefs and personalities, including Giada.
  Also, Williams-Sonoma Home continued its strong performance in the second quarter. We expanded our retail presence in Williams-Sonoma Home, adding product into 7 additional locations in the quarter, bringing the total to 51 store locations with Williams-Sonoma Home product. In the third quarter, we'll be placing Williams-Sonoma Home into 13 more stores as well as converting a Pottery Barn store in Chelsea, New York to a freestanding Home location. 
 Looking to fall, we are already seeing great consumer response to our fall seasonal lineup and we are excited about new-product collaborations and a number of new exclusive launches. Additionally, we'll be launching a key strategic program, "buy online, pick up in store" that we believe will be transformative in driving incremental sales. 
 Now I'd like to talk about West Elm. As we announced at the beginning of June, Alex Bellos has returned to West Elm to lead the brand after 4 years of driving the rejuvenation, transformation and growth strategy. His deep experience at West Elm before moving over to Rejuvenation allowed him to drive quick results at the brand, and his transition to the brand is a great demonstration of the power of our multi-brand strategy and deep bench of talent across our organization. 
 In Alex's first quarter with West Elm, growth has reaccelerated to 14.3% with comp brand revenues of 10.1%. The West Elm team has quickly worked to focus on promotional messaging, streamlined pricing strategies and to reassert the key brand differentiators of product choice, community building and consciousness in sourcing. 
 We drove a very successful outdoor season with additional depth in key collections and breadth across new materials and functions. The launch of our new Italian modern furniture collection in June is a great representation of our market leadership in design, and the strong customer feedback to the collection builds a solid foundation for continued launches and growth throughout the year.
  On the sourcing front, we continued our leadership with launching and scaling Fair Trade in the home industry. We certified the first Fair Trade furniture factory in Vietnam in the quarter, bringing our top-selling furniture collection and over 2,500 more workers into a program that now benefits over 5,000 workers in 4 countries. We're also promoting economic development here in the United States with a focus on local sourcing, expanding our local showcase program to over 800 artisans and designers across all of our store markets. Our focus on conscious sourcing at home and abroad continues to be a major differentiator for the brand and drives benefit not only for our vendor partners, their workers and their communities, also for our overall supply chain and customers. We continued our focus on expanding the brand footprint to new geographic areas and market segments. We opened 2 new stores in Phoenix, Arizona and Portland, Maine within the quarters and both stores are performing above our expectations.
  We have 7 additional store openings throughout the remainder of the year and continue to see our profitable expansion of West Elm's retail fleet as a major competitive advantage to build sales and brand awareness. We also continue to build our business into new market segments. We debuted more than 20 new products and solutions in our West Elm Workspace line at NeoCon in Chicago, including a new collaboration with the world-renowned design firm, Gensler, and product design innovator, Qdesign, where we won 3 coveted Best of NeoCon awards and Interior Design Magazine's HiP award. We also announced 2 new locations for West Elm HOTELS, offering us a unique and powerful tool to expose new customers to the West Elm brand and to deepen our relationships with the current customers.
  Now I'd like to discuss our newer businesses, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham as well as our global business. Rejuvenation delivered another quarter of double-digit comp growth, driven by expansion online and a national store rollout that continues to be effective at driving profitable multichannel sales and customer acquisition. Greater depths in the core lighting and hardware categories are important to growth, accelerated by new businesses in furniture, textile and furniture accessories. Our commitment to our manufacturing roots in Portland as well as our partnerships with domestic manufacturers across the country is fundamental to the growth and strategic direction of this business. 
  As previously announced in July, we welcomed Ryan Ross back to Williams-Sonoma, Inc. to lead Rejuvenation. This is a return to our company for Ryan, where from 2000 to 2008 he held positions of increasing responsibility in the company's Pottery Barn brand, culminating in the role of Vice President of E-commerce. Ryan most recently served as Executive Vice President of Marketing, Creative and Digital Commerce at HSN. Ryan has great multichannel expertise and we're excited about his ability to lead our Rejuvenation management team and their continued effort to drive accelerated and profitable growth in this brand.
  Mark and Graham continued its profitable double-digit growth in the second quarter, also driven by successful execution of Mother's Day and Father's Day, both of which were important gifting opportunities for the brand. We also recently launched a new lifestyle marketing campaign, which is contributing up to triple-digit comps on core programs. We believe Mark and Graham is well positioned for Q3 and Q4 with new product innovation, an exciting new creative campaign and emphasis on digital marketing and is on track for continued success as an emerging brand.
  In our global business, our company-owned businesses in Australia and the U.K. continued to deliver strong performance with over 10% revenue growth. We continue to be convinced that we have a tremendous opportunity for a global, multichannel, multi-platform, high-quality home furnishings business like we have in the United States.
  We have made progress towards the goals that we have set this year, entering the dynamic retail market of South Korea with our franchise partner, Hyundai Livart, and expanding further with our existing partners in the Middle East and Mexico. In our company-owned retail and e-commerce operations in Australia and the U.K., our continued focus on operational excellence, along with double-digit growth has resulted in further cost structure leverage and improved profitability in each of these markets. And because of the positive impact that retail stores have on our e-commerce business, later this year, we'll be opening an additional West Elm store in the Kingston area of London.
  As we continue to improve our global operations to support our existing business and partnerships, we are exploring opportunities for franchise expansion into new markets and to build our e-commerce business around the globe, both company-owned and with our franchise partners.
  In summary, the acceleration in our Q2 top line performance reflects the positive customer response to our key strategic initiatives. We know that we are successful when we offer our customers differentiated, high-quality products at a great value and superior high-touch customer service. And our focus on innovation and operational excellence is grounded in our ability to understand and adapt to the changing desires and behaviors of our customers. And we believe our relentless focus on our strategic initiatives and customer service, along with our competitive advantages and opportunities for growth will enable us to drive long-term industry-leading profitable growth, resulting in sustainable shareholder returns.
  I will now pass the call over to Julie to discuss our financial results and our guidance. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon, everyone. During the second quarter, our results demonstrated overall sequential improvement from the first quarter and that we are able to once again deliver on all of our financial commitments, including meeting the high end of our EPS guidance range while continuing to invest in our long-term initiatives. 
  On the top line, total revenues for the second quarter increased 3.7% over $1.2 billion, with comp brand revenue growth of 2.8%, a 270 basis point acceleration from the first quarter, further demonstrating the continued progress we are making on our initiatives to drive positive momentum across the business. 
  During the quarter, we saw e-commerce revenue growth reaccelerate to 5.2%, growing to 52.5% of total revenues, an 80 basis point increase over last year and a historical high. With growth primarily at West Elm, Williams-Sonoma, our newer businesses, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham, and our company-owned international operations, almost all of which had double-digit growth. The retail channel grew 2.1%, driven primarily by strong growth in West Elm and Pottery Barn, reflecting the continued success we are seeing across our various retail initiatives, including our in-home design services and store remodels.
  The Pottery Barn brand returned to positive growth with a revenue comp of 1.2%, a sequential improvement of 260 basis points from the first quarter. The Pottery Barn Kids comp accelerated 180 basis points during the first quarter and they also saw sequential improvement in their demand comps, which turned positive in the second quarter. In PBteen, we delivered a positive comp of 0.2%, a significant turnaround from the negative 14.3% comp in the first quarter and they also saw a sequentially better demand comp and a positive 1.3% versus a negative 3.7% in the first quarter. Williams-Sonoma, at 1.9%, had its highest second quarter revenue comp in several years and has now delivered positive comps for 15 out of the last 16 quarters. West Elm, which we continue to believe will be our largest brand over time, reaccelerated back to double-digit revenue growth of 14.3% this quarter with revenue comps of 10.1% on top of 15.8% last year.
  Our newer businesses, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham, once again delivered double-digit growth of over 25%. And our company-owned international businesses also delivered another quarter of double-digit revenue growth, primarily driven by the strong growth we continue to see in our e-commerce businesses in Australia and the U.K. 
  Our execution across the company drove this overall broad-based improvement in our top line. And given the disruption in the retail industry overall, these results give us confidence that our strategies to reaccelerate the business, along with our unique competitive positioning with a best-in-class multichannel model, strong, well-known brands with high-quality and proprietary products provided to our customers with superior customer service, will allow us to long-term outperform and maintain our leadership position in the industry.
  Moving down the income statement. Gross margin for the second quarter was 35.2% versus 35.4% last year. The 20 basis points of gross margin deleverage was driven by lower selling margins, primarily resulting from our investment and reduced shipping income to provide value to our customers. Occupancy costs were $168 million in the second quarter of 2017 as compared to $165 million in the second quarter of 2016, leveraging 20 basis points from the second quarter. And this leverage, along with the ongoing benefits we are seeing from our supply chain initiatives allowed us to only incur a 20 basis point gross margin impact after investing in reduced shipping income and providing overall value to our customers. SG&A for the second quarter was 28.4% of net revenues in 2017 versus 28.2% in 2016. The 20 basis points of deleverage was primarily driven by higher digital advertising costs from our decision to invest in new customer acquisition, which was partially offset by strong financial discipline across our general expenses. As a result, operating margin for the second quarter was 6.8% versus 7.2% in the second quarter of 2016. 
  By channel, the operating margin in the e-commerce channel was 21.4% versus 22.1% in 2016. The 70 basis point decline in operating margin was primarily driven by lower selling margins as a result of our investments in reduced shipping income as well as higher digital advertising costs as a result of our increased focus on new customer acquisitions. This decline was partially offset by strong expense management across occupancy,  employment and general expenses.
  Our investments to reduce shipping income and higher digital advertising helped drive the improvements we are seeing in our top line performance across the company and our higher digital advertising has driven improvement in customer counts, particularly in Pottery Barn, where we saw improved, active, new and reactivated customer counts year-over-year. 
  The operating margin in the retail channel was 6.1% versus 5.9% in 2016. This increase in operating margin primarily resulted from higher selling margins and lower general expenses, partially offset by higher employment primarily to support our growth initiatives, which include additional West Elm stores and our new Southeast distribution center that wasn't fully up and running until the end of the second quarter last year.
  Corporate unallocated expenses as a percentage of net revenues were 7.3% in the second quarter compared to 7.1% in 2016, reflecting the incremental depreciation costs associated with various technology capital investments to support the future growth of our business.
  The effective income tax rate in the second quarter was 34.8% versus 37.7% last year. The year-over-year tax rate improvement was driven by the overall mix and level of earnings as well as the incremental benefits we continue to see from the improved profitability across our international operations which are taxed at a lower tax rate. 
  Diluted earnings per share for the second quarter of 2017 was $0.61 versus $0.58 last year. On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with a cash balance of $103 million versus $111 million last year. We had $115 million outstanding under our revolving credit facility at the end of the quarter versus $125 million last year. During the second quarter, we invested an additional $51 million in our business and returned $89 million to stockholders through share repurchases and dividends. Merchandise inventories at $1,073,000,000 increased 11.4% compared to Q2 2016. A large portion of this inventory growth, however, was associated with inventory that is in transit and not yet received at our distribution centers. The biggest drivers of our inventory growth are associated with our higher growth brands, particularly West Elm. We also saw higher growth in PBteen, where sales had previously been most impacted by lower in-stock inventory levels.
  We are continuing to evaluate the balance between inventory and customer service levels. And at this point, we still expect our inventory levels to be relatively in line with our sales growth by the end of the year.
  I would now like to discuss our third quarter and fiscal year 2017 guidance. For the third quarter of 2017, we expect to grow net revenues to a range of $1,270,000,000 to $1,310,000,000 with comparable brand revenue growth in the range of 2% to 5%. We expect our third quarter operating margin to be relatively in line with last year and we expect diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $0.80 to $0.87. For the full year, we are reiterating all of our guidance ranges. We expect to grow net revenues 2% to 4% to a range of $5,165,000,000 to $5,265,000,000 with comparable brand revenue growth in the range of 1% to 3%. We expect operating margin to be 9.4% to 9.6%, and our diluted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $3.45 to $3.65.
  All other financial guidance within the press release remain unchanged from the previous guidance. This guidance will have us delivering at the high end of our ranges, 4% growth in revenues to almost $5.3 billion with a flat year-over-year operating margin and EPS growth in the mid- to high single digits despite substantial investment in the business to support our future growth.
  From a capital allocation perspective, we remain committed to a disciplined capital allocation strategy. We plan to utilize our strong annual operating cash flow to continue to invest approximately $200 million to $220 million in the business in support of our ongoing initiatives to improve the customer experience and to drive further operational efficiencies. We also intend to return capital to our shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends. By the end of the second quarter, we had invested approximately $83 million in the business, paid over $68 million in dividend and bought back over $93 million in our stock, leaving approximately $317 million remaining under our current share repurchase authorization. We are continuing to monitor our rate of buybacks. If lower valuation levels persists, we are prepared to continue to opportunistically increase our rate of buybacks like we did in second quarter through the back half of the year.
  With our strong cash flow generation, strong balance sheet and strong financial discipline, along with the improved momentum we are seeing in the business, our long-term growth opportunities, our well-known and loved portfolio of brands delivering superior customer experiences and inspiration and our leading multi-channel model with over 52% of our business already transacted online, give us confidence in our ability to lead our industry and to deliver long-term sustainable growth for our shareholders.
  I would now like to open up the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: .
 [Operator Instructions] And we first go to Kate McShane with Citi. 
Kate McShane: With regard to the merchandising changes you've made at the Pottery Barn brand, which sounds like they're very effective. I wondered if you could quantify at all how much of your overall offering in Pottery Barn you've touched and changed with your new merchandising initiative? And by holiday, how much do you think those merchandising changes will touch as a percentage of products sold? 
Laura Alber: It's an interesting way to look at it. We haven't really measured it that way, Kate. What we've tried to do is really listen to what our customer is asking for, and we have a broad base of customers and we want to make sure we're both delighting our current customers but also attracting new ones. So where we were more specific lately addressing from a percentage basis, a change was in the value offering in the small spaces. And while that's a competitive number, I would tell you that we've just begun in tapping into that market. We're seeing nice response already but we think we have a lot more opportunity in that area without affecting or turning off our current customers either. 
Operator: We'll go and take our next question from David Magee with SunTrust. 
David Magee: You mentioned both businesses being a big opportunity, and I'm curious as to what you all might be doing differently there to make it maybe more distinctive than your competition. 
Laura Alber: I think big thing is that we have a wide offer. We have incredible stores and great sales associates in the stores. And we've continued to look at ways to have the channels work together and it's a natural. It's not so much that it's a different execution that we have, I would argue, a better platform to execute it on. 
David Magee: Great. And just one other question, if I could. You mentioned the lower shipping income this quarter. I'm curious, when was the last time that you all sort of correctly reduced that number? 
Julie Whalen: So beginning in Q3 of last year, we started with the Pottery Barn brand. But the other brands all began -- the rest of the Pottery Barn brands began in the first quarter of this year. 
David Magee: Okay. And it's not the Williams-Sonoma? 
Julie Whalen: Williams-Sonoma has always had about 49 ships free. 
Laura Alber: And they also do have the flat rate that was something to put into place last year as well. 
Operator: Next question comes from Matt Fassler with Goldman Sachs. 
Matthew Fassler: I also want to focus on the shipping piece. Can you describe the elasticity you've seen, the response that you've seen kind of brand by brand as you reduced shipping whether it's having different ticket sizes or different kinds of transactions? And I did note, I think that Pottery Barn was really highlighted from a retail perspective more so than from an e-commerce perspective and I'm wondering how that dovetails with the shipping efforts there. 
Laura Alber: Sure. It's obviously really competitive to go into many details around the economics of our new shipping model. But I will say that the customer is responding to it, and we keep measuring to make sure that we're getting the return we're looking for. And also looking at the future and saying how can we really increase our average order size, and most importantly, better serve our customers. As you I think all know, the market is filled with lots of different shipping models. Some people put it in the price, some people charge restocking. And what we're trying to do is make it really simple and fair for our customers. And we're not done with -- we're not landed with what the future will hold for our shipping model in terms of specifics because each brand is very different with different AURs, so they are responding slightly differently. And we're going to keep measuring and then changing our model based on what we're seeing. 
Julie Whalen: And the buy channel comment, Matt, I think there's a couple of things you have to think about there. I mean, first of all, we did reaccelerate to 5.2%, and a big piece of that is because Pottery Barn got better from Q1 to Q2. They're obviously not back to where they were so that's a big driver. You can't say that the shipping income then isn't "working" in that channel. And from a retail perspective, a significant piece of what we do is in-home and a lot of that is what we call RTC, Retail to Customer, and a lot of that involves shipping. So the success we're seeing there doesn't mean that the shipping, obviously, is only working or not working in e-commerce. It's also working in retail. 
Operator: Next question comes from Chris Horvers with JPMorgan. 
Christopher Horvers: So I want to follow up on PB. You had a bit of a soft brand relaunch in July, [indiscernible], the aesthetics effort, at least in the merchandising front. Did you actually step up the advertising investment year-over-year? I know you started last year in the fourth quarter about, but did the dollar... 
 [Audio Gap] 
 you're seeing momentum on merchandising and new customer acquisition? 
Laura Alber: Yes, you bleeped out a little bit but I think I got your question. So yes, we did we relaunch with the fall assortment, more distinct aesthetics, testing new aesthetics, some of which are very successful and we're building on those obviously and then reducing the ones that are less successful. But we're clearly seeing a resurgence in our decorating categories, the things that people come in more frequently to buy, which also happen to be the areas that drive new customer acquisition. So we're very pleased with the effect of the new merchandising strategy on customer acquisition. Also at the same time, we did step up our digital marketing. We reduced some of our catalog marketing, but the total amount of spend was higher than last year. 
Christopher Horvers: But does that step up, take another leg up in the back half given where you are? 
Laura Alber: It depends on the return. We look at it every week. So if we continue to see good returns, we'll fund those brands with the best returns and we reduce those brands that have lesser returns. It's very dynamic. We assume so though. Our plan is now because it's working to keep investing there. 
Operator: Next question comes from Michael Lasser with UBS. 
Michael Lasser: I wanted to touch a little further on that very topic. Your sales were up about 4%. Your operating income dollars were down about 2%. It seems like some of the investments that you're putting in place are working. So should we expect that operating income dollars are going to continue to hover around this level? Or the year-over-year change in operating income dollars are going to hover around this level as long as you're seeing an effective return on those investments? And I'm talking over the next couple of years. 
Julie Whalen: Well from an operating income/operating margin perspective, obviously, we've guided to be directionally in line with last year for Q3. And obviously, if you kind of do the math, if we're holding on the year, it means we're going to be better in Q4. And part of that is because our expectation is we're going to have higher revenues, which should have a higher flow-through. So we expect that we're going to continue with this accelerated momentum as we move throughout the year. And also as we mentioned earlier, the investments in reduced shipping income and in higher digital advertising we began last year. We had Sonoma Home, but it was a small piece. But in Pottery Barn, we had begun with that in Q3 and Q4. And so that alleviates some of the year-over-year quarterly impact relative to like Q1 and Q2.  We're still going to be incremental at the lowest point. We're going to invest if we see the return, but you should see improvement in the op margin as we move throughout the year. 
Operator: Next question comes from Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. 
Simeon Gutman: Back on advertising for a second, you mentioned digital channel is up. Can you -- can we put it all together? Can you talk about advertising dollars in the quarter? What were they? And how it compares versus last year? And any commentary on ROI? I think Laura suggested you're continually monitoring and looking at it, but curious on what you could share on the ROI. 
Julie Whalen: So a couple of things. I'll look at it from a financial perspective, and then I'll turn it over to John to give a little more color. But from a financial perspective, we have said obviously that the biggest driver for our SG&A increase was our digital advertising. And it was obviously even more than that because we offset it with a general expense improvement and so forth. So it is a significant investment. It will come down slightly relative to Q1 and Q2 and Q3 and Q4, but it's still something that we are investing in and has an impact on the total 
John Strain: And it's working, right? We're really excited about the results we're seeing from the digital investments, visits, revenue directly derived from digital marketing channels have improved solidly. And we're going to continue to optimize catalog spend where we can shift dollars into digital channels and numbers reflect actually planned incremental investments there. And specifically, we're seeing strength in non-brand search terms, affiliates, remarketing, social programs, and these are more than offsetting any declines we're seeing in the e-mail. And then just Q2 Pottery Barn alone, we saw year-over-year positive order growth and customer growth. And we're seeing both order frequency and units for order improvement. So in general, these are all indications that the strategy investing in this top-of-funnel digital marketing channel really is working. So we're encouraged by this and some other further top-of-funnel marketing tests that we're doing because we're seeing strong incremental lifts in places like Instagram, Pinterest and the new Google [ POS ] that really are upper funnel. So strategy is working. We plan to continue to optimize spend, take advantage of it. 
Operator: Next question comes from Peter Benedict with Robert Baird. 
Peter Benedict: I just want to clarify, on the comment on the margins, Julie, I guess, the fourth quarter seems to imply. If you just use the midpoint implies maybe up 50 basis points or so year-over-year. The primary drivers of that, I think you said -- is it that you expect revenues -- revenue growth to accelerate and you'll get leverage off of that? Or are there other dynamics that would drive the inflection in margin -- operating margin in the fourth quarter? 
Julie Whalen: Well, I mean, there's obviously a lot of moving parts. The biggest player is revenue. So I mean if you look at the -- we obviously aren't giving Q4 guidance today, but I know effectively we give implied guidance. And if you look at the high end of the implied guidance, it's 4% growth versus last year so that when you get to the higher level of revenue, it is immediate. It flows right through to the bottom. And so that is the biggest driver of the increase. The second piece is the fact that we are lapping some of that investment in our reduced shipping income and higher digital advertising because we implemented it with Pottery Barn at the back half last year. So those are the 2 big drivers. 
Peter Benedict: Okay. That's great. And just on the occupancy, which grew I think about 2% year-over-year in the second quarter. That's been slowing down. I think it was up around 5% in 2016, what's driving the lower occupancy growth rate? And is that something that we should expect to persist over the balance of this year and into next? 
Julie Whalen: Yes, the occupancy did grow 2.2%. It's one of the lowest in a while. That's correct. I think there's a lot of moving parts in there. You have to remember the depreciation flows through there too. So it's both the fact that we're getting more effective with the renegotiation of our leases, and you're seeing some of that benefit come through. And it's also the fact of the timing of when and what goes into service from a depreciation standpoint. So it has moved around a bit. I'm really pleased to see that occupancy has returned to leverage this quarter for the first time in almost 2 years and I think that also a play in the fact that we have higher revenue, so I expect that to continue. 
Operator: Next question comes from Dan Binder with Jefferies. 
Daniel Binder: It's Dan Binder. You talked about supply chain savings and we've been hearing about that for probably at least a couple of quarters now. Just curious if you could sort of size that up and give us a sense of how much is still in front of us and where it's coming from. 
Julie Whalen: Yes, we haven't disclosed the amount of the supply chain benefits. What I did say, I mean, effectively with merch margins down because of the ongoing promotional environment, we were able to completely offset that with the ongoing supply chain benefits we had. The lower selling margins were predominantly due to the investment in reduced shipping income, so we are once again pleased to be able to have this benefits continuing to come in to offset that in the merch margin line. We had said I think that we'd gotten pressure before. In Q4 of last year, we had 100 basis point gross margin expansion. We said, "Guys, this isn't going to continue going forward." So we have -- the amount of benefits has come down because part of that was from lapping some of the higher costs in the prior year, but we are at a pretty sizable amount that continues to move forward as we move throughout the year and we don't expect that to change. And we see significant opportunities for ongoing supply chain benefits that we're just getting started with whether it's continuing with reduced returns, damages, replacements, freight, you name it. There's still a lot of opportunities to move that needle. 
Operator: Next question comes from Brad Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Bradley Thomas: A follow-up on the digital advertising as it relates to Amazon. In the last few months, we're seeing more and more home furnishings companies, brands listing their products on Amazon. Maybe, Laura, could you give us an update on what you're hearing from your customer in terms of how much they're looking at Amazon for a purchase like what you offer? And perhaps your willingness to consider selling through them? 
Laura Alber: Sure. We have really been listening to our customer a lot and what they're telling us is how much they appreciate our stores and the service that we offer is a huge differentiator. And while Amazon does a really -- so many things really well, have you ever tried calling them and asking them if they could please come refurnish your living room? It's a big thing that we do and our customers really love that service. So that is where we're focused. And we may have a lot of initiatives, but they're all centered around our customer and what our customers is looking for. And our service levels cannot be easily replicated and we think it's a huge differentiator. And there's no doubt in my mind that what we're doing at retail and our relentless obsession with customer service is the reason for the success that we're seeing and we're going to continue to focus on that. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer. 
Brian Nagel: The question I have is if you look at the revenues, clearly revenue really across the business improved in Q2 and Q1. You talked about a number of the internal initiatives. Are you seeing overall improvement in the environment too as you look at your various brands, your overall demand environment? 
Laura Alber: There's a lot of mixed information. I think you guys quite know better than even we do. But you know there's -- housing metrics, solid unemployment numbers lowest levels in July but there's still a slight pullback in customer sentiments since its peak and retail channels in the mall is down 9. So I mean, there's a lot of mixed news out there. We're, in my mind, or in my perspective, definitely outperforming those numbers. So we've always said that we think there's opportunity for us to do better regardless of the environment and to really focus on what our customer is telling us about whether there's something we're not offering them in product or pricing or service. And as I said in my earlier comments, that is our focus, is just continuing to improve what we're doing, make it better for our customers. I don't think it's necessary, the successes related to any environmental improvement. 
Operator: And our last question comes from Charles Grom with Gordon Haskett. 
Charles Grom: As we think about the second half and the improvement you guys saw at PB, you mentioned further acceleration in growth in your prepared remarks, I'm just wondering if that implies better-than-expected rate than you did in the second quarter which I believe was up 1.2%. And then my follow-up is you spoke about shorter delivery times, lower split shipments and reduced damages. Could you quantify that for us to some degree? So we have a sense of the opportunity that lies ahead. 
Julie Whalen: Yes, unfortunately, we don't disclose by brand comps for the future. Obviously, if you'd look at the high end of our range, it assumes that Pottery Barn continues on its trajectory and we have no reason to believe they can't and we have no reason to believe they can return to their historical growth levels. As far as quantifying any of the supply chain benefits, we also don't disclose that except to say if you look back, you've seen they've been significant and they're continuing on that path. Supply chain is one of the biggest expenses we have on our P&L and it's a huge opportunity for us to continue to fine-tune it and get a lot of savings out of it and that's where we're focused on. 
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I'll now turn the conference back over to Ms. Alber for any additional or closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: Yes. So I want to thank you all for joining us. And I'd also like to thank all of our associates, their passion and commitment to outstanding customer service and to driving our strategy is a key component of the success we are seeing and we really want to say thank you to them on this call. Talk to you all next time, and looking forward to continue to report on our business in the future. 
Operator: And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. 
 I would now like to turn the call over to Beth Potillo-Miller, Senior Vice President, Finance, to discuss non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking statements. Please go ahead. 
Beth Potillo-Miller: Thank you, Melissa. Good afternoon, everyone. This call should be considered in conjunction with the press release that we issued earlier today.
 Our discussion today will relate to results and guidance based on certain non-GAAP measures, including non-GAAP SG&A, operating margin, effective tax rate and diluted EPS, which exclude certain items affecting comparability. 
 During the first quarter of 2017, we incurred severance-related charges of approximately $6 million or $0.04 per diluted share. These charges were recorded as SG&A expense within the unallocated segment. Also during the quarter, we incurred tax expense of approximately $1 million or $0.02 per diluted share associated with the adoption of new accounting rules related to stock-based compensation. 
 A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and our explanation of why the non-GAAP financial measures may be useful are discussed in our press release.
 This call also contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, trends, guidance, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2017 and beyond, and are subject to risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company's current press release and SEC filings, including the most recent 10-K for more information on these risk and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call.
 I will now turn the conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer. 
Laura Alber: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us today. On the call with me are Julie Whalen, our Chief Financial Officer; and John Strain, our Chief Digital and Technology Officer.
 In the first quarter, we delivered total revenue growth of 1.2% and earnings per share of $0.51. In the quarter, we saw improvement in Pottery Barn, demonstrating the effectiveness of the brand strategies that we are executing against. Williams-Sonoma delivered another strong quarter with 3.2% comparable revenue growth, and we also delivered another quarter of double-digit revenue growth across West Elm; our newer businesses, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham; and our company-owned global operations. And while the negative revenue comps in Pottery Barn Kids and Teen were disappointing, we did see sequential demand comp improvement in both brands. 
 Strong execution against our strategic initiatives drove our Q1 results. We remain focused on delivering a superior customer experience and executing against our brand strategies, which we believe will drive growth acceleration and shareholder value.
 We are building upon our supply chain successes from last year and continue to invest in the customer experience. Our initiatives in the supply chain will significantly improve customer service and the delivery experience. With strategies and teams concentrating on key customer touch points, including order visibility, back order management, virtual home delivery and quality and damages, we continued to improve our customer metrics during the first quarter.
 Our customers are receiving their orders more quickly, and returns and replacements declined in the quarter, largely driven by supply chain efficiencies resulting from our initiatives. Key performance indicators like customer satisfaction, service metrics and Net Promoter Scores all improved significantly in the first quarter.
 We also continue to invest in e-commerce innovation. During Q1, we introduced the first in a suite of new digital products and site enhancements that will transform the way customers design and furnish their homes with a highly interactive digital experience. These improvements are supported by our talented store design professionals. And rolling out over the next year, these initiatives range from virtual reality applications to style finder tools on Facebook to tools on our website for 3D room design and product visualization.
 In Q1, we launched our augmented reality application, 3D Room View by Pottery Barn, which is available on the Tango platform. This app allows customers to add products to an existing room and see how new products look with their current furniture. Customers will also have access to 3D Room View through the expertise and assistance of in-store design specialists at select Pottery Barn stores, beginning with pilots in the San Francisco Bay Area, with plans to roll out across the country.
 We also have over 100,000 3D SKUs available on our website, and with tools like our 360-degree spin feature, which launched for all sofas in the Pottery Barn and Williams-Sonoma Home brands, our customers can better explore, research and buy our products with confidence and insight. These features increase conversion and help our customers with their purchase decisions.
 In Q1, we also stepped up our digital advertising spend. As a result, all brands experienced strong growth in key channels of paid search, display and social advertising, resulting in strong customer growth in those channels. We believe we will see payoff throughout the year as we ensure our brands are top of mind when customers are looking for inspiration and great products for their home.
 We see 2 clear trends in digital advertising platforms that play perfectly to our heritage, which, along with the success we have had to date, give us confidence in our investment strategy. First, there's a focus on platforms to better target customers based on advanced data analytics. For example, because of our deep customer pool with robust data and history, we are uniquely able to profile our customers and work with our digital partners to find look-alike audiences that may be new to our file at very cost-effective rates. In this way, our 50-plus years of honing our customer relationship management skills, along with our performance marketing disciplines, can now be combined with new targeting technologies to ensure our increased investment in digital advertising is efficient and sustainable.
 Second, we are capitalizing on the new storytelling and content-rich capabilities across many ad platforms as we believe they provide a powerful stage to richly showcase our brands online. Our catalog heritage provides us with the expertise to create inspirational imagery for our customers, resulting in beautiful creative assets such as video that we leverage to reach customers in new forums and ad units. We are often a leader in partnering with digital companies, and as their platforms and offerings continue to evolve, we will capitalize on these opportunities and inspire our customers as they decorate their homes.
 Registry continues to be a key strategy for us and a very successful customer acquisition tool. In Q1, we relaunched the Pottery Barn and Pottery Barn Kids registry platform. We've made enhancements to our registry programs, including The Store is Yours at Williams-Sonoma, a monthly event where couples can come to the store and work directly with our registry experts to build their ideal wedding registry.
 We've also made significant improvements to registry pages on our site to make the experience of registering easier and more efficient. And we've revamped our entire e-mail series to our registrants and are now serving them more personalized content, triggered messaging and tools to ensure that they have everything they really need.
 Another important component of our customer acquisition strategy is our cross-brand loyalty program, The Key, which allows us to reward customers for shopping across our portfolio of distinct brands. Still in its early implementation, enrollment numbers of The Key are strong with members shopping more often, spending more per transaction and purchasing from more brands across the portfolio as they enjoy the benefits and rewards.
 Later this quarter, we are launching another initiative enabled by The Key program, which we believe will be an industry game changer and leverages our brand offerings across the entire portfolio. With our new cross-brand design initiative, we'll offer in-home design services, which will allow our design teams to assist our customers in building their dream homes by leveraging all 7 of our brands in 1 easy interaction.
 We've discussed the importance of our retail stores in providing value-added services, being a source of inspiration and instilling brand loyalty. And we know that our stores are competitive advantage of our pure-play digital retailers, and we are maximizing this advantage. We want to reiterate our commitment to optimizing our fleet across all brands as we open, relocate stores in important markets, invest in store remodels and close the stores that are underperforming.
 During the first quarter, we opened 4 new stores. We repositioned 1. We converted 1 to a Williams-Sonoma Home store, and we permanently closed 3 stores.
 Specifically, in Pottery Barn, our store remodels and refreshes continue to outperform the brand slate. In the first quarter, we closed 1 store and relocated it to an outdoor center. We have remodeled stores scheduled to open in the second quarter, and we are very excited about our new flagship store in Manhattan, which is also scheduled to open in late Q2.
 In Williams-Sonoma, our new store design continues to perform well. In Q1, we opened 2 new stores in Alpharetta, Georgia and Fairfax, Virginia, both of which are off to a strong start. The stores are on our new format, contain Williams-Sonoma Home products and are in vibrant, outdoor lifestyle centers. We added Williams-Sonoma Home assortments to 5 additional existing locations for a total of 43. And we recently successfully converted a kitchen store in Calabasas, California to a stand-alone Williams-Sonoma Home store. During the quarter, we also permanently closed 3 stores upon lease expiration.
 In West Elm, we continue to build highly localized immersive retail environments in key target markets. In March, we opened a store in Plano, Texas in the new Legacy West development, and we have 9 new store openings throughout the remainder of the year to help support West Elm's growth.
 And in Rejuvenation, we opened our eighth store on West 20th Street, New York, which is performing well and has driven an increase of over 60% in total customer counts in the New York market.
 Now I'd like to discuss the performance of our brands and their progress on product innovation. In Pottery Barn, Q1 showed a meaningful improvement in trend with a brand revenue comp of negative 1.4%. Our new merchandise strategy is working. Specifically, we experienced strong demand in furniture driven by upholstery and our new introductions in bedroom and home office. We also saw strong demand for our small space solutions, which launched in February, particularly with our younger customers. We're seeing growth in our non-furniture businesses, including accessible categories that drive customer acquisition such as decorating and entertaining. Our opening price point strategy is attracting new customers, and our new fashion stories are checking. Our early indicators and product introductions, marketing and the retail experience lead us to believe that we will see further acceleration of growth in Q2 and the remainder of the year.
 In Pottery Barn Kids, comp brand revenues declined 5.7% in the quarter. Inventory outages across key categories impacted revenue as in-stock inventory was down almost 11% versus last year. We expect our inventory level to recover throughout Q2 and Q3.
 In Q1, our furniture business continued to grow with strength in the core bedroom business driven by new collections. Upholstered seating business also performed well with double-digit growth, and we further expanded our Healthy Home assortment, launching an industry-leading offering of GREENGUARD-certified nursery seating.
 We are seeing softer results in our textiles and accessory divisions, and while we do have initiatives to increase our aesthetic variety and improve our value proposition, we are also developing new avenues of growth. In Q1, we launched Baby Gear, featuring a curated assortment of best-in-class strollers, car seats and more, and we are pleased with the consumer response.
 We will continue to increase Pottery Barn Kids offerings in the second quarter, including our expanded back-to-school assortment with diverse collections of personalized gear, earth-friendly, waste-free lunch storage and new study solutions. We also have new aesthetics arriving in late summer and early fall, and we'll introduce a new Junk Gypsy collection for both kids and babies.
 PBteen posted a significant sales demand improvement from negative 10 to negative 3.7 in the quarter. We are encouraged by these metrics and customer response to our new product introductions. Based on PBteen's soft performance over the last year, we've been cautious in our inventory purchases, and while we are excited about the improved demand exceeding our conservative supply, it did result in a comparable revenue decline of 14.3% as inventory levels were down 13% from Q1 last year. We began to invest in our bestsellers when we saw the trend improve and expect to see material recovery in our in-stock position in Q2. This should allow us to realize stronger demand and better service our customers.
 In the first quarter, our furniture category showed improved trends, driven by bedroom and occasional seating. In Q1, we saw softer response to our textiles and accessories. However, we have a clear road map to improve these businesses and are seeing some initial strong reads in our new summer collection.
 Collaborations continue to drive growth, delivering next-level exclusivity of product and compelling digital content. We recently announced our partnership with ivivva, a division of lululemon, specializing in tween and teen active wear. This collection, which fuses ivivva prints with home decor, will launch in July and be available at PBteen as well as ivivva stores and online. Additionally, we have a robust lineup of new collaborations and licenses that will be announced in the months ahead.
 Also, we launched our expanded dorm offering in late Q1 with complete room solutions and inspiration for small space living, and we are off to a strong start. As we enter Q2, we will have significant product marketing and content expansion across both dorm and gear categories. We're also aggressively growing our back-to-school offering for tweens and teens with our largest ever collection of new ergonomic study setups, gear and accessories to complete every space.
 The Williams-Sonoma brand has started strong in 2017, posting a 3.2% comp brand revenue growth on top of 3.5% comp growth in Q1 of 2016. Williams-Sonoma remains focused on delivering high-quality merchandise at great value, transforming the customer experience off -- across all channels and acquiring new customers.
 We had very successful product launches and collaborations in Q1, and we've seen particular strength across our tabletop, electrics and cutlery businesses. Our Easter performance was a particular standout this quarter, driven by tabletop, entertaining and sweet food categories.
 This spring, we partnered with kate spade new york on an exclusive line of dinnerware, glassware and flatware to which our customers are responding well. Also, in the quarter, we launched exclusive products with some of our strategic vendors.
 Williams-Sonoma Home was also a significant driver of growth in the quarter across both channels. A highlight was the launch of the AERIN Collection, a collaboration with lifestyle expert, Aerin Lauder. The collection, which features dinnerware, entertaining and home pieces, is resonating with our customers. We believe that Williams-Sonoma's continued strong performance in Q1 indicates the strategies we have in place are working and that the brand is well positioned for further growth. 
 Now I'd like to discuss West Elm. West Elm delivered double-digit growth in Q1 of 10.4%, with comp brand revenues of 6%. The brand continued to experience strong consumer response to its new vision of modern design introduced in January. Furniture remains a key driver for West Elm led by new casual seating and dining introductions. Outdoor is also off to a strong start to the year with expanded choice in key collections.
 West Elm will also be launching 2 new collections during the second quarter, building upon its innovative approach to design collaborations. The first, Art for Good, is a 17-piece collaboration with the foundation of American artist Robert Rauschenberg. 10% of the sales price will go to foundation grants for art, education and social and environmental reform. The second, a collaboration with Brooklyn-based design studio Bower features pieces in seating, lighting and decorative object categories. 
 West Elm continues to gain traction in the commercial furniture market with West Elm Workspace. During the quarter, we opened dealer showrooms in several major markets, including San Francisco, Washington, D.C. and Minneapolis. This June, the brand will participate in its third NeoCon in Chicago since launching this business in 2015. West Elm Workspace will introduce several new exciting collections in benching, seating and lounge, including 2 design collaborations. We remain very optimistic about West Elm's potential to be a leader in the office furniture industry.
 Now I'd like to discuss our newer brands, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham and our global business. Rejuvenation delivered its 12th consecutive quarter of double-digit growth in both e-commerce and retail channels. We celebrated our 40th anniversary at the start of the year by focusing on our manufacturing roots in Portland as well as our commitment to domestically produce products with the launch of our modern heritage collection and O&G Studio collaborations in February.
 Our expansion into new aesthetics and product categories is driving increased spend with our existing customers and accelerating the acquisition of new customers. We're especially excited about our new store in New York that opened at the end of March. The store is performing above expectations. It's a great expression of Rejuvenation's new brand identity and breadth and allows us to connect directly with both customer and trade clients in this key market.
 Mark and Graham continued its profitable double-digit growth in the first quarter, driven by its focused gift giving strategy and new product introductions. New categories such as luggage, tech and travel accessories were successful in driving Q1 sales. In Q2, Mark and Graham will be launching a new creative look and feel that emphasizes our lifestyle merchandising and adding new categories and cross-brand collaborations to broaden our gifting assortment. We're excited about Mark and Graham's continued evolution as a premium gifting destination with high growth potential for the remainder of the year and beyond.
 In the first quarter, our global businesses delivered strong performance with double-digit revenue growth in our company-owned businesses in Australia and the U.K. Additionally, our key growth and operational improvement strategies have resulted in improved profitability in these businesses. And as we further improve our operations to support our existing businesses and partnerships, we are exploring opportunities for franchise expansion into new markets and to build our e-commerce business around the globe, both company owned and with our franchise partners.
 Our global partners continued their expansion with the opening of 7 new locations in the quarter. Alshaya opened 3 new stores in Qatar, bringing our total store count in the Middle East to 33. In addition, John Lewis added 4 West Elm shop in shops within its department stores in the U.K. for a total of 13. We ended the first quarter with 82 franchise and wholesale points of sale and are excited about the opportunities to further build our businesses in the Middle East, Mexico and Europe.
 We look forward to expanding into a new franchise market launching our brands in South Korea this June. South Korea is a dynamic and visible retail market for our brands and will support our growth to a projected 145-plus global non-U.S. store -- stores by the end of the year.
 In summary, the first quarter reflects strong progress in our strategic initiatives of operational excellence, digital leadership, design innovation and retail optimization, all centered upon our key strategic focus of delivering a superior customer experience. We believe that our iconic brands and profitable multi-channel model, together with our inspiring lifestyle merchandising approach and high-touch service model, create a sustainable competitive advantage in this highly fragmented home furnishings market. 
 As we continue to execute against our key strategic initiatives, we believe we are well positioned to deliver on both our near-term objectives and our longer-term goal of reaching $10 billion in revenue.
 I will now pass the call over to Julie to discuss our financial results and guidance. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon, everyone. We are pleased we were able to deliver on all of our first quarter financial commitments and exceed the high end of our EPS guidance range while also investing in our long-term initiatives. Our first quarter results demonstrate our ability to execute against our growth and operational initiatives while, at the same time, maintain strong financial discipline.
 For the first quarter, net revenues increased 1.2% to $1,112,000,000 with comparable brand revenues increasing 0.1% on top of 4.5% last year. These results were primarily driven by double-digit growth across West Elm, our newer businesses and our company-owned international operations as well as strong year-over-year growth in Williams-Sonoma. This growth was partially offset by the Pottery Barn brands.
 In the Pottery Barn brand, however, we were pleased to see 270 basis points of sequential improvement in comp brand revenue from Q4, highlighting the effectiveness of the initiatives we are working on in that brand. In Pottery Barn Kids and PBteen, although their net revenue comps declined due to inventory outages across several key categories, they both saw sequential improvement in their demand comps.
 In our e-commerce channel, net revenues grew 0.7% to $581 million and represented 52.2% of total company net revenues for the quarter, relatively in line with last year's channel mix. This growth was driven by West Elm, Williams-Sonoma, our newer businesses and our company-owned international operations, all of which generated double-digit e-commerce growth. This growth was partially offset by the Pottery Barn brands.
 Our retail channels net revenues increased 1.8% to $531 million in the first quarter, primarily driven by West Elm and Pottery Barn. The improvement we saw across the Pottery Barn brand reflects the success we are seeing across our various retail initiatives, including increased density of decorative accessories and cash and carry items, a favorable customer response to our decorating and entertaining items, our in-home design services, and our store remodels and refreshes.
 Gross margin for the first quarter was 35.6% versus 35.8% last year and includes occupancy costs of $167 million in the first quarter of 2017 compared to $162 million in the first quarter 2016. The gross margin deleverage was due to occupancy, which deleveraged 30 basis points. This deleverage primarily resulted from increased occupancy cost to support our growth and operational initiatives and includes the year-over-year expenses associated with our new Southeast distribution center that was not fully operational until the second quarter of 2016.
 We continue to see benefits from these operational investments, including improvement across our customer service and shipping-related metrics as well as various efficiencies throughout our supply chain. As a result, excluding this occupancy deleverage, selling margins actually improved 10 basis points versus last year and represent the highest selling margin rate we have seen in 2 years.
 SG&A for the first quarter was 29.5% of net revenues in 2017 versus 28.8% in 2016. The 70 basis point deleverage was primarily driven by higher digital advertising costs from our decision to invest in new customer acquisition and was partially offset by strong financial discipline across our general expenses.
 Operating margin for the first quarter was 6.1% versus 7% in the first quarter of 2016. By channel, the operating margin in the e-commerce channel was 22.7% versus 22.8% in 2016. The 10 basis point decline in operating margin was driven by our investments in digital advertising and reduced shipping income, which was almost entirely offset by continued supply chain and fulfillment-related efficiencies. The operating margin in the retail channel was 4.1% versus 5.8% in 2016. The decline in operating margin predominantly resulted from higher occupancy and employment costs primarily associated with our growth initiatives, which include additional West Elm stores and our new Southeast distribution center. And corporate unallocated expenses, as a percentage of net revenues, were 7.7% in the first quarter, flat to 2016.
 The effective income tax rate in the first quarter was 34.5% versus 37.7% in 2016. The year-over-year tax rate improvement was driven by the incremental benefits we are seeing from improved profitability across our international operations, which are taxed at a lower tax rate. As a result, first quarter 2017 diluted earnings per share were $0.51.
 On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with a cash balance of $94 million versus $99 million last year. We had $45 million outstanding under our revolving credit facility versus $100 million last year, and in the first quarter, we returned $72 million to stockholders through share repurchases and dividends, comprising $38 million in share repurchases and $34 million in dividends.
 Merchandise inventories at $1,037,000,000 were up 9.8% versus Q1 2016. A substantial portion of this inventory growth, however, is associated with inventory that is still in transit to our distribution centers. Our on-hand and available-for-sale inventory grew 3.5%, driven by our higher growth brands. The Pottery Barn brand on-hand and available-for-sale inventory decreased 0.4%. For the full year, we expect our inventory levels to be relatively in line with our sales growth.
 I would now like to discuss our second quarter and fiscal year 2017 guidance. For the second quarter of 2017, we expect to grow net revenues 3% to 6% to a range of $1,195,000,000 to $1,230,000,000 with comp brand revenue growth in the range of 2% to 5%. We expect our second quarter operating margin to be below last year, and we expect diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $0.55 to $0.61.
 For the full year, we are reiterating all of our guidance ranges. We expect to grow net revenues 2% to 4% to a range of $5,165,000,000 to $5,265,000,000 with comparable brand revenue growth in the range of 1% to 3%. We expect operating margin to be 9.4% to 9.6%, and our diluted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $3.45 to $3.65. All other financial guidance within the press release remains unchanged from the previous guidance.
 As a reminder, this guidance reflects the investments we are making across our business to strengthen our competitive advantages and to position us for long-term market share gains. We are investing in e-commerce to support its continued profitable growth, including further investments in digital advertising to drive new customer acquisition as well as capture and convert awareness into purchase.
 We are also investing in reduced shipping fees with a tiered, flat rate in-home furniture delivery fee model across all of the Pottery Barn brands. We believe this model will allow us to remain competitive with emerging industry standards and will move the needle on undecided customers during comparison shopping, improving top line performance.
 From a capital allocation perspective, we remain committed to a balanced capital allocation strategy. We plan to utilize our operating cash flow to invest in the business in support of our ongoing initiatives to improve the customer experience and drive further operational efficiencies. Capital expenditures are expected to remain within the range of $200 million to $220 million, and we intend to return capital to our shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends. At the end of the first quarter, we had approximately $372 million remaining under our current share repurchase authorization, which we intend to utilize over the next 2 years.
 In summary, we were pleased that we were not only able to deliver on our first quarter financial commitments but that we were also able to make substantial progress on our strategic and operational initiatives.
 In the Pottery Barn brand, we saw significant sequential improvement, highlighting the effectiveness of our initiatives. West Elm, our newer businesses, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham, along with our company-owned global operations, all delivered another quarter of double-digit growth. Williams-Sonoma generated another quarter of solid growth, including double-digit e-commerce growth.
 Our continued focus on our supply chain initiatives generates another quarter of efficiencies, which resulted in higher year-over-year selling margins. And in our global business, we saw improved profitability, which also drove a lower tax rate. All this allowed us to outperform our earnings expectations while absorbing investments in our future growth. These results, along with our longer-term competitive advantages, a multi-brand portfolio with an edited assortment, a profitable multi-channel model, our high-quality proprietary products and a strong cash flow generation along with the ongoing success of our growth and operational initiatives, give us confidence in our ability to deliver long-term profitable growth.
 I would now like to open up the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Christopher Horvers with JPMorgan. 
Christopher Horvers: So want to think about the advertising effort and the new merchandising introductions that you've done, particularly in the core Pottery Barn brand and understand where we are in that effort. So for advertising, do you expect the response to advertising to build momentum from here based on when you started it? And maybe, John, could you share some metrics around new customer acquisition as that's been such a big focus? And then on the merchandising side, how far are we into resetting the PB brand based on the customer research effort you did last year? I know you did a lot around giftables and decorative. But how far are we into getting to touch the rest of the assortment? 
Laura Alber: I'm going to let John start on marketing. 
John Strain: Great. Thanks, Chris. We've seen positive improvements in our visits and revenue derived from digital marketing, really, as a result of our Q1 investments. Overall, we're seeing our penetration of demand derived from marketing programs increase both sequentially and year-over-year. We're going to continue to optimize catalog expenses and shift that spend into our highly productive digital channels. I mean, in particular, we're seeing strength in our non-brand search terms, affiliates, remarketing and social programs. And at the same time, on the e-mail front, we're really excited about some of the continued positive results from our triggered e-mail programs and initiatives around new e-mail personalization models. So at this point, we're seeing nearly 40% of our e-mails driven from sales -- e-mail-driven sales coming from trigger programs despite representing less than 10% of our total e-mails sent. And I think these results reinforce the point. Relevance matters, hence our obsession with continuing to expand our personalization capabilities, so we remain relevant and targeted in terms of our messaging to our customers. 
Laura Alber: And just to take the question in the broader sense. Last year, early in the year, we realized that we needed to listen more carefully to our customers in what they're looking for. And as I think I mentioned in the last call, we did extensive customer research on what the customers were saying. And as a result of our brand work, we put together a quarter-by-quarter very aggressive execution plan covering both product innovation, digital operations, store remerchandising, value, and we've been executing against that successfully. I'd say that some of the really -- the strong good reads include small spaces, although it wasn't a big buy, as we received really good response and gives us confidence that it will be a meaningful contributor to the future. So that's one that we haven't even begun to maximize. Store merchandise, we've changed the merchandise strategies in our stores, restoring our tabletop and decorative accessories categories that people come to us for and that drives actually new customer acquisition. And the spring decorating and entertaining was a success. We saw substantial increase in our tabletop business and our decorating businesses and entertaining for Easter. And then, as John said, we continue to improve the online experience. We've always had a ton of content, and we have a chance to leverage that even more than we are online. So while we're pleased that our initiatives are checking, we're not by any means satisfied with the comp performance, and we will continue to drive hard with our team to improve it and to build upon what's working and then, of course, when it's not working, to pull back. 
Operator: We'll take our next question. We'll go to David Magee with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. 
David Magee: Just a question on the supply chain. You guys have done a great job squeezing efficiencies out of that and keeping your prices sharp. How much more do you have to do there over the next, say, 18 months? 
Laura Alber: Thanks for the question. Again, we've made a lot of progress with improvement across our customer metrics as well as lowering costs, but we see a ton more opportunity. We've been relentlessly focused on it, and we believe that service, reliability, quality and speed are keys to our long-term advantage. And as a result of the investments we've been making, our back orders are down. Our on-time shipping is up. Out-of-market shipping is down, which drives cost down, too. We've also regionalized our inventory, which is complicated to do, but because of that, we're seeing fewer out-of-market shipments, reducing our freight expense, decreasing our in-transit. I mean, the big opportunity for the future is further inventory optimization so that we're both in better stock and then have lower out of stock -- lower overstocks. And that, I think, will continue -- you'll continue to see improvements there on both sides. And at the same time, we can better communicate to our customer about where their order is through the delivery cycle. So yes, we've done well. Again, we have a lot more to do, and we are building a much more responsive, agile supply chain. And we are investing in the processes and technology to achieve the absolute best service at the lowest cost. 
Operator: We'll next go to Matt Fassler with Goldman Sachs. 
Matthew Fassler: My primary question relates to an e-commerce line item on Pottery Barn in particular. So Pottery Barn accelerated or improved from where we were in Q4. I don't think you isolated the different brands in terms of e-com performance in Q4, but it seems like its e-commerce business was a notable laggard relative to the rest here in Q1. So how should we think about what's going on in the core furniture business online? Is this a competitive factor as the business recovers? And it sounds like PB has continued to gain momentum. Would you expect its performance in the e-commerce channel to recover as well? 
Julie Whalen: Matt, this is Julie. I'll take that. So a couple things to answer that question. First, yes, we had lower e-commerce growth at 0.7%. But we still held our mix relative to last year at 52.2%, and we still held our profitability at 22.7%. The key takeaway is that all businesses, so West Elm, Williams-Sonoma, our newer businesses, our company-owned international operations, everybody had double-digit e-commerce growth, except for the Pottery Barn brands, which obviously, we've been working on and we saw the sequential improvement from Q4 to Q1 of 270 basis points. If you look at it on a 2-year basis, sequentially from Q4 to Q1, Q4 e-commerce growth was 5.1 and Q1 was 8.9, so we did see 380 basis points of improvement truly. And so with that said, obviously, the Pottery Barn brands at negative 1.4% total growth, given their size, impacts the total company e-commerce growth. So certainly, that is a big factor that we're continuing to work on. We certainly don't believe this is where e-commerce growth will stay, and as we continue to see Pottery Barn improve, you'll see this number change dramatically. 
Operator: We'll next go to Michael Lasser with UBS. 
Michael Lasser: I want to talk about the guidance a little bit. For the second quarter, you're expecting an acceleration across your comparable brand revenue growth. The comparisons do ease a little bit in the second quarter. So are you expecting the acceleration to occur across all the different concepts? And as part of that, I think you are still implying a 1% to 3% type growth rate for the back half of the year. Is there any reason why it should slow after an acceleration in the second quarter? 
Julie Whalen: So our guidance reflects, obviously, our best estimates as the possible range of outcomes. Yes, at the high end, it assumes approximately on -- from a revenue growth perspective, about 500 basis points of sequential improvement. And obviously, given the sequential improvement that we saw on the Pottery Barn brand and the continuous double-digit growth in our growth initiatives, it gives us confidence in our ability to drive that improved growth, but, of course, it depends on the overall environment and the things that are out of our control. We are also aware that retailers are being aggressive with their liquidations and promotional stance. We believe the range of possible outcomes we have provided are appropriate at this time. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Kate McShane with Citi. 
Kate McShane: My question is centered around West Elm. I think you had noted on the last quarter comp that there was some distraction in November that, that was cited for the slowdown in the comp last quarter. Why didn't we see more of an uptick in that business in Q1? And what can we expect for the rest of the year? 
Julie Whalen: So I mean, let's first pause and say that we still believe that West Elm will grow to be our largest brand over time. This brand has experienced, as you know, double-digit comp growth for 7 years straight, and they've reached now over $1 billion. So you can't expect that this brand will grow double digits in perpetuity. But with that said, this brand still had a really strong comp of 6 on top of a 19 last year, and they continued to experienced double-digit revenue growth. They also had stronger demand comps than net. So had we had the necessary inventory on hand to fulfill this demand, their net comp would have shown an acceleration from the fourth quarter. So at the end of the day, we continue to be very pleased with the growth in this brand, and there still remains an incredible runway for growth. And I wouldn't really read anything more into it. 
Operator: We'll next go Dan Binder with Jefferies. 
Daniel Binder: It's Dan Binder. I just wanted to go back to your comment about the reduced flat shipping fee for the Pottery Barn business. Can you just give us a little bit color on how that's changed, what it was before? And I think it's $99 now based on what I saw on your website. But just curious, is this a path to potentially even lower shipping fees if it does stimulate sales? I'm not sure if you've ever broken it out. But if you would eliminate shipping fees entirely, what would that do to margins? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. We have not broken that out. Our goal is to be ideally break-even from a shipping fee perspective, and we want to make sure that we're giving value back to the customer. So at the end of the day, we're testing different models, and the initial response to this model is very strong. And so we're going to continue with that. But obviously, I think the way to look at it is we started this with the Pottery Barn brand back basically in Q3, we rolled it out to the other Pottery Barn brands at the beginning of this year, but if you look back, our selling margins and our operating margin in the DTC channel have remained very strong. In fact, we still have a selling margin that's the highest it's been in 2 years. So the impact of it, we're obviously getting the benefit from the top to end. 
Operator: We'll next go to Greg Melich with Evercore ISI. 
Gregory Melich: I wanted to follow up more specifically on 2 things. One, Pottery Barn, what are the areas, if we look of the sales, where they're not coming through, are there some things? Like a few quarters ago, you mentioned opening price point items and trying to broaden that out. You mentioned top of table. So I'd just like to maybe add a little bit as to what you really think you're missing there to get that back on the path that we're used to seeing. 
Laura Alber: Yes. I think it's always innovation, and customer recognizes value and design innovation. There's been a lot of people, obviously, who've seen our success and copied it. And the great news is that the team has put together, in a very quick time, a very compelling assortment that attracts a wider range of customers. So you can look online or in a catalog or in the stores, and you're going to see some new looks for Pottery Barn that are -- they are proving to attract the new customers, whether it's because of size or aesthetic or more urban. And it's all under the same Pottery Barn aesthetic and value proposition. So I think when brands get [ 2, 1 no ] or they become too expensive, they shorten their ability to grow. And it's clear to us that Pottery Barn, as a brand that is loved by our customers, is great when it's inspiring and friendly and decorative. And that is what you're seeing from us now and you're going to see even more improvements through fall and holiday. We're very excited about what's to come. 
Operator: We'll next go to Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. 
Simeon Gutman: Julie, a follow-up on the second quarter guidance and then in relation maybe to longer term. So the top line guidance, pretty solid, 2% to 5%, and I think at the high end, that translates to modest year-over-year EPS growth. Within it, I'm getting to flattish operating profit growth even on the high single-digit comp. So if that math is fair, what is it understating vis--vis the flow-through of the business? Because I would have expected it to look a little bit better. And just as a tie in, if you could touch on the digital advertising, if that's one of the causes of the holdback, what's the duration? And then the shipping investments, how long should that persist? 
Julie Whalen: So basically, you kind of answered your own question. Those are the 2 reasons for why you're not seeing it necessarily flow through as you would typically. We said, even on our last call, that we are going to be making this year investments in digital advertising and reduce shipping income. We're in this to be #1. And so we need to be able to make these investments in our future growth, and so you're seeing a more significant step-up with the advertising investments in the second quarter. 
Operator: We'll next go to Peter Benedict with Robert Baird. 
Peter Benedict: So kind of a clarification and then a question, kind of follow-up on the last one. Just a clarification, in the first quarter, it looked like the stock-based compensation was down significantly, like 38% year-over-year. I'm just curious what drove that. I'm not sure if you mentioned that during the SG&A comments. And then the question really kind of dovetails off the last question, which, as we look to the second half of the year, the guidance certainly implies improved EBIT margins year-over-year. Is that just the effectiveness of the digital advertising starting to flow through? Or are there other factors we should think about with respect to driving margin -- operating margin expansion in the second half of the year? 
Julie Whalen: So the stock-based compensation every Q1 basically, we have a significant true-up to our stock base depending on who's here, who isn't here. So I wouldn't read anything more into that; it's a normal Q1 exercise. As far as EBIT improvement throughout the rest of the year, obviously, as we make the assumption that we're going to have higher growth rate on the top line, that flows through to the EBIT. 
Operator: We'll next go to Steven Forbes with Guggenheim Securities. 
Steven Forbes: Maybe just regarding the in-home design services you mentioned within the prepared remarks. Can you expand on what the anticipated rollout of that program is, whether it be you're testing it on a regional basis, where it's going to be a national offering? And then how do you think about the maturation of it as far as driving new customer acquisitions or targeting your key members? Maybe just touch on how you're thinking about the maturation of the program. 
Laura Alber: Yes, a great question. Highly competitive, though, so I need to caution the -- myself against sharing too much here. So it's -- what we see is the opportunity to use our brands together to better serve our customers, and while they're very independent and have different aesthetics and value propositions, we know that we all shop and the good customers shop across them. And so we're seeing great response from The Key, and we can use our Key rewards not just in the form of dollars but in the form of services to help our customers furnish their homes because we know that different than apparel, different from other categories, furnishing your home is a more complicated decision, and we have studied and seen that customers go to store, they go online, they go back to the store. And so design services, both online and in-store, across multiple brands with different aesthetics is a very powerful, competitive advantage because while there are others who are doing only online or others who are doing it only in stores, we're one of the few that can do it in both places in synergy across these multiple areas and into the kitchen and into the hardware that Rejuvenation sells. So that is a very exciting initiative that we're going to be rolling in Q2. We're in training now and you'll start to see it throughout our fleet at the end of Q2 and throughout the balance of the year. 
Operator: We'll next go to Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer. 
Brian Nagel: So maybe a bigger picture question. But if you look at the sales results here and, clearly, there was some nice acceleration in a couple of core brands. You've talked in the past about the overall environment. So how would you frame the environment here or for your company in Q1? I mean a number of other retailers have discussed a choppy sales environment over the past few months or so. Some of these factors like weather and delayed tax refunds may not have had as big impact. But -- so how would you frame the overall environment, how that may or may not have helped that -- some of that sequential improvement? 
Laura Alber: Great. There's more competition coming in, particularly at the low end, and there's still the big-box retailers who have been offering furniture for a lot of years. And we've just learned that Amazon is going to come into the furniture business. We believe that actually Amazon will take more market share from the mass retailers than anyone else, and we will continue to carve out our specialty niche with our edited inspirational assortment and decorating ideas for our customers. We know that our stores are a competitive advantage because they're experiential, and they're the fullest expression of our brands. And as I just said earlier, we offer our shoppers an integrated experience across channels, and our retail stores help drive e-commerce sales. Retail traffic's down 9. We all read those numbers. Our traffic is down a lot less. And we believe there's a huge interaction between our online and our stores obviously, and we're going to continue to maximize the opportunity. So I'd say that, yes, it's definitely competitive. We don't see the promotional environment going away, and as Julie said, we see a lot of people liquidating a lot of inventory. And we believe that we are going to outperform because of our sustainable, profitable model. There's ways to grow, and there's ways to grow profitably. And there are a lot of people growing, but I guess the question is this growth sustainable. I can tell you ours is. We're disciplined. We prioritize our initiatives, and our strong cash flow generation gives us the flexibility to invest in our future. 
Operator: We have time for one last question from Charles Grom with Gordon Haskett. 
Charles Grom: Just when we think about the Q2 view of up 2% to 5%, is that a function of the compare getting easier? Or was there inflection in the first quarter business as you guys progressed through the quarter? And then could you also talk about your customer base today and how much of your sales are from new customers versus existing customers by banner? 
Julie Whalen: So as far as the guidance, the biggest differential is the continued improvement in Pottery Barn is what our expectations are. So we saw the sequential improvement from Q4 of 270 basis points, and we believe that Pottery Barn will continue that momentum as they move throughout the year. So that is the biggest driver of the guidance. 
John Strain: And as far as those new customers, where we're at, we track that customer file very closely. New to corp, new to brand are 2 of our key metrics in terms of being able to grow the brands and really be healthy over the long term. And we're happy to report we saw very solid growth in our digital new-to-corp customers in Q1, and digital market remains our #1 source of new customer acquisition across all the brands. Williams-Sonoma continued to be a large -- our large contributor in terms of new-to-corp customers, sourced from both digital and stores, which we read as a really strong sign for the health of our WS brand. 
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I'll now turn the conference back over to Ms. Alber for any additional or closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: Well, thank you all for joining us. Have a great summer. We look forward to talking to you at the end of Q2. 
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude our conference call for today. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-03-15 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. 
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Beth Potillo-Miller, Senior Vice President, Finance and Corporate Treasurer, to discuss non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking statements. Please go ahead. 
Beth Potillo-Miller: Thank you, Ashley. Good afternoon. This call should be considered in conjunction with the press releases that we issued earlier today. Our discussion today will relate to results based on certain non-GAAP measures, including non-GAAP SG&A, operating margin, effective tax rate and diluted EPS, all of which exclude the impacts of the following unusual business events. 
 During the first and third quarters of 2016, we incurred reorganization charges related to the reduction of headcount primarily in our corporate function, totaling approximately $13 million or $0.09 per diluted share and $1 million or $0.01 per diluted share, respectively. These charges were recorded as SG&A expense within the unallocated segment. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2016, we realized the benefit of approximately $0.08 per diluted share from a onetime favorable tax adjustment, which is recorded in income taxes. 
 A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and our explanation of why the non-GAAP financial measures may be useful are discussed in our press release.
 This call also contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, trends, guidance, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2017 and beyond, and are subject to risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company's current press releases and SEC filings, including the most recent 10-K and 10-Q for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call.
 I will now turn the conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer. 
Laura Alber: Good afternoon, and thank you all for joining us today. Before we get started, I wanted to talk about the important leadership change that we announced earlier. Sandra Stangl, President of the Pottery Barn brands has decided to resign. Sandra has been with the company for 23 years, and over that time, she has been incredibly dedicated and provided strong leadership of the Pottery Barn brands. I want to thank Sandra for all of her contributions and wish her the very best. 
 In light of her resignation, we are making the following organizational changes: Marta Benson, currently Executive Vice President, has become President of the Pottery Barn brands. Marta joined Williams-Sonoma in 2011 and successfully led the acquisition and growth strategies for both Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham. Prior to joining Williams-Sonoma, Inc., Marta has served as CEO of Gumps. 
 Jennifer Keller, Executive -- currently Executive Vice President, has become President of the Pottery Barn Kids and Pottery Barn Teens brands. Jennifer has been with the Pottery Barn brands for 20 years and has proven her ability to grow business and build strong teams.
 Jeff Howie, currently Executive Vice President of Pottery Barn brands, Inventory Management and Brand Finance, has become Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer of the Pottery Barn brands. Jeff has been with the company for 15 years, serving across several brands, most recently at Williams-Sonoma. Jeff will be instrumental in helping us drive operational excellence and deliver great customer service. 
 Please join me in thanking Sandra and congratulating our executives on their expanded roles.
 Now I'd like to discuss our 2016 results and plans for 2017. On the call with me are Julie Whalen, our Chief Financial Officer; and John Strain, our Chief Digital and Technology Officer. 
 In 2016, with net revenues at over $5 billion, we generated revenue growth of 2.2%, including another year of double-digit growth across West Elm; our newer businesses, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham; and our company-owned global operations. We also delivered record earnings per share of $3.43, which is at the higher end of our guidance and reflects the strong operational performance we drove across the supply chain all year. 
 In the fourth quarter, from an operational perspective, we executed one of our best holiday seasons and delivered an improved customer experience, which is at the center of everything we do. As we said on our last call, we expected customers to shop later in the season, which they did, and we were well prepared to meet their needs. At the beginning of the year, we said that in 2016, in addition to our growth strategies, we'd focus on driving improvements across the organization. Our strategies included: reasserting our product leadership with innovative products at the best value; revolutionizing our inventory through supply chain and inventory improvements; transforming our marketing with strategies and leadership that increase new customer acquisition; and changing our approach to real estate by enhancing the retail experience. During the year, we successfully executed against all these long-term strategies. 
 First, in product leadership, our multi-brand, multi-esthetic strategy allows our customers to create a home that is a reflection of their personal style with a wide range of choices presented in an organized and intuitive way, and our direct sourcing advantage with over 1,000 associates around the world overseeing the manufacturing of our products allows us to ensure a consistently high level of quality at a great value.
 In 2016, our product initiatives were focused on offering more differentiated products with a superior price/quality relationship, design esthetic and functionality. In Pottery Barn, the results of the extensive brand diagnostic work we conducted in 2016 provided the foundation of the brand repositioning and a clear road map forward. We have begun to execute on this plan, and we are already beginning to see positive consumer response to our new offerings, including sales increases in such categories as decorating and in value price points, these areas which -- that are key to long-term growth as they drive new customer acquisition. 
 In PB Kids, we launched our Healthy Home strategy with expanded GREENGUARD-certified furniture and organic bedding options, and we were the first children's home furnishings company to launch Fair Trade products. In our Fair Trade category, customers are responding to our high quality and new elevated finishes, which are key points of differentiation to the market. 
 In our Gear business, we innovated print, pattern and personalization, offering a broader assortment spanning the ages of childhood. 
 In PBteen, we had success at our expanded dorm offering, driven by quality textiles and easy decorating and storage solutions. In furniture, our customers are responding to our new more complex furniture finishes and furniture with great teen functions, such as storage lofts and platform beds. And collaborations will continue to be an important strategy to offer differentiated products and broaden the reach of the brands. 
 In Williams-Sonoma, we continued the expansion of our Williams-Sonoma-branded products. Introductions included our exclusive ceramic cookware, professional copper cookware, high-quality glassware and electrics. 
 In our Open Kitchen line, which appeals to a broader demographic, we've also increased our offerings with affordable electrics and bake ware, and we increased the number of new exclusive products from our strategic vendor partners throughout the year. 
 In West Elm, we continued to expand and evolve in our furniture business, introducing a new vision of modern design and increasing our outdoor offerings. We've also successfully introduced partnerships with Casper and Sonos, both of which enhance our position as an experiential retailer. 
 In our approach to supply chain and inventory improvement, we've been focused on service as a key differentiator in our strategy, and the investments we've made all year long in supply chain paid off in the fourth quarter. Our DC teams' processed reengineering drove significant productivity in customer service improvements, resulting in faster order fulfillment and a sizable year-over-year decrease in service calls and escalations. We continue to make progress in our home delivery services, as better positioning of inventory and a focus on multi-unit shipments resulted in an improved customer experience and a measurable improvement in pieces for delivery. Our new Southeast distribution center in Georgia is now running at capacity, shipping approximately 80% of our Southeastern volume. Average delivery times to customers in this region have improved by 3 to 5 days, and we have realized freight savings. Our focus on inventory and SKU reductions also drove efficiencies throughout the supply chain.
 In our marketing, we are focused on driving an improved customer experience and further e-commerce growth. As you know, we've always had a high percentage of e-commerce sales due to our catalog heritage. This year, we reached almost 52%, and the e-commerce channel continued to be the highest growth area for us. 
 Our digital marketing investments in 2016 included a focus on improving the online shopping experience, particularly in mobile, and increasing online advertising spend across all of our brands. We understand the increasing role that mobile plays in consumer shopping behavior, and our investments focused on creating a more friction-free experience have resulted in stronger conversion metrics.
 On the advertising front, we have increased top-of-funnel programs designed to reach new audience and drive brand awareness. With a rich history of inspiring imagery and editorial in catalogs, we are capitalizing on the enhancements across the industry and digital storytelling. We are reaching our customers in new ways, including video, how-to articles and with other inspiring content vehicles. While we increased our top-of-funnel efforts, we still believe one of our key competitive advantages is our help file. We continue to find ways to identify and target custom audiences that are most responsive to the various campaigns our brands send. These efforts allow us to better deliver more relevant messaging across all of our communication channels, including e-mail, mobile, social platforms, direct mail and on our site.
 Also, as we mentioned on our last call during the fourth quarter, we issued our first cross-brand loyalty program, The Key, leveraging our competitive advantage to a strong diverse brand portfolio. The Key is designed to showcase our brands and reward our customers for shopping. The Key initiative is driving new-to-brand customer acquisition at a very effective cost profile. In Q4 alone, we saw that customers who joined The Key shop more of our brands and shop more often with a higher average spend. Over the next 24 months, we will continue to expand upon The Key program with improved technology and differentiated experiences and services.
 The other area of focus is our approach to retail. Throughout 2016, we've been taking aggressive approach in our retail and real estate strategies to improve the experience in our stores. We have selectively invested in remodels and refreshes to make our stores more of a destination. We've identified stores that we may close upon natural lease expiration or potentially reposition to a more desirable location.
 In Pottery Barn, in 2016, our new store model was tested and proven in multiple locations, and we plan to selectively remodel stores in other key locations. 
 In Williams-Sonoma, we opened, relocated or remodeled 11 stores in 2016, and our newly designed stores has outperformed the fleet and are meeting our high benchmark for profitability. We've also improved store performance by adding Williams-Sonoma Home to select locations, and we ended the year with 36 installations. Home has demonstrated a positive impact on e-commerce growth in those markets. 
 And in West Elm, during 2016, we successfully opened 13 new locations around the country. In each location, our local shopkeepers are empowered to tailor their assortments to their customers' preferences and to build relationships with bulk [ph] homemakers and designers to present a highly localized retail experience of unique products.
 Now I'd like to discuss the key fourth quarter highlights within our brand portfolio, beginning with the Pottery Barn brands. Across the Pottery Barn brands, comparable brand revenue has declined 4.6%, including Pottery Barn at a negative 4.1%, Pottery Barn Kids at a negative 4.9% and Pottery Barn Teen at a negative 8.1%. 
 In Pottery Barn, although we are not satisfied with the comps, we did see a sequential improvement from the prior quarter in several key categories. There was a good response to our holiday decorating and gifting strategies with high sell-throughs on our grab-and-go gift assortment. 
 In Pottery Barn Kids, customers responded positively to our new product introductions in nursery, playroom furniture and upholstery. Strong performance in these categories, however, was offset by softness in textiles and decorative accessories in Pottery Barn Kids. 
 Pottery Barn Teen had a difficult quarter. Although we had some runaway hits on occasional seating, collaborations and seasonal textiles, we did not have enough inventory in these items to meet customer demand, and therefore, were not able to offset the softness that we experienced in the other categories.
 When business began to soften earlier last year, we knew we had to approach growth differently, and we initiated an intensive brand diagnostic that included extensive customer feedback on our value equations. This work highlighted clear opportunities for the brands, and we have developed a quarter-by-quarter road map of initiatives to implement across all areas of the business. Because we began some of this work in early 2016, we are already able to assess initial results and appropriately build upon them. We're seeing some positive trends, particularly in decorative accessories, and we are chasing some strong furniture introduction. 
 Our spring marketing reflects our brand work to bring inspiration home with more casual assortments, lifestyle photography and storytelling. We're also investing in digital advertising to drive new customer acquisition and brand reconsideration. We believe a focus on improving our value equation across all categories, making decorating and entertaining easy and offering a diversity of looks to attract new customers will drive growth.
 Now I'd like to discuss Williams-Sonoma. In the fourth quarter, Williams-Sonoma continued to build momentum, with comparable brand revenues of 1.4%, primarily driven by the food and gifting categories as well as double-digit growth in Williams-Sonoma Home. This year, we focused on delivering high-quality products, acquiring new customers and transforming our retail and customer experience. And we believe the brand's performance throughout 2016 demonstrates that our strategies are working and sets up the foundation for future growth.
 Now I'd like to discuss West Elm. In the fourth quarter, West Elm delivered revenue growth of almost 11% and comp growth of 6.5%. For the year, West Elm had total revenue growth of 18.3% and comp growth of 12.8%, including -- and including the revenue from our franchise partners, West Elm reached the $1 billion milestone in 2016. We also successfully launched West Elm Workspace and are under way with our West Elm HOTEL launch. We continue to be very optimistic about the growth prospects of this brand and are very aggressive in our expansion plan. 
 Now I'd like to discuss our newer brands, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham, which, combined, grew 25% in the fourth quarter and demonstrate our ability to successfully grow new businesses internally. Our Rejuvenation brand delivered another strong quarter with double-digit comp growth in both our e-commerce and retail channels. We continued to drive increased spend at our existing customers and accelerated the acquisition of new customers with expansion into new esthetics and product categories like chandeliers, furniture and functional accessories as well as the focus on domestic manufacturing, including the support of emerging American designers.
 We opened our Chicago store in November, driving results well above our plan, and we'll be opening our next store in New York later this month. And store performance continues to exceed expectations. We look forward to sharing the results of our continued growth strategy with you. 
 Now I'd like to talk about Mark and Graham. Mark and Graham's double-digit growth in the fourth quarter was driven by their offering of customizable gifts and a premium gifting experience. We particularly saw success in innovative tech gifts, small leather goods and key item accessories, especially in items under $50. Mark and Graham will continue to focus on classic, unique, innovative and affordable gifts as well as being the definitive source for quality online gift giving. 
 And finally, our global business. This business continues to exceed our expectations, and the fourth quarter was no exception. Our focus on improved operations and sustainable profitability continue to drive momentum in our company-owned businesses. Our relationship with our partner in England, John Lewis, also continues to gain momentum with the opening of 8 additional shop-in-shop locations during 2016. Additionally, during the fourth quarter, 10 new global franchise locations were opened. Liverpool opened 7 new stores throughout Mexico, while Alshaya opened our first 2 stores in Qatar and an additional store in Saudi Arabia. We ended the year with 75 franchise and wholesale points of sale. And we recently announced a very exciting new partnership to bring our brands to the dynamic retail market of South Korea. We have partnered with Hyundai Livart Furniture, an affiliate of the Hyundai Department Store Group, to open 30-plus stores over the next 5 years, along with e-commerce. And we are actively pursuing other franchise opportunities around the world.
 As we look to 2017, we will continue to improve performance with a focus on our high strategic priorities of innovation and operational excellence. We'll continue to strengthen our competitive advantages through innovation in e-commerce, our products and our services as well as the retail experience. We are focused on continuous e-commerce innovation. We were early to understand the importance of e-commerce and we now generate almost 52% of our revenues online, and we do so profitably. We know how and why our customers shop in every channel across our brands, and we'll continue to aggressively invest to expand our digital leadership. 
 In 2017, we will continue to invest heavily in digital technology. In a fragmented and evolving retail environment where customers are targeted by multiple retailers, we are investing in powerful ways to increase brand-level awareness and convert awareness to purchase. We'll be implementing digital tools such as next-generation product information pages, 3D product visualization and increased site personalization to deepen online engagement of both new and loyal shoppers and to further expand loyalty across our strong and diverse portfolio of brands.
 Based on our 2016 successes, we are investing more than ever in advertising, specifically our e-commerce spend. Online advertising initiatives will target top-of-the-funnel vehicles that drive brand awareness and new customers, increased spend for purchase and higher participation in life-stage programs like registry and new movers. We will advertise aggressively to meet strategic goals like increasing unaided brand awareness. We're also building on our digital campaigns across various social media platforms to inspire our existing customers. And importantly, we are increasing advertising investments in cross-brand initiatives like The Key loyalty program to increase shoppers' engagement frequency and to drive awareness of our emerging brands and services. We are also focused on delivering further product and service innovation. Some competitors are attempting to attract customers with low-quality products at low prices. We know that our customers come to us for inspiration, service and high-quality products at competitive prices.
 In Pottery Barn Kids and Teens, we are driving innovation and product offerings across all stages, from baby to toddler, tween, teen and dorm. We are focusing on opening price point products by increasing our Gear business and providing opportunities for easy decorating refreshes. And in Williams-Sonoma, we will continue to introduce high-quality products under the Williams-Sonoma brand and to develop innovative exclusives with our third-party vendors.
 This spring, we'll launch a Williams-Sonoma Home collaboration with Aerin Lauder, featuring home furniture, lighting, decorative accessories and tabletops. We're also refining our product offering to meet evolving consumer lifestyle through esthetic variation and high-quality products that meet their specific needs. For example, Pottery Barn launched its small spaces collection in February, which is already showing positive results. The collection is focused on opening price points and smaller-scale solutions, primarily upholstery, furniture and functional accessories. Also, in January, West Elm successfully introduced its new vision of modern design that has been received well by both customers and the design community.
 We are also addressing our customers' changing shopping needs and preferences with innovation of the retail experience. The role of retail stores continues to evolve. As an established multichannel retailer, we offer shoppers integrated experience across channels, all of which positively contribute to their perception of our brands and products. Our retail stores are our single best source of new customer acquisition and are a meaningful advantage over digital pure-play competition. To enhance the customer experience in all of our stores, we're investing in point-of-sale technology and scheduling tools which will provide operational efficiencies and elevated service levels.
 Given the declining mall traffic and shifting consumer behavior, we continue to evaluate the role our retail stores can and should play. We believe that our retail stores must be a source of inspiration and value-added services that translate not just to in-store sales but also to establishing brand loyalty and increasing multichannel purchase behaviors. For example, Pottery Barn store remodels in key markets like South Coast Plaza and Corte Madera not only improved in-store sales but also increased online sales in nearby ZIP Codes. As we said earlier, adding Williams-Sonoma Home at select Williams-Sonoma stores has also resulted in both in-store and online sales increases. These examples demonstrate how retail stores can contribute to both enhanced customer experience and top line revenue growth.
 Recognizing the role of retail stores in our overall brand experiences, we will add new stores where appropriate. In West Elm, we continue to see great opportunities in localized and experiential retail and have plans to open 10 new stores this year.
 In Williams-Sonoma, we will open 2 new stores in the first quarter located in outdoor lifestyle centers that include grocery stores, restaurants and exercise facilities. We will continue to invest in optimizing top-performing stores with refreshes and added services while closing underperforming stores. We will continue market-by-market analysis by brand in order to best position our retail fleet for the future. As stores continue to come up for lease expiration, we'll have the opportunity to close or reposition those that don't meet our standard. 
 Beyond these retail improvements, we are pursuing alternative channels for customers to experience our brand in rich and inspiring context. For example, our initiatives and hospitality with Marriott and the development of West Elm HOTELS as well as West Elm Workspace will give customers entirely new ways to experience the brand as they travel and work. We're exploring similar ideas across all of our brands.
 In 2017, we'll also continue to focus on operational excellence, driving strategies that directly improve our customers' experiences and value perceptions. Our relentless focus on optimizing our supply chain will continue, and results in 2016 prove that these customer-based initiatives translate to both improved customer satisfaction and operational efficiencies. We intend to be the market leader in customer satisfaction, and we will measure it at every possible interaction. We have strategies and teams focusing on key customer touch points, including order visibility, backorder management, furniture home delivery and quality and damages. 
 Inventory optimization will also continue to be a key initiative for us. In 2016, we began the implementation of a robust inventory planning tool focused on demand forecasting and replenishment. In Q2 and Q3 of this year, we'll continue the rollout of the replenishment module. We believe this solution will improve in-stock levels and customer satisfaction by reducing local market out-of-stocks. 
 The underlying foundation of all these initiatives is our company's culture and values. We believe our values differentiate us and that our customers care about how their products are made, the working conditions under which they are made and the safety of the materials that are used. Our customers care about the environment and materials they bring into their homes and share with their families. And across all of our brands, we are committed to honoring these shared values. With initiatives like Healthy Home in the Pottery Barn brands, we offer a range of products that are good for families and the environment and are expanding our offerings of GREENGUARD-certified furniture, organic bedding and Fair Trade goods. 
 In West Elm, we have targeted 20% of our assortment to be Fair Trade Certified by the end of 2017 with the goal of 40% by 2019. And in Williams-Sonoma, we offer the best-quality foods made with the purest ingredients possible, whether sourced from around the world or developed in our own test kitchen, and we continue to celebrate local food artisans in our communities. 
 Supporting these efforts is our direct sourcing infrastructure with our own associates directly overseeing the manufacturing of our products. This means we can monitor both social compliance from fair wages to working conditions as well as the quality and safety of materials used in the construction of our products. 
 It is important to be a positive influence in the communities where we operate. We invest in the people and our supply chain who make our products, increasing economic opportunities for workers through programs, enhanced benefits and education such as the HERproject and the Nest Artisan Advancement Project. And closer to home, we and our brands partner with organizations such as St. Jude Children's Research Hospital, No Kid Hungry, the Whole Planet Foundation, Canada's Children's Hospitals and AIDS Walk in San Francisco and New York.
 Since 2012, we've helped to raise over $17 million for these kinds of organizations, and we have donated merchandise and given grants totaling over $20 million to organizations that align with our areas of focus. Doing business the right way is who we are. It's important to us and important to our customers. We are deeply committed to offering innovative, high-quality products that enhance the lives of our customers and enrich our communities. 
 Looking ahead, we have specific plans in place to drive innovation across our brands, creating differentiated experiences and using digital technology in new ways for deeper engagement with consumers. We will continue to drive operational excellence across the organization, and we will increase shareholder value by keeping the customer at the center of everything we do. We have the infrastructure, strategies and talent in place, and we are confident in the long-term prospects for our company. 
 I will now pass the call over to Julie to discuss our financial results and guidance. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura. Good afternoon, everyone. Before I walk you through the fourth quarter financial results in more detail, I would like to begin with a few fiscal year 2016 financial and operational highlights. Fiscal year 2016 was another year of solid accomplishments. 
 For the full year, we delivered net revenue growth of 2.2%, taking our total revenues to over $5 billion, and our earnings per share grew to $3.43. Our e-commerce revenues grew to almost 52% of total revenues. West Elm delivered another year of outstanding growth, with revenue increasing more than $150 million or 18.3% and comparable brand revenue growth increasing 12.8%, a double-digit increase for the seventh consecutive year. Our emerging brands, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham, together grew 27%. And in our company-owned international operations, we saw another year of double-digit growth at 32.5%. 
 Our gross margins at 37% were relatively flat to last year. Occupancy deleverage of approximately 40 basis points was offset by improved selling margins primarily resulting from the progress we have made in our supply chain initiatives as well as the direct sourcing advantage we have over other retailers. 
 Operating income was down only 20 basis points to 9.6% due to SG&A deleverage from our decision to invest in digital advertising to drive new customer acquisition. 
 On the balance sheet, merchandise inventories were flat year-over-year, demonstrating our commitment to hold inventory growth below sales growth. And we generated $525 million in operating cash flow, allowing us to invest in the business in our long-term initiatives, with almost $200 million in capital expenditures and returned $285 million to stockholders in the form of share buybacks and dividends. 
 Now I would like to discuss our fourth quarter financial results. In the fourth quarter, net revenues were relatively flat to last year at $1,582,000,000, with comparable brand revenues decreasing 0.9%. Revenue growth was driven by West Elm; our newer businesses, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham; Williams-Sonoma; and our company-owned international operations. This revenue growth was offset by the top line softness we saw across the Pottery Barn brands.
 Gross margin for the fourth quarter at 39.3% expanded 100 basis points over last year, including occupancy cost deleverage of 30 basis points in the fourth quarter. Occupancy costs were $169 million in the fourth quarter of 2016 versus $165 million in the fourth quarter of 2015. Merchandise margins were 20 basis points higher than last year. The remaining gross margin leverage primarily related to our supply chain and inventory initiatives. 
 SG&A increased to 25.7% of net revenues from 24.3% in the fourth quarter of 2015. This 140 basis point deleverage was primarily associated with higher employment expenses due to the timing of incentive compensation costs, including the impact from recording incremental stock compensation expense in order to reflect lower-than-expected forfeitures. Additionally, we got higher digital advertising expenses from our decision to invest in new customer acquisition. 
 Operating margin for the fourth quarter was 13.6% versus 14% in the fourth quarter of 2015. By channel, the operating margin in the e-commerce channel in the fourth quarter was 23.7% versus 22% last year. The 170 basis point improvement was primarily related to higher selling margins, reflecting the ongoing benefits we are seeing from our supply chain and sourcing initiatives, partially offset by the investment in digital advertising expenses. 
 In the retail channel, the operating margin was 15.7% versus 15.3% in 2015. Leverage in the retail channel resulted primarily from higher selling margins. Corporate unallocated operating expenses represented 6.2% of net revenues versus 4.6% of net revenues in 2015. The 160 basis points of deleverage was primarily due to the higher employment costs resulting from the timing of incentive compensation expense as well as incremental occupancy costs due to various technology investments in the business. 
 The effective income tax rate in the fourth quarter, excluding the onetime favorable tax adjustment, was relatively flat to last year at 36.5% versus 36.6% last year. These overall results generated $216 million in operating income and $1.55 in diluted earnings per share in the fourth quarter. 
 On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with a cash balance of $214 million and no debt, and merchandise inventories were essentially flat at $978 million. Merchandise inventories across the Pottery Barn brands, however, were down almost 3%. 
 Though we were disappointed in our fourth quarter top line performance in the Pottery Barn brands, Williams-Sonoma, West Elm, and the continued success of our other growth initiatives, combined with our strong operational execution allowed us to drive significant gross margin expansion and to meet the high end of our earnings guidance. 
 Now I'd like to discuss our 2017 guidance. For the first quarter of 2017, we expect revenue growth and comparable brand revenue growth in the range of negative 1% to 2%, with net revenues in the range of $1,085,000,000 to $1,120,000,000. We expect operating margin to be below last year's operating margin rate, and we expect diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $0.45 to $0.50.
 For the year, we expect to grow net revenues 2% to 4% to a range of $5,165,000,000 to $5,265,000,000, with comparable brand revenue growth in the range of 1% to 3%. We expect operating margin to be 9.4% to 9.6%. Diluted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $3.45 to $3.65. 
 This guidance reflects the investments we are making across our business to strengthen our competitive advantages and position us for long-term market share gain, including a significant investment in e-commerce to support continued profitable growth with further investments in digital advertising, to drive new customer acquisition as well as capture and convert awareness into purchase. And specific to the first quarter, we are also incurring incremental year-over-year costs associated with our new Southeast distribution center that was not fully up and running until the second quarter of 2016. We believe these investments will improve the customer experience and top line performance as well as drive further operational efficiencies. 
 As far as our capital allocation strategy, we remain committed to a balanced capital allocation strategy, utilizing our operating cash flow to first invest in the business, to support our ongoing growth initiatives with capital expenditures expected to remain within the range of $200 million to $220 million and to return cash to shareholders. Our capital investments for fiscal year 2017 are focused on those areas that support our strategic priorities of innovation and operational excellence that Laura spoke to earlier and where we see sustainable long-term returns for our shareholders. These investments are centered on fueling top line growth, improving the customer experience and driving operational efficiencies, all of which will strengthen our competitive positioning.
 We are investing in e-commerce and digital leadership and supply chain and inventory management in our retail transformation and in West Elm. We also expect to return cash to shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividend payments. We expect to repurchase shares annually at a level to at least offset equity dilution. We have approximately $411 million remaining on our multiyear, $500 million share repurchase program that we entered into last year. We also expect to continue to target our dividend levels at approximately 35% to 40% of net income and in line with the S&P 500 dividend yield. 
 Today, we announced a 5% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.39. This is the 11th dividend increase we have had since we first started paying dividend in 2006. This will have us returning almost $1.6 billion to our shareholders between both dividend payments and share repurchases over the past 5 years. 
 As far as our 3-year outlook, given the evolving retail landscape and the investments we are making today to support our future long-term growth, our guidance in the shorter term will not match our 3-year outlook previously provided to you last year of mid- to high single-digit revenue growth and low double-digit to mid-teens earnings growth. Longer term, however, we are confident that we can return to these higher growth rates. 
 Our competitive advantages, well-known brands, a multichannel business, superior customer service, a continued focus on operational improvement, an experienced leadership team, a solid balance sheet and a culture of strong financial discipline combined with our opportunities for growth give us the confidence that we will be able to drive sustainable, long-term profitable growth.
 I would now like to open up the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Jessica Mace with Nomura. 
Jessica Schoen: My question is about the supply chain efficiency that seems like a very significant part of the gross margin expansion in the fourth quarter. I was just wondering if you could give us a sense of how much of the benefit from those supply chain initiatives is still remaining? 
Laura Alber: Yes. So we are really confident in our ability to continue to generate supply chain efficiencies. It's, quite honestly, one of the things inside our company that we're most passionate about. We have a team that is dedicated to this, and we have a ton of opportunity to continue to drive supply chain efficiencies. First off, this past year, a lot of it has been lapping what occurred in the prior year. But as part of that process -- profits, we've seen the ability to be able to generate even more next year. So I think the important piece to take away from that, though, is to not necessarily assume that we're going to have 100 basis points of gross margin expansion every quarter throughout the rest of the year, but we're going to continue to see a lot of these supply chain initiatives move forward throughout the year and help mitigate some of the commercial environments. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Chris Horvers with JPMorgan. 
Christopher Horvers: I wanted to focus on Pottery Barn a little bit. How much do you think of the issue is an advertising issue versus a sort of generational issue where baby boomers, where Pottery Barn was the quintessential brand for them and perhaps the millennials is not picking up that? And so is that the idea with the increased advertising and the shift to lower price points? And as a follow-up to that, as you think about PB comps, I know you don't provide by quarter or, excuse me, by brand, but do PB comps recover in the near term, especially considering that tough compare overall? Or is this something that stages over the year and you expect a much bigger back half? 
Laura Alber: Thanks, Chris. The research that we did showed us that our brand loyalists love us, and Pottery Barn is top of their list. There isn't a big complaint from them that it's a problem to solve. It's more the opportunity to reach more new customers and also to force reconsideration of customers who may say, "I know Pottery Barn, but it's not my style." And so it was very good for us to do the work because it became very clear what a powerful brand we have and that what we need to do is to give them more entry points to the brand. And we talked earlier about the focus on what we are calling the candy, the things that you buy impulsively because you love them. And when brands have those kinds of products, they attract new customers, and often after that life stage is they buy furniture. We didn't see a big change across different age groups. There's a lot of millennials who love more traditional furniture. We know that the opportunity is often size because as people move to smaller living arrangements and the urbanization happens, the large-scale furniture is difficult. And we've done small spaces before, but we actually haven't gone small enough, and we haven't altered our value creation, which is really important to us so that, again, we reach those customers who may be moving into their first apartment. And we're seeing that these couple strategies are really working to drive the new customer acquisition. In terms of advertising, we continue to make the shift from catalog to digital advertising, and we are focused on digital storytelling. We know that one of the key differentiators in our Pottery Barn product is our quality and the way things are made and the importance of toxin-free materials. We know the customers care about these things, and so we're focusing on our marketing to tell these stories and also to give them more content because we know that decorating is hard, and they've always seen us as the source of inspiration. So you'll see us continue to push on that kind of marketing and to invest more there than we have previously. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from David Magee with SunTrust. 
David Magee: Just, I guess, a 2-part questions as well. One, just bigger picture, with the environment being difficult and/or in flux, what do you think it's going to take for sort of the tailwind to improve for your business? And then secondly, more specifically, what is your current furniture delivery times versus your -- what the industry averages right now? 
Laura Alber: Sure. Thanks, David. We are seeing the sales react short term to various news events. We saw it during the election. We see it whenever there's anything big in the media. However, we're focused on the longer-term trends versus this daily or weekly choppiness. And comping metrics were solid. Employment numbers have been improving, and these strong housing fundamentals are supportive of the home improvement industry. And we typically see that customers spend on furnishings after these home improvement projects. So the customer appears to be getting healthier, and I believe all of these fundamentals are favorable and should support industry growth. And we believe that if we continue to provide differentiated products at a great value and a superior customer service, we'll be able to continue to take share. Now, in terms of our furniture deliveries, we have a lot of different types of furniture. We have furniture that's in stock, and we can deliver that faster than most. We've done this measurement. We have furniture that's custom, and we are continually working those numbers down. And our Sutter Street manufacturing in North Carolina allows us to do that because we're running it ourselves, and we are continually making improvements. And we measure every week how much is on time, so there's also the idea of how long it takes but also how do you deliver on your promise. And this is an area that we're very focused on, and we continue, although we've made improvements, to not be satisfied with where we are and realize that our competitive advantage will continue to be to outperform, particularly in large cheap furniture. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Peter Benedict with Robert Baird.
 And we'll move next to Matt Fassler with Goldman Sachs. 
Matthew Fassler: At the risk of asking a banal question about the first quarter, if we look at the comp -- mix month comp sets in Q4, obviously, Sonoma tends to be more important in Q4. If you just roll that mix forward or rather adjust for the mix in the first quarter, maintaining those trends would probably drive a brand comp of below the low end of your range. Obviously, you're guiding here at the outset of Q1, 3 or 4 weeks deeper into the quarter than you usually do, so you probably have some pretty good visibility. So is there implied in here some intrinsic improvement implied in some of the brands outside Sonoma? 
Julie Whalen: Well, obviously, we don't give by-brand guidance, Matt. But what I would say is, obviously, the low end of the guidance is sort of saying we're going to hold to where the trend was in Q4, and the high end of the guidance assumes improvement. And so certainly, we believe as we move throughout the year that we're going to have the Pottery Barn brands return to growth, and so that's a factor of it. But there isn't anything else that's sort of a step change across the other bands. 
Operator: And we have next, Peter Benedict with Robert W. Baird. 
Peter Benedict: Recognize you prefer to get both here. Just how are you thinking about the trade-off between margin stability and expansion with market share? I mean, is -- it -- obviously, you guys have -- are guiding to stable margins, but the growth isn't too big on the top line, so just curious at what point. You've got a lot of savings coming in supply chain, the decision points to kind of reinvest more in that to drive market share. Just curious how you're thinking about that from a big-picture perspective. 
Julie Whalen: Thanks, Peter. We're obviously focused on both top line performance and earnings growth, and so certainly, long term could we have op margin expansion? Potentially. But to your point, what we think is the most important thing to do is to drive the top line growth, and so we're reinvesting a lot of those savings right back into it with digital advertising investments this year. We also have the annualization of our Southeast DC, which is very competitive from an advantage perspective. And so that is definitely what we're focused on. You could be penny wise and pound foolish and take all the savings and be a hero for a day and have op margin expansion, but that's not going to drive you in the long term. So yes, at the high end of our op margin guidance, we're flat to last year. We have slight deleverage, but we think with our investments offset by our supply chain efficiencies, that's the right spot to date. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Michael Lasser with UBS. 
Michael Lasser: It's on the portfolio of brands. Historically, you've used M&A as a strategy to buy small brands and grow them organically over time. A, are you comfortable with your portfolio of brands are right now? And B, are you looking at M&A as a strategy along those lines? Or would you consider to use that as a tool in a different way? 
Julie Whalen: We're always looking at M&A. I mean, we're always looking at ideas and saying what's the right choice for the company. If we think there's a good opportunity to pursue, we will. So it's not a matter of having an opinion right now as to whether we're doing M&A or not. It's a matter of what the opportunity is. We've obviously done a very good job of growing our own brands internally, and we've had incredible success now with Rejuvenation that we think can grow to be a very large brand for us. So as you can imagine, there's lots of opportunities that come our way, and we evaluate all of them. And if it's a good idea, we'll do it. 
Operator: And next, we have Greg Melich with Evercore ISI. 
Gregory Melich: Actually, I want to do one question on margins with a follow-up. If you look at the supply chain savings now, are we back to a point where the decline in the shipping costs actually mean we're covering the costs to the end consumer? In other words, are we still losing money trying to deliver stuff to people? Or you've at least gotten the cost to a point that now it's a full baked and it's covered? 
Julie Whalen: Yes -- no, we're not losing money delivering to people at this point. 
Gregory Melich: Great. And then the follow-up and maybe moving to SG&A a little bit. You talked a little bit about marketing and advertising and where it goes and how the shift is continuing from, I guess, catalog to more digital. Could you help us understand where that shows up in the P&L and by the segments, like where we should be thinking about the bulk of the advertising budget going now at this point? 
Julie Whalen: I mean, what are you saying -- geography on the P&L, it's still within the advertising line within SG&A. Is that what you're asking? 
Gregory Melich: Right. But like, if you think about it between the e-commerce business and the retail business, how do you guys think about it? 
Laura Alber: Let's let John -- John's here. John, do you want to answer that question for us? 
John Strain: Yes, absolutely. I mean, the marketing environment is competitive. It always has been. And we're fortunate enough to have a heritage of being a direct response retailer where at home, the discipline is really associated with making balanced trade-offs between high RI driving conversion programs and strategic brand building top-of-funnel investments. I mean, great news for us is that while the medium may have changed over time, from yesterday's discussion about being catalog so I can page productivity to today's digitally oriented discussions about emerging social channels, video, syndicating our content. We love this stuff. 
 We have a passion for driving marketing effectiveness, and we have a customer analytics team, a customer experience team, customer insights team. They all partner and assess that marketing mix on a multi-touch attribution model, it's really based on identifying opportunities to go broader and deeper where appropriate and also to make appropriate trade-outs. So we're part of great companies like Google to assess our Brand Arc and develop the strategies to really expand that brand awareness. So this is part of our DNA. We've developed this through decades, and it's not the kind of thing that comes naturally to the pure players and startups. So understanding how to do this in a long-term sustainable profitable way, for us is the key advantage. 
Gregory Melich: And our customer acquisition costs, are they higher or lower than they were, say, a couple of years ago, as you do the transition? 
John Strain: Our customer acquisition costs are up, and we're finding great opportunities in the context of digital marketing. This is one where we're really driving a large percentage of our new customers. So we're excited about that. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Dan Binder with Jefferies. 
Daniel Binder: I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit about the comp store sales at West Elm. They've seen some deceleration although still healthy. I was curious, is that a function of just tough comparisons, a slowdown in the industry? Or is it product-driven? And how are the oldest stores comping versus the newer stores? 
Laura Alber: Sure. It's Laura. We're really pleased with the growth in West Elm. Growth in Q4 was almost 11%. Full year was over 18%. And as I said, including revenue from our franchise partners, the brands now reached a $1 billion threshold. And the good news is that when we measure the brand awareness, it's really low. So that tells us there's a lot more room for growth. And the new stores have been successful. We have a lot of growth plans in place for the brand, including hospitality and workspace, and you're going to see those growth opportunities become even more meaningful next year as well as relentless focus on our store business and our direct channel. 
Julie Whalen: And West Elm in the fourth quarter, like the other brands, was also impacted by the retail environment, specifically in the first month of the quarter, like everybody spoke to. So you saw that impacts probably more of the comp business than the non-comp. So that's why there's a delta between the non-comp and the comp. The non-comp from the newer stores are doing phenomenally well. I wouldn't read anything into that. 
Daniel Binder: Okay. And then just on store remodels, it sounds like you're pretty pleased with them. Anything holding you back from accelerating it? 
Laura Alber: We're just -- we continue to read them. We don't want to get ahead of ourselves. We've always had a really high hurdle rate for profitability in our real estate, and there's a lot changing there now. So you do a couple, you do some more, you make sure it works in multiple markets. And we have some great landlord partnerships going on and long-term relationships that are going to help us continue to evolve our stores but also not get ourselves in a situation where our retail profitability declines because of the investments. 
Operator: Next, we have Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer. 
Brian Nagel: I want to touch on -- Julie, you talked about, in your prepared comments, the e-commerce investments here in 2017. So the question I have is, as we look at these investments that we made this year, are they more, I guess, transformative or more maintenance? I mean, going out, and I know you haven't given guidance really beyond 2017, but is there a point at which the investments, and particularly that which pertains to online, begins to tail off? 
Laura Alber: Yes, there's several different things that we're investing in. We do think it's a transformative year with the amount of -- it is our prioritization for the year is to invest in e-commerce and digital leadership. That's why it was the first thing that I mentioned from an investment perspective. We're looking at everything to give the customer experience the best thing possible, so whether it's the next-generation product page, whether it's 3D product visualization, whether it's more investment in mobile, whether it's better on-site search experience. We're also looking at buy online, pick up in the store, which has seen it in the Williams-Sonoma brand. It's across the gamut of all the things that we are investing in, and we do think this is incredibly important. Obviously, we have 52% -- we're different than other retailers. We're already at the 52% hurdle rate from e-commerce perspective, but we do think the growth is going to continue to grow there. And so it's important with our level of profitability at, what, this past was 23.7%, the more we grow that channel, the better returns we get. And so it's going to be a very strong focus for us. 
Brian Nagel: Then just regarding -- looking out beyond '17, I mean, it sounds -- again, it sounds like there's some significant investments you're making here in '17. But as you look out beyond that, should we expect ongoing online investments? 
Laura Alber: Yes, absolutely. 
Operator: Our next question is from Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. 
Simeon Gutman: I want to ask -- it's a follow-up somewhat to Matt's question earlier, maybe asked a little differently. So in the fourth quarter, the comparable brand comps are strong, and then the guidance for next year is modest growth. So I wanted to get a sense -- the biggest changes you mentioned, I don't know if it's environment. You mentioned some changes at Pottery Barn. I'm wondering -- we have a couple of data points we saw, we -- not that the customer deposits are a perfect gauge, but they look flattish year-over-year at least coming into this quarter. Can you also tie into that answer any timing on the digital customer acquisition? I would assume that, that should respond rather quickly but curious on the timing. And just what gives you confidence in the forecast for next year on top line? 
Julie Whalen: Well, there's a lot of questions in there, but I can tackle it. I think the first and foremost thing you have to realize is that we're giving guidance today, and we're coming out of Q4 where, quite honestly, we had a negative 1, right? And we still see softness across the Pottery Barn brands, and the environment is a little bit choppy, the current retail environment. With that said, as you move throughout the year, we have absolutely factored in the Pottery Barn brands returning to growth. We've also factored in the fact that all of our growth initiatives under the covers are still growing double digits. So whether it's West Elm, whether it is our newer businesses, whether it's the global company-owned businesses, all of that is going to continue. And so I think when you look at those growth initiatives, combined with the fact that Pottery Barn returning to growth, that is what gives us the confidence in our top line guidance. I think you need to remember that if you look back in time with the Pottery Barn brands, from the time we've owned them, they have only been negative one other time, was during the recessionary period, '08 and '09; the first time they've been negative. And if you look back the last, I don't know, 6 years or so, they had an average 6 comp. So it's a matter of when they turn around, but they will. And so that, plus these other growth initiatives, gives us confidence in our guidance. 
Laura Alber: I think also, you asked the question about customer acquisition, and we're happy to report that we saw a very solid growth in GDC new to corp [ph] customers in Q4, with our investment in digital marketing paying off. And this is, I think, what you're referring to in terms of a nice positive as we go into the new year. 
Simeon Gutman: And just to clarify something, I don't want to put words in your mouth, but did you say -- you said growth initiatives and you said double digits and you mentioned West Elm. I don't know if you meant growth initiatives within West Elm or the West Elm comp should get back to double digits for the full year for next year. 
Julie Whalen: Well, revenue growth, they grew 10.8% in Q4. So they're still double digit. And on the year, they're still double digit. So I'd still count them as double digit. 
Operator: And that is all the time we have for questions today. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Laura for any additional or closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: Well, thank you all for joining us. We appreciate your support, and we look forward to talking to you next time. 
Operator: Once again, that does conclude today's presentation. We thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-17 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Beth Potillo-Miller, Senior Vice President, Finance and Corporate Treasurer, to discuss non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking statements. Please go ahead. 
Beth Potillo-Miller: Thank you, Katherine. Good afternoon. This call should be considered in conjunction with the press release that we issued earlier today. Our discussion will contain non-GAAP results and guidance, including non-GAAP EPS and operating margin, which excludes the impact of unusual business events. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and our explanation of why the non-GAAP financial measures may be useful are discussed in our press release.
 During the first and third quarters of 2016, we incurred severance-related organization charges due to the reduction of headcount, primarily in our corporate functions, totaling approximately $13 million or $0.09 per diluted share and $1 million or $0.01 per diluted share, respectively. These charges were recorded as SG&A expense within the unallocated segment. The remainder of the discussion today will reference third quarter results and full year guidance related to EPS and operating margin on a non-GAAP basis, excluding this unusual item.
 This call also contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, trends, guidance, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2016 and beyond and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company's current press releases and SEC filings, including the most recent 10-K and 10-Q for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call.
 I would now like to turn the conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer, to discuss our third quarter 2016 results. 
Laura Alber: Good afternoon, and thank you all for joining us today. On the call with me today are Julie Whalen, our Chief Financial Officer; and John Strain, our Chief Digital and Technology Officer. In the third quarter, we delivered revenue growth of 1.1% and earnings per share of $0.79. Growth was fueled by strong year-over-year revenue increases at West Elm; our newer businesses, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham; and our international company-owned businesses. Comp brand revenues in Williams-Sonoma were essentially flat, up 0.1% with the Pottery Barn brand declining 4.5%. Although the current environment is less certain, we remain focused on what we can control and we are confident that the ongoing progress on our strategic initiative will improve service for our customers and will drive long-term sustainable profitable growth for our shareholders. As we look to the balance of the year, we believe that the customer is resilient and will spend money on the holidays, especially for their home and with brands that they love. And we are entirely focused on delivering a better experience for our customers this holiday season.
 We continue to make great progress on our customer-centric initiatives, which include supply chain and inventory improvements, innovative products at the best value, marketing strategies to increase new customer acquisition and enhancements of the retail experience. The improvements resulting from these initiatives are the reason that, even with sales not as strong as we'd like, we delivered Q3 earnings at the higher end of our guidance and we delivered this earnings performance without cutting investments in our future growth strategies. And most importantly, these initiatives improve service to our customers. In our supply chain, we made significant progress in our home delivery experience in the third quarter with measurable improvements in pieces per delivery. This was driven by better positioning of inventory resulting in fewer out-of-market shipments and improved order completeness.
 Additionally, we are working hard in our upholstery manufacturing operations to ensure multi-unit orders are shipping together. As a result, we've significantly reduced our delivery occurrences resulting in more customers receiving complete orders in 1 delivery. These types of improvements are particularly important as they simultaneously provide a better customer experience while also reducing freight costs.
 Our new Southeastern distribution center in Georgia is now approximately 75% full and is shipping approximately 60% of our Southeastern volume. Average delivery time to customers in this region have improved 3 to 5 days. As inventory levels continue to ramp up in this facility and the fulfillment percentage growth, we should realize further improvements in delivery time and service as well as reduce out-of-market shipments and freight costs.
 As we enter the 2016 holiday season, we expect shopping will occur late in the quarter and we have prepared for the season with investments in process improvements and employee training in our distribution centers and believe we are well positioned for improved holiday fulfillment performance relative to last year. 
 In our Memphis and Olive Branch operations, we have invested considerable time and effort in SKU rationalization and reengineering of our picking process flows and technologies over the past year. These enhancements and efficiencies will help drive faster order fulfillment in our DCs for this holiday season, as well as improve efficiencies and the overall customer experience by reducing the shipment of multiple cartons to the customer's home to fulfill a complete order.
 We are spending more time investing in improved training for our seasonal and full-time associates while simultaneously revamping our talent sourcing approach to provide candidates with more flexible options to make us the employer of choice. This is particularly important as the labor markets become more competitive in various areas of the country where our distribution sites are located. We have strategically built our staffing plan to get ahead of the hiring ramp and also to optimize our staffing to accommodate the later Christmas e-commerce order curve as we expect to see this year. 
 In retail, as I mentioned to you on our last call, we are taking a very aggressive approach to our retail and real estate strategies to improve the experience in our stores. We are underway with an extensive analysis of our stores, reviewing locations and looking at ways to optimize our fleet. As the results of our analysis, we have identified stores that may close upon natural lease expiration. And at the same time, we are also investing in store remodels and are seeing good results. 
 In Pottery Barn, we continue to drive year-over-year improvement -- improved results in our remodels in Corte Madera and South Coast Plaza and we have 3 other store refreshes opened in early November including, Mission Viejo, Columbus, Ohio and Broomfield, Colorado. We'll also continue to open stores in select markets such as Nashville, Tennessee and Wichita, Kansas, which have -- both of which are exceeding our expectations.
 In Williams-Sonoma, we are pleased with our Ponce City store in Atlanta Georgia, which opened last year and our recently remodeled stores in South Coast Plaza and San Diego, California. In Q3, we rolled out 4 stores in the new Williams-Sonoma format in San Luis Obispo and San Mateo, California, Toronto, Canada and in Troy, Michigan, all including Williams-Sonoma Home products.
 We also added Home products to another 6 stores in Q3 bringing our total installations to 36. In these locations, we are seeing positive growth in sales driven by conversion in average transaction size, validating that the strategy is working. All of these stores are performing above our expectations. Importantly, when we add Home installations to our stores, we not only see increased sales in these stores, but we also see an increase in online sales of WS Home product in the surrounding areas. 
 And in West Elm, we are seeing excellent results in our new stores, including our relocated Empire Store in Brooklyn New York, and we now have a total of 98 West Elm stores. We will continue to update you on the progress we are making across our retail fleet.
 In marketing, we continue to shift our investments from catalog to digital to acquire new customers cost efficiently. A key reason we have been a leader in online sales is our almost 60 years of experience building and nurturing our house file of customers who have shopped with us in our stores, over the phone and on our websites. We continue to capitalize on that heritage as we enhanced our house file with more information about our customer, allowing us to deliver even more relevant messaging in e-mail, and our sites on mobile, on social platforms and through direct mail.
 Expansion of our digital identity capabilities has allowed us to understand our customers' behavior across devices and our channels, as well as across our brands. The leverage of our house file and expansive range of product offerings across differentiated brands are areas of significant competitive advantage. We've identified even more creative and cost-efficient programs to market across our brands. 
 For example, in Q3, we went to market with a premier shopping event, our first overt cross-brand marketing initiative. The event was a success and we learned that our customers appreciated the cross-brand offerings as a way to introduce them to different products and aesthetics, while still delivering on the same great value and quality standards. We are not only able to generate our own demand, but we also acquired significant new-to-brand customers. 
 Following this cross-brand success, we have also recently introduced The Key, our first brand -- our first cross-brand loyalty program. The Key is designed to showcase our brands and reward our customers for shopping across our portfolio. Over the next 24 months, we will continue to expand The Key with elevated technology, services and experiences including integration with West Elm hotels and other new businesses we may develop. In addition to providing value and fun to our customers, The Key will improve our ability to deliver a more relevant experience across all of our brands.
 In addition to the progress we have made on our corporate-wide strategic initiatives, we believe we are well poised for this holiday season. We've been working on our personalization capabilities and site visibility and have made many improvements to our customer experience. All the supply chain progress we've made this year has prepared us to efficiently fulfill peak volumes in whatever channel our customers want to shop. We have great talent and a focus on outstanding customer service in our stores and we have early positive reads on our holiday products across our brands. 
 I would also like to take a moment to discuss our community engagement this holiday season. 2016 will mark our 12th-year of partnership with Saint Jude's Children's Research Hospital on the Thanksgiving campaign. Over the past 11 years, we have raised more than $34 million for research and the care of children and families facing childhood cancer and other life-threatening diseases. This year, we're especially excited about the give-back programs from each of our brands that are specifically designed for this campaign. In addition to Saint Jude, each of our brands has product offerings and programs that support other organizations that are meaningful to them and the communities they serve. 
 In summary, while the environment is challenging, we are prepared and believe we are well positioned to service our customers by delivering the inspiration and the value they expect. 
 Now I'd like to discuss the key results within our brand portfolio, beginning with the Pottery Barn brands. Across the Pottery Barn brands, including Pottery Barn Kids and Teen, comp brand revenues declined 4.5% with Pottery Barn declining 4.6%, Kids declining 1% and PBteen down 10.9%. As you know, we have been very focused on reestablishing growth across the Pottery Barn brands. Last quarter, I spoke to you about the Pottery Barn brand diagnostic work that we began in July with a third-party agency. This work included extensive customer research and showed that for our brand loyalists, Pottery Barn is a loved brand that is known for its comfortable style and high-quality products. For others, less familiar with Pottery Barn, we are perceived as expensive, too predictable and not for them. We see clear opportunity to broaden our customer base without alienating our current brand loyalists by adding more diversity of aesthetics and scale and increasing value through more accessible price points.
 And we are very aligned around our brand positioning and opportunity to be the most inspiring American home design resource. We are beginning to see the results of these initiatives with sequential progress in the Pottery Barn brands through the third quarter across several categories, including our new furniture collections and textiles. In the coming seasons, you will see the methodical rollout of our product strategies across all core categories. 
 We're also encouraged by our early holiday reads, with an especially strong response to our holiday decorating and seasonal bedding offerings. In our stores, we are increasing the density of gifting and easy-entry decorating items that also fuel new customer acquisition.
 We have approved the assortment of key gift items making it easy for our guests to solve their gifting needs. Our holiday newness also includes a collaboration with renowned Indian fashion designer, Sabyasachi. The collection features an elegant -- an eclectic array of colorful, globally inspired textiles and decor. We have received great press in the international media and we believe collaborations of this nature will help us attract new customers and expand our global reach. 
 In Pottery Barn Kids, although we have had a slightly negative revenue comp, we saw improved trends across key categories. Furniture was an area of strength driven by excellent customer response to our new furniture introductions and finishes. Our seasonal business is a highlight in the third quarter with record Halloween and back-to-school results. These strengths were offset by continued softness in the textile category. We plan to strengthen this category through increased collaborations and the evolution of our core aesthetic. During the third quarter, we launched our holiday collection and we believe we have a very compelling lineup for the season. We're encouraged by our early holiday reads across key gifting categories. We are expanding on the success of our Star Wars collection to include new categories with additional playroom and seasonal items. We've delivered new and innovative gifts for children of all ages that represent the unique design and lasting quality that Pottery Barn Kids stands for and we will be the destination for kid-friendly holiday decorating from stockings to ornaments, tabletop and decor.
 Lastly, we introduced our first Fair Trade Certified product, a holiday hand-felted collection from Nepal and we are committed to supporting the artists in our vendor community more robustly in 2017. In Pottery Barn Kids, collaborations that celebrate inspirational talent in the design community are a key component of our product strategy. We are thrilled to announce our collaboration with Italian designer and mother of 2, Margherita Missoni, which will launch in mid-January. The collection thoughtfully mixes vibrant colors, inviting textures and playful prints and captures Margherita's joyful and imaginative design aesthetic. 
 Now I'd like to talk about Pottery Barn Teen. Pottery Barn Teen results were disappointing. After a strong start to back-to-school and a successful dorm season, we saw softening in our core furniture and textile businesses. Demand was sequentially better than in Q2, but inventory issues impacted our net comp more severely in Q3 than in Q2. Areas that we remain focused on are innovation and product categories, increased value proposition, improved inventory accuracy and enhanced marketing strategies to raise brand awareness. We have specific strategies each quarter across all of these initiatives. We've also made leadership changes in both merchandising and inventory over the last 6 months and the team is highly focused on delivering upon these key strategies. Our expanded dorm offering was a highlight of the quarter driven by quality textiles and runaway hits and easy decorating ideas. We believe that dorm represents a major opportunity for future growth and we plan to significantly increase this business. 
 In the fourth quarter, we are highlighting our offering of innovative high-quality gifts. Here, we've expanded upon our successful occasional seating category with new beanbags, media chairs and sectionals. We recently launched our Gifts That Give Back shop where we have partnered with many of our collaborators to donate a portion of sales proceeds to the charity of their choice. Our collaborations remain an important strategy and continue to perform well. We have several more in the pipeline for 2017 that we believe will bring new customers into the brand. Our upcoming spring collection will highlight many important product initiatives and the work of our new leadership team. We'll introduce new furniture collections and finishes, increase value in textile and compelling decorating solutions at a great price. We're excited to offer our customers new ways to update their teens' rooms and solve their decorating needs.
 I would now like to talk about Williams-Sonoma. In the third quarter, Williams-Sonoma comp brand revenues were essentially flat, up 0.1 on top of 1.2 in 2015. We continue to execute against our growth strategies, delivering high-quality products, acquiring new customers and transforming our retail and customer experience. Our product strategy is centered around 4 primary efforts: a strong core business built on the best brands in the industry; the expansion and growth of our branded Williams-Sonoma line; exclusive product offerings from our key branded partners; and accelerated growth of Williams-Sonoma Home. Our core business remains healthy including cookware, bakeware and cutlery. We did experience some softness in electric but our early read on new product launches are strong as we enter Q4. Our own Williams-Sonoma branded merchandise has been proven to be incremental. Offering well-designed and affordable products has expanded the reach of our business and continues to be a sizable opportunity. During Q4, we will continue to launch new Williams-Sonoma product as key elements of our assortment strategy. Our new customer acquisition efforts are focused not only in our stores and online, but also outside of our 4 walls. Registry remains a success and we saw increases in registry creation, particularly from our stores. All Williams-Sonoma stores have launched a new series of themed classes that include a product to take home. This series will run through the upcoming months with an exciting lineup of classes. In addition, Williams-Sonoma is promoting its successful cookbook club series with a celebrity chef lineup for fall including Alton Brown, Mario Batali and Ina Garten. Last month, Williams-Sonoma launched its Cookbook Club e-gift Card, just in time for the holiday season. Williams-Sonoma also announced several key sweepstakes teaming up with American Girl, POPSUGAR and Clean Plates to present the ultimate American Girl party sweepstakes. 
 Williams-Sonoma will also present a holiday London calling sweepstakes in partnership with Fortnum & Mason that will include a trip for 2 to London, an exclusive tour of the original Fortnum & Mason store and a Fortnum & Mason prize package. 
 During the third quarter, we participated in 2 phenomenal food festivals, Portland Feast and National Food and Wine Festival. This type of participation enables deeper relationships with both our professional and domestic cooking communities. Also in Q3, we relaunched our Williams-Sonoma credit card program with a great new partner Alliance Data Systems. The launch has been a huge success. With ADS we've been able to offer our customers improved benefits that will result in greater customer engagement. The program offers enhanced loyalty rewards for our customers, as well as a new private label Williams-Sonoma credit card in addition to our existing co-branded credit card. We're seeing great response to our card and the average transactions size on initial card purchases has increased.
 At retail, we remain committed to improving our customer experience through elevated service, new store management tools and reengineered processes. And as I mentioned earlier, our new store formats are working. Being a part of the community is deeply rooted in our culture and for the sixth straight year, Williams-Sonoma held its annual fundraising campaign benefiting No Kid Hungry. Through the efforts of our employees, our vendor community and our partners at No Kid Hungry, we were able to raise $1.5 million, more than double last year's contribution. 
 The Williams-Sonoma team has worked all year long to prepare for the holidays. We are entering Q4 well positioned with our inventory and early indications are that we are off to a solid start. We have implemented new in-store strategies that we believe will provide a great customer experience. We have a strong seasonal lineup of gifts with many of our favorites returning, as well as some innovative new items and we are ready to execute online, in-store anytime our customers want to shop. 
 Now I'd like to provide an update on West Elm. In the third quarter, West Elm delivered double-digit growth with comp brand revenues increasing 12% compared to last year's 15.7%. The brand continues to experience gains across core segments, but was particularly strong in both furniture and lighting. In the third quarter, West Elm successfully opened 10 new locations across the United States and many of these store sites were carefully selected as part of the brand's commitment to honor and preserve historical buildings and neighborhoods, including a 1930s-era post office arena, a 19th-century coffee warehouse in Brooklyn and a midcentury building in the historic center of Savannah, Georgia. In each location, we also continue to broaden our partnerships with local makers and designers through our West Elm LOCAL program, garnering big interest from both customers and communities. Great experiential retail continues to be central to our overall customer engagement strategy and is a competitive advantage for the West Elm brand. In addition to relocating the brand's Brooklyn, New York store, West Elm moved their headquarters, the historic Empire Stores building in Dumbo, New York. The new Brooklyn store and office further solidifies West Elm's commitment to the neighborhood it has called home since its inception in 2002. 
 Over the past 2 years, West Elm has expanded its scope from home furnishings to designs that impact everyday life at home, work and away. In June 2015, the brand entered the $25 billion commercial furnishings market with West Elm Workspace. This past September, we announced our entry into the hospitality industry with West Elm Hotels. In partnership with hotel operator DDK, West Elm Hotels create a unique venue to fully experience the brand and provides a rich opportunity to help change the future of hospitality. We believe there's a growing desire among modern travelers to have a more immersive and rewarding experience in the places they are visiting. West Elm Hotels will offer a differentiated experience by being wholly focused on the unique character of each location and its surrounding community. West Elm will drive the design and brand experience of each location and will lead brand marketing. DDK will lead property development with local developers and will be our exclusive operator. Neither West Elm nor Williams-Sonoma, Inc. will have any real estate investments in West Elm Hotels. The first hotels are expected to open in late 2018. 
 Importantly, these types of initiatives provide innovative ways for customers to experience our brand offerings outside of visiting a traditional retail store. Because of our online competitive advantage, we are uniquely poised to convert these innovative brand experiences into sales. 
 In September, West Elm also announced Sonos as its home sound system partner in all West Elm stores and online. West Elm is now the exclusive home retailer where customers can experience and purchase Sonos speakers and components as they consider other home furnishing decisions. Participating stores will provide sound as part of West Elm's style and service program and select locations will feature a dedicated Sonos listening lab. 
 Additionally, West Elm announced product collaboration with Whole Foods Market, an exclusive holiday collection to benefit Whole Planet Foundation, a nonprofit organization that alleviates poverty around the globe. In partnerships, Guatamelan textile group, The New Denim Project, West Elm and Whole Foods Market introduced a 12-piece limited time collection of kitchen and tabletop items crafted from premium up-cycled denim. By delivering deeper and more meaningful customer experiences in all aspects of their lives, at home, work and now while they travel, we believe West Elm is well positioned to maintain its momentum on its journey to becoming a $2 billion brand. 
 Now I'd like to discuss our newer brands, Rejuvenation, Mark and Graham and our global businesses. In our Rejuvenation brand, we delivered another strong third quarter with double-digit growth in both the e-commerce and retail channels. Performance in our Rejuvenation stores is exceeding our expectations and we are excited to continue the success as we open our new Lincoln Park, Chicago store this week. Successful retail expansion in key markets is an important step in developing this brand and we look forward to sharing the results with you. Also key to the Rejuvenation brand is our focus on domestic manufacturing. In addition to much of our lighting, which is manufactured by skilled craftspeople at our factory in Portland, we are focused on building new partnerships across the country, including partnerships with one of the last family-owned glass manufacturers in West Virginia, furniture makers in West Virginia, North Carolina and New York, metal workers in Connecticut and basket makers in Massachusetts. Domestic manufacturing is a key component of Rejuvenation's brand and we're excited about how we're expanding it into new categories. We are very optimistic about the strong trends we see in Rejuvenation with our product line extension. Our expansion into new aesthetics and product categories, including chandeliers, furniture and functional accessories, continues to drive increased spend with our existing customers and to accelerate the acquisition of new customers. 
 Now I'd like to talk about Mark and Graham. Mark and Graham's growth in the third quarter came from new fall offerings in personal accessories and category expansions. Revenue was driven by innovative tech gifts and new key fashion handbags. During the quarter, we saw success in offering affordable, customizable luxury across diverse product categories and we're excited going into the holiday season. 
 We also continue to build momentum in our global business. Growth, in the third quarter, was driven primarily by strong performance in our company-owned businesses in Australia and the U.K., as well as new store openings in our existing franchise and wholesale markets. During the third quarter, our global partners opened 8 new locations: 2 stores in Mexico; 1 new store in Saudi Arabia; and 5 additional shop-in-shop locations within John Lewis department stores in the United Kingdom. We are on track to end the year with over 70 franchise and wholesale points of sale. 
 While we seek opportunities to continue the growth of our existing partnerships, we maintain our focus to improve our operations to support new partners and market expansion in the upcoming year. In summary, despite a challenging retail environment, we are optimistic about the future because of our strong portfolio of brands and customers, our strong and profitable e-commerce business generating over 50% of our revenue, our growth opportunities, our financial discipline and our very experienced team. We are completely focused on exceeding our customers' needs and our investments and supply chain are key to both our current and future success. We will continue to optimize all aspects of our business that we can control by executing against our strategic initiatives and we are confident that this will allow us to continue to deliver long-term shareholder value regardless of the short-term uncertainty. 
 I look forward to updating you again next quarter on our progress. I will now turn the call over to Julie Whalen to discuss our Q3 results in more detail and the guidance for the remainder of the year. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon, everyone. Our third quarter results once again reflect our ability to execute against our long-term strategic growth and operational initiatives. And we are pleased that despite a challenging retail environment, the continued success of these initiatives has allowed us to generate year-over-year positive revenue growth, improved gross margins and almost flat operating margins and earnings per share at the high end of our guidance range. 
 For the third quarter, net revenues increased 1.1% to $1,245,000,000 with comparable brand revenues declining 0.4% compared to 4.5% growth last year. Revenue growth was driven by West Elm, our newer businesses and our international company-owned businesses, all of which experienced double-digit year-over-year revenue growth. This strong revenue growth was partially offset by the top-line softness we are seeing particularly across the Pottery Barn brands, which we believe have been most impacted by the overall softening of the retail environment. During the quarter, we did, however, see improved trends across the brands and in Pottery Barn, in particular, we saw sequential improvement across several key categories. And as a result, we believe this is why, in October, our home furnishings brands outperformed the home furnishings industry. 
 In our e-commerce channel, net revenues grew 3.3% to $649 million, driven by the continued growth in West Elm, Williams-Sonoma and Rejuvenation. E-commerce net revenues represented 52.1% of total company net revenues, 110 basis-point increase over last year. Our retail channel net revenues decreased 1.2% to $597 million in the third quarter. Strong growth across West Elm, our international company-owned businesses and Rejuvenation was offset by the declines we saw in the Pottery Barn brands. 
 Gross margins for the third quarter improved 20 basis points year-over-year to 36.8% versus 36.6% last year despite occupancy cost deleverage of 60 basis points to $168 million versus $159 million last year. We saw substantial improvements in our selling margins. Our focus on our supply chain initiatives has generated reduced shipping and fulfillment-related costs and our direct sourcing advantage continues to drive material cost reductions, allowing us to provide value to our customers and still maintain merchandise margins that are only slightly down to last year despite continued pressure from a promotional retail environment. 
 SG&A for the third quarter was 27.9% versus 27.6% last year. The 30 basis points of deleverage was primarily associated with higher advertising costs from our decision to incrementally invest in e-marketing as a result of our increased focus on new customer acquisition, as well as general expense deleverage. These increases were partially offset by lower employment costs as a result of our 2016 corporate reduction in force. Operating margin for the third quarter was 8.9% versus 9% last year. By channel, the operating margin in the e-commerce channel was 23.1% versus 21.9% last year. The 120-basis point improvement was primarily associated with higher gross margins resulting from improved year-over-year shipping and fulfillment-related costs as a result of our focus on all of our supply chain and inventory initiatives. This was partially offset by an increase in SG&A, primarily driven by higher advertising costs from the incremental e-marketing investments in new customer acquisition. We are pleased that this e-commerce operating margin puts us relatively back in line with the highest third quarter e-commerce operating margin we have seen. 
 The operating margin in the retail channel was 7.9% during the third quarter versus 8.1% last year. The 20-basis point decline in the retail operating margin was primarily associated with lower gross margins from occupancy deleverage, partially offset by SG&A leverage from strong financial discipline across advertising, general expenses and employment. This retail operating margin also reflects substantial sequential improvement in the second quarter as last quarter, our retail margins were impacted by our decision to more aggressively liquidate less productive SKUs and aged inventory to our retail outlets as part of our supply chain and inventory initiatives. 
 Corporate unallocated expenses, as a percentage of net revenues, were 6.9% versus 6.2% in 2015. The 70 basis-point deleverage was driven by occupancy and general expenses partially offset by lower employment costs as a result of our 2016 corporate reduction-in-force. We are pleased that despite lower revenues and planned incremental investments in digital marketing, we were able to minimize the margin and earnings impact with our supply chain efficiencies and our overall expense discipline resulting in diluted earnings per share for the third quarter of $0.79 versus $0.77 last year. 
 On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with a cash balance of $75 million. As a reminder, given the seasonality of our business, our cash levels reach their lowest point at this time of year as we fund our business ahead of the holiday selling season. Year-to-date, we have invested $127 million in our business with an additional $49 million this quarter alone and we have returned over $216 million to our shareholders, of which $72 million was in the third quarter, consisting of $39 million in stock repurchases and $33 million in dividends. Merchandise inventories on the balance sheet decreased 3.5% to $1,064,000,000 at the end of the third quarter, which includes a decrease in inventory on hand and available for sale of 6.3%. This decrease once again reflects our commitment to bring inventory growth below sales growth. Our inventory initiatives continue to drive these reduced inventory levels as well as improved efficiencies in our supply chain. Although inventory is down, primarily from reduced and less productive SKUs and aged inventory, we continue to have opportunity to improve our in-stock positions with fewer understocks in key categories, which has been driving back orders higher than we would like, particularly at Pottery Barn and Pottery Barn Teen. Our new inventory optimization tool will allow us to improve accuracy in our inventory purchases for our core products. And in 2017, we should be able to measure our success. 
 I would now like to discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2016 guidance.
 For the fourth quarter, we expect net revenues to be in the range of $1,570,000,000 to $1,650,000,000 with comparable brand revenue growth in the range of negative 1% to 4%. We expect our fourth quarter operating margin to be slightly below last year and we are guiding earnings per share to be in the range of $1.45 to $1.55. For the full year, we are tightening our full year guidance ranges by lowering the high end of the ranges to reflect our most recent third quarter results and our fourth quarter guidance. As a result, our full year revenue guidance is expected to grow in the range of 2% to 3% to a range of $5,070,000,000 to $5,150,000,000 with comparable brand revenue growth of 1% to 2%. We expect our operating margin to be in the range of 9.4% to 9.6% and our diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $3.35 to $3.45 per share. 
 All other financial guidance within the press release remains unchanged from the previous guidance. It is important to note that this guidance reflects our best estimate less than 3 weeks into our largest quarter and at a time when there is uncertainty. The recent presidential election and the unpredictable impact on the consumer and the retail environment have made providing future guidance difficult at this time. The guidance we are providing today does not contemplate any further changes, better or worse, in the retail landscape or consumer sentiment. 
 From a capital allocation perspective, there are no changes to our plan. Given our strong operating cash flow, we plan to continue to invest in the business to support our growth and operational initiatives in the range of $200 million to $220 million. We also plan to continue to return capital to our shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends. We have approximately $447 million remaining and available for share repurchases which, as we said at the beginning of the year, we intend to repurchase over the next 3 years. We are also committed to continuing to pay a dividend.
 In summary, we believe we are well positioned to deliver for our customers and our shareholders. Our well-known brands, our multichannel model, our opportunities for growth and the success of all of our initiatives to date, as well as our solid balance sheet and strong financial discipline give us confidence in our ability to deliver great customer service and long-term sustainable growth for our shareholders. I would now like to open the call for questions. But before I do, I would like to wish all of you happy holidays. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go to Matt Lasser with UBS. 
Unknown Analyst: On the Pottery Barn business, can you describe a little bit more by category where you saw the weakness? And how you think the competitive landscape is playing into that? And let me just add a quick follow-up, it sounds like you're going after new customer acquisition, what's been the outcome thus far? Have you been able to be successful with that? 
Laura Alber: Thanks, Matt. So by category, that really doesn't tell the story as much as it does when you look at what's selling and where we have fatigue. And we're really pleased to see that what we thought would sell is selling. I mean, that sounds like a very simplistic thing but it's a good indication that we're on the right track. And you can see with a brand the size of Pottery Barn that there's a lot of differences of aesthetic and styles that people relate to. There's some core aesthetics and there's emerging aesthetics and so we are very cognizant of keeping our current and loyal customers, who love the brand, top of mind and not changing what they come to the brand for but at the same time, we have an opportunity to attract new customers and we're doing that very carefully by looking at what they're buying and building other things in the future that are in the same aesthetic of what they've already purchased. We also know that there's opportunity to design into lower price points. Price points where we used to be when we started the brand. And so it's a natural place to go to look at things that are smaller in scale, they are still great quality, but that are cheaper than some of the best sellers that we've gotten accustomed selling. Also, just in terms of our stores and the whole experience, we know that new customers are usually attracted to the brand by lower price points. You don't often wake up in the morning and the first time you go to brand, buy a bed. You might go in buy a candle or a decorative item. So the holiday season in particular is a very important time of year to bring new customers in through smaller ticket items. And if you go to our stores, and I hope you do, you'll see that we have a lot of great gifts, we have a beautiful plaid collection and a paisley collection. And we have not just the textiles, we have a lot of scent and home decor in those categories that is both beautiful but also positioned to attract new customers. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Matt Fassler with Goldman Sachs. 
Matthew Fassler: So I guess, my question, my primary question relates to operating margin in the fourth quarter last year. If I'm not mistaken, your operating margin was around 14%. And so far this year, your margin has been down very mildly, kind of anywhere from 1 to 21 basis points, and kind of in the middle there in the third quarter. In the fourth quarter, your revenue guidance isn't really worse than what you noted in Q3 -- what you experienced in Q3 in terms of comparable brand revenue. But it seems like the implied EBIT margin decline is greater. So if you could please talk about what's leading that to happen? Which line item is more stubborn, whether it's fixed cost or whether it's promotional pressure to get those sales? What's factoring into your thought process there? 
Julie Whalen: Matt, this is Julie. I'll take that. So a couple of things. First of all, when we gave guidance last time from the implied Q4 perspective, it was already implied that margins will be down for the fourth quarter but to walk you kind of through it, there is an impact to the revenue guidance depending on where you believe will come out, in that range, and obviously it causes you to deleverage occupancy and some of the fixed costs more so, but really a couple of things that are in play is the incremental investments in e-marketing, and we also are investing in supply chain labor to better serve our customers this holiday season. As you recall, you have to really attract, train and retain some of the best in this holiday season in order to serve the customer and it's getting more and more competitive to get those people. So we are going for it and so there's a little bit of an investment there. Also, we believe that it's going to be a promotional environment and probably more promotional than it's been. We have seen that the customer is shopping later and later and there's a lot of retailers that haven't had very good results. They've got a lot of extra inventory and they've got to get rid of it in a very short time period. So we were also counting on a little bit of some promotional pressure. Also, though, we still will have the supply chain benefits rolling through. They have less of an impact when it's on our largest quarter. And so we don't have as much of an ability to offset as we have in the past. And so I think those are some of the biggest puts and takes there. 
Operator: We'll continue on to Christopher Horvers with JPMorgan. 
Christopher Horvers: I wanted to follow up on Matt's questions. Talking about the confidence in your sales outlook, you said a few things that perked my interest. So comps deteriorated sequentially from 2Q to 3Q despite an easier compare but yet you're sort of implying that, at the midpoint, it's going to be better. You mentioned that October for the home furnishings brands, which I would assume includes Pottery Barn, outperformed the industry. So what was the industry performance in October? Are you benchmarking against the census retail sales data? And then related to that, you did mention the election, you do have a high income customer base that tends to sit on the coasts. So is it our interpretation that November is off to a choppier start given what's gone on in the world? 
Julie Whalen: Chris, I'll take that, that's Julie. As far as October, the data that just came out showed that it was down, I think, negative 1.7 and that's that NAICS 442, I believe, that is home furnishings industry. And so we specifically called that out in the script, because I think a couple of things. We typically, as you know, don't give color throughout the quarter because we are working on specific initiatives with Pottery Barn and we saw that these trends sequentially improved, so much so that when we saw the results of the home furnishing industry relative to our home furnishings brand and the fact that we outperformed, give us a lot of confidence in the long-term for our Pottery Barn brand. So I thought it was important to tell you that. Secondly, I think you're picking up on the clues that we're saying about the timing of when we're giving guidance. Obviously, there is a -- we believe every retailer is going through, whether they're discussing it or not, there's a little bit of a time period where there are cautious consumers as a result of the election and so it's a difficult time to set guidance. With that said, we also have a little bit of an easier compare year-over-year. And so when you look at Q4 last year, we were at a 0.8 versus last Q3, it was a 4.5. So it's a different hurdle to get over. The way we set the guidance, which I'm sure you guys can do your own math and figure out, is, basically, at the low end of the negative 1 is sort of holding it relatively close to where our 1-year trend is for Q3 and at the high end at 4, it's holding it relatively close, slight improvement to the 2-year trend relative to Q3. And we think at this time, that is the right guidance to provide. 
Operator: And we'll go to Greg Melich with Evercore ISI. 
Gregory Melich: I had a quick follow-up on that one and my real question was about inventory. Did I get that right, Julie, that your sales in October were better than negative 1.7 or better than positive 1.7? 
Julie Whalen: The industry, in my recollection, is a negative 1.7 so I'm saying that we outperformed the industry in October. 
Alan Rifkin: Better than that in the home furnishing brands? 
Julie Whalen: Correct. 
Chris Weng: Right. So then what I really want to talk about was inventory. Looks like you're down a little over 3% year-over-year. And I know you, Laura, went through a lot of the things you've done on the merchandising front to get positioned for holiday. And I remember from last quarter, you talked about not having enough, I think, opening price point items or maybe not marketing to that enough. Could you help us, give us an update on where we are with that in the context of inventory being less now than it was last year? Are you where you want to be? Is it the right inventory? Is it not enough? Is it -- have we shifted to that [indiscernible] 
Laura Alber: I would tell you we're never going to be where we want to be because inventory is one of the most difficult things retailers do. We've made a lot of improvements and we still see tons of opportunity in the future. What we've done is we've reduced our overstocks substantially versus last year and that's allowed us to better serve our customers because we can more quickly, efficiently get to what they've purchased versus carrying and storing a bunch of things that aren't selling and that's been really positive. We've also, as you know, regionalized at the same time, which on the one hand makes things more complicated for inventory management. On the other hand it's better for your customer. So we're balancing that. And then at the same time, within each brand there's different strategies and so what I've talked about in terms of lower price points is not really an inventory in-stock opportunity, it's more of mix of what you're carrying and so it's really important in all these home furnishings businesses to have a great combination of considered purchase and also traffic drivers and things that allow customers to have a piece of the brand without spending $2,000. And so in terms of the cash and carry that you see in our stores and the lower ticket, we're in pretty good stock position going into the holidays. There are some pockets of things, as there always will be, it's a high-class problem of where you have oversold and you're chasing inventory. I guess the good news, bad news is that we have quite a few pockets of those in Pottery Barn. The big opportunity for us to better predict those items in the future and these are the things we've been chasing since the beginning of Q3, so we expect to be able to get them in at the very least at the end of Q4, if not the very beginning of Q1 and then once you're in stock, these cycles on these best sellers last longer than they do in apparel so we should see our in-stock go up next year as we get -- as we catch up with these best sellers. 
Gregory Melich: So just to make sure, I've got to write that down, through [ph] inventory, you're comfortable with where you are now with that, but we might see that actually go up a little bit as we get ready for Q1? 
Julie Whalen: That's not really what I was implying. 
Gregory Melich: Okay. So the down 3% in inventory, now that we're there... 
Julie Whalen: I think, you can look at a total number but really, the quality of the inventory is by brand and there's a lot of things going on. We said -- what we said is that we're going to grow inventory slower than sales and who knows how low you can go and be in stock at the same time. But it's not just about taking inventory down, it's also about being in stock. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Peter Benedict with Robert Baird. 
Peter Benedict: I had a question, just on the fleet optimization efforts that Laura, you had mentioned. Just, can you give us a sense of maybe what really is working in some of these remodels? And what, potentially, could be the pace of remodel effort as you look into next year? 
Laura Alber: Sure. Like anything else, we're very measured about looking at ROI and so -- in each of our brands I've mentioned new [indiscernible]. So particularly in the brands with a more mature fleet, Williams-Sonoma and Pottery Barn. And so you saw in Williams-Sonoma bring in a new look at Ponce, a new look at South Coast Plaza last year, those worked and that's what all new stores are getting. And then we're doing selective remodels and that's what I mentioned early in my script, where we're really reading the results of those remodels to make sure we get our investment back and we're going to continue through the balance this year and get through holiday and then make an assessment for next year. Same approach for Pottery Barn except we have a bit of a different test going on. We have the full remodel like we did in Corte Madera and some other locations. But then we also have these mini refreshes and we just tried 4 more of those to see if we can't give the stores a bit of a paint job and some other new fixturing pieces and have them look really fresh and new without doing a full remodel. So we're really reading the results too early to come out and say how many we're going to do next year but we're pleased, very pleased with our initial results. 
Operator: And we'll continue on to Brad Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Bradley Thomas: Hoping to ask about international and how that's been affecting profitability of the business and then, well, it may be a little bit early and you might not want to give comments on 2017, any puts, takes you might highlight in terms of investments such as international or supply chain as we think about 2017? 
Julie Whalen: Brad, it's Julie, to give you an update on global and where we are, it grew -- just so you guys know, you'll see it in the Q, obviously, it grew 3.5% in total to about $83 million. We did specifically call out, though, you'll see in the script, that our company-owned, our owned stores and our owned websites did phenomenally well during the quarter. Strong double digits and we continue to see that. And so it's really exciting. From a profitability perspective, at the same time, the loss that we incur on the company-owned stores has come down by half and so we're making considerable progress there. We are profitable in total and have been all year. From a margin perspective, profitability, because there was less franchise revenue, you saw less of an impact on the gross margin but obviously, that is accretive to the op margin so there was an impact on the bottom, but the net result you should take from it is it's going very strong and it's improving profitability as we continue to move through the years. Regarding 2017, yes, we're not prepared today to give any future outlook on '17. 
Operator: And Dan Binder with Jefferies, please go ahead. 
Daniel Binder: Just wanted to ask you a question on the promotional environment. Obviously, it's been pretty promotional, I was just curious, when you look at what seems to be resonating with customers, are they the same things that were before? How is that changing? And then curious how your friends and family promotion went recently. I saw you had extended it a couple of days. 
Laura Alber: We haven't seen any pullback in the promotional environment. As Julie said, we think, in fact because of some people having more inventory than they like, that it could get more promotional. The customers are just smart. They're looking for the best value but not at the expense of quality. And we have also tested some different shipping offers because we want to see if they're more price-sensitive to shipping versus total price and we haven't come to any conclusion on that yet. But we know that customers are definitely interested in the best price they can get. And what we feel great about is that our exclusive design capabilities, direct sourcing advantages allows us to deliver outstanding quality at a great value. 
Daniel Binder: If I could just ask a related question, you talked about the merchandise margins only being down slightly. When you look across the brand portfolio, is that the case across each brand? Or is there big differences when you look at each brand? 
Julie Whalen: We don't really give it by brand but I wouldn't say there's much difference across. 
Operator: We have time for one more question. We'll go to Budd Bugatch with Raymond James. 
Budd Bugatch: Just if you could give us an update on Braselton, how that's operating? And maybe what that impact has been to improve deliveries and where you've seen that? 
Julie Whalen: Thanks for the question. Braselton has been a great addition to our company. As Laura said in her script, that it's about 75% full and it's reducing freight costs and, even more importantly, it's getting our goods to our customers 3 to 5 days quicker. So it's been a huge win for our company. 
Laura Alber: Our team's done a great job there. So while we have the question, I just want to do a shout out to the Atlanta team, Braselton team for doing a wonderful job serving our customers there. 
Daniel Binder: When do you think it will be full? And what do you think it will impact on -- how will it impact margins or how will we see it in the financials? 
Julie Whalen: As we continue to move through 2017, we'll expect it will get a little fuller. Obviously, we don't want to be at 100%.  That's not necessarily the target you want, you want to have a little bit capacity room within the DC, so shooting for 85 to 90 or something like that. And we're already seeing the benefits, so obviously as we continue to get a little bit more full with having less freight costs and quicker shipping delivery times, we'll see that benefit continue to grow as we move through 2017. 
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I'll now turn the conference back over to Ms. Alber for any additional or closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: Well I want to say thank you all for your interest and your support, and as Julie said, happy holidays. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, again that does conclude today's conference. Thank you all again, for your participation.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma Inc. Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. And I would now like to turn the call over to Beth Potillo-Miller, Senior Vice President, Finance and Corporate Treasurer, to discuss non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking statements. Please go ahead. 
Beth Potillo-Miller: Thank you, Matt. Good afternoon. This call should be considered in conjunction with the press release that we issued earlier today. Our discussion will contain non-GAAP guidance, including non-GAAP EPS and operating margin, which excludes the impact of unusual business events. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and our explanation of why the non-GAAP financial measures may be useful are discussed in our press release.
 During the first quarter of 2016, we incurred a onetime reorganization charge related to the reduction of headcount, primarily in our corporate functions of approximately $13 million or $0.09 per diluted share. This charge was recorded as SG&A expense within the unallocated segment. The remainder of the discussion today will reference full year guidance related to EPS and operating margin on a non-GAAP basis, excluding this unusual item.
 This call also contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, trends, guidance, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2016 and beyond and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company's current press releases and SEC filings, including the most recent 10-K and 10-Q, for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call.
 I would now like to turn the conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer, to discuss our second quarter 2016 results. 
Laura Alber: Thank you, Beth. Good afternoon, and thank you all for joining us. On the call with me today is Julie Whalen, our Chief Financial Officer; and John Strain, our Chief Digital and Technology officer. John joined in 2006 as Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer and was promoted to his current position in 2014. Welcome to the call, John.
 Not on the call today is Pat Connolly, who most of you know after 37 years at Williams-Sonoma, retired last month. I want to reiterate my deepest thanks to Pat on behalf of our management team and all of our associates for his many contributions to the company. Our executive team isn't like that of most ides [ph] with an average of more than 10 years at the company and several of us with much more. So we've all worked together very closely for a very long time and couldn't be happier to see our colleague, Pat, begin his well-deserved retirement.
 Now I'll discuss the second quarter. In the second quarter, we delivered revenue growth of 2.8% and earnings per share of $0.58. These second quarter results once again reflect our competitive advantages, a portfolio of strong brands, a balanced multi-channel model, successful growth initiatives and a relentless focus on operational improvements.
 West Elm, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham and our global business had strong year-over-year growth, and our improved supply chain execution contributed to our earnings results. We made substantial progress against our operational initiatives, which helps elevate our customer service levels, reduce costs and drive down merchandise inventory.
 We also continue to make progress across all of our brands in the area of corporate sustainability. One example of our company's commitment to responsibly sourced products is that West Elm was just recognized as one of Fortune's 7 world changing companies to watch for its pledge to make 40% of its product assortments Fair Trade Certified by 2019. We believe our values differentiate us and that the customers care about how their products are made and we will continue to lead in this area.
 Despite this progress on our strategic initiative, the retail environment has softened since we last talked, and our sales are being impacted by a more cautious consumer. While we are confident in our long-term strategies across the company, we believe it is prudent to modify our outlook for the remainder of the year. Julie will provide more details about our guidance later on the call.
 As always, our focus is on what we can control, which includes our supply chain and inventory initiatives delivering innovative products at the best value. Our marketing strategy is to increase new customer acquisition and enhancing the retail experience.
 Let me first talk to you about our supply chain initiatives. Our supply chain has been one of our core focus areas and for good reason. We believe it's critical -- it's a critical component of the customer experience and ensuring customer loyalty. And it's also one of the biggest cost drivers and areas of potential opportunity for any large tier furniture retailer. 
 We're happy to report that our efforts in logistics are resulting in improved customer metrics and have reduced our costs. We're seeing significant improvements in 3 key areas. First, we've reduced the number of deliveries per order and increased on-time deliveries. We're being more accurate on our promises and more efficient in our deliveries. All this is resulting in improved service levels and reduced escalation calls to our care center. And with several projects lined up to provide further improvements to customer order visibility, we are confident that this trend will continue.
 Also contributing to shorter delivery times is our new Southeastern distribution center in Georgia, which is now approximately 50% full and is shipping approximately 40% of our Southeastern volume. Delivery time for customers in this region have improved by 3 to 5 days and as inventory levels ramp up in this facility, the fulfillment percentage will grow with further improvements in delivery time and service levels as well as reduced freight costs.
 Second, we're seeing similar improvements on the inventory side. We have reduced queue counts by double-digit percentages and total merchandise inventory by 6.6% versus Q2 of last year. These reductions are driving efficiencies throughout the supply chain, enabling us to achieve faster customer order fulfillment. With the continuous execution of our inventory initiatives, inventory has been more effectively regionalized. So we are seeing fewer out-of-market shipments, reducing our freight-out expense, decreasing our in-transit damages and reducing customer delivery times.
 And third, our operations teams have made impressive progress streamlining the returns process and injecting more lean manufacturing principles into our upholstery manufacturing operations in America. Our focus on continuous improvement in these areas is illustrative of our passion for being effective and efficient operators.
 We have been relentless in our search of further optimization opportunities, and a path to continued improvement in our supply chain has never been more clear. We believe that our approach is working, and we look forward to further executing against our objectives.
 In March, I spoke with you about how we would transform our marketing. One key area of focus is digital innovation. We're seeing a transition in the marketplace that plays into our strengths and competitive advantages. We have advanced multi-dimensional attribution models that guide our investments, and it has led us to surgically cut our catalog circulations to rebalance and to optimize our investments into digital channels as they continue to evolve. As a result, digital marketing has become our largest investment channel, outpacing our catalog and store-based marketing investments. Furthermore, because of our portfolio of strong brands with large and diverse user bases, we are uniquely positioned to continue to acquire customers profitably without chasing our competitors with unprofitable investments.
 A big part of our digital story is our innovation. Our proprietary modeling, based on customer profiles and interactions, drives our ability to target audiences more effectively and profitably. We know that relevant marketing drives engagement with targeted audiences converting at 3x out of non-targeted audiences at half the cost. The breadth, depth and detail in our house file [ph] provide us with a material advantage, and we are partnering with great companies to help to advance and take advantage of emerging personalization capabilities for custom segmentation and targeting.
 Another part of the transition towards digital is the growth of our mobile channel. Across our brands, our mobile traffic is substantially up as is our conversion. Specifically, we have focused on functionality and ease-of-use improvements to our mobile sites in the areas of checkout, registry and furniture buying.
 I'd also like to update you today on the progress we have made around our strategy to enhance the retail experience. Our stores are one of our most powerful marketing tools and one of our most important competitive advantages. The ability to physically experience our products allows our customers to know and trust our brands and make better shopping decisions.
 Importantly, our largest source of new customers comes from our stores. Our store is an important driver to sales across both the retail and e-commerce channels. Therefore, we know that our stores need to be in relevant locations and need to provide our customers with great shopping experiences. As retail traffic has declined and customer shopping patterns continue to shift, we are focusing on enhancing the retail experience. And as a result, we are selectively investing in transformative store remodels to make our stores more of a destination and to drive profitable results.
 In Pottery Barn, we have just opened 2 fully remodeled stores, 1 in South Coast Plaza in Costa Mesa and 1 in Corte Madera, California. The results from these store openings have been quite positive. We also recently opened 2 mini remodeled stores, which are also very successful. In addition to substantially higher comps, we're very encouraged to see growth in the e-commerce sales in the surrounding areas as well. While early, we will continue to monitor results, and we plan to test 4 mini remodels in the back half of this year. And as always, we are very diligent in our real estate investments, and will use the results of these tests in planning our strategy for additional remodels next year.
 In Williams-Sonoma, we're also experiencing great results with our new store formats. In the second quarter, we opened 2 stores, 1 new store in Minnetonka, Minnesota and a fully remodeled store in San Diego, California. During the third quarter, we'll be opening 4 new stores, all of which have Williams-Sonoma Home collections.
 In addition, we're also actively reviewing our fleet, looking at store locations that are underperforming, that are undesirable due the mall deterioration, excessive rent escalations or other market conditions, and we are potentially repositioning them. We see great opportunity to optimize our retail fleet. We are aggressively pursuing all avenues.
 Now I'd like to highlight the key results within our brand portfolio, beginning with the Pottery Barn brand. Pottery Barn comp brand revenues declined 4.8% in the second quarter. Product categories that performed well in the quarter included upholstered and outdoor furniture where our new product introductions were well received. Underperforming categories were fashion bedding and indoor pillows. Our business was also negatively impacted by softness we saw on decorative accessories and tabletops.
 In addition, Pottery Barn, as our largest brand and with the widest customer base, is most impacted by a softening environment and declining mall traffic. To maintain our growth and leadership position as consumer spending habits change, it is critical to strengthen our approach to acquiring new customers. We're going after this aggressively, and we are seeing improved trends in customer acquisitions. We have initiatives to support this focus, including providing more exciting, accessible products in easy-entry categories, digital and marketing innovation and making improvements in our stores.
 We're in the midst of transforming our marketing mix to focus on new customer acquisition, refining our catalog pages and circulation and investing in the most efficient e-marketing tactics. We are increasingly developing content and creative assets to engage and convert customer on new platforms, including Instagram, Pinterest, Facebook and YouTube.
 In addition, we have several other key opportunities that we are focused on that provide a clear path to growth, these opportunities on the categories of brand aesthetic and product development, our value proposition and the retail experience. We have been conducting extensive brand and customer research both internally and with an external third party. Although not yet finalized, this work has validated our aesthetic direction and strategies.
 Our sales in new product information -- introduction, further confirm we are on the right path. In July, we launched our new fall product collections and Healthy Home initiative with increased assortments of responsibly sourced products, including organic textiles, reclaimed wood furniture and recycled glass lighting and accents. We supported and augmented these launches with content marketing, decorating tips and ideas.
 Resulting demand for our new products in upholstery, bedroom, dining and home office has been strong. One of the key differentiators of our upholstery is that the majority of it is manufactured by skilled craftspeople in United States in our own North Carolina factory. The in-sourcing of our upholstery manufacturing allows us to ensure a consistent high level of quality from raw material selection to construction.
 And looking towards the balance of the year, we've been extremely aggressive about ensuring the product that we have on order in Pottery Barn is consistent with what our customer is looking for from us. In fact, we have more bestsellers in our new fall furniture assortments than last year, and we are aggressively chasing reorders.
 In Pottery Barn, value is the foundation of all of our product strategies, and it is driven by both price and by differentiation in products and services. We are focusing on -- our offerings in accessible product categories that are important for customer acquisition and inspire our customers to convert. Additionally, we're adding more opening price points across all categories, including in furniture, making more products affordable to a broader base of consumers.
 Our direct sourcing advantage allows us to work with our vendors and designers to get more value to our customers. And when it comes to price and shipping, we know our customers are very savvy, and they look at the total cost. We have a great opportunity in messaging our quality, value and differentiation to the customer and are making improvements in our communication and marketing to highlight our unique products and services.
 In retail, we are focused on customer experience and store design. We are offering differentiated services, the hallmark of which is our free in-home design service. And as we discussed before, we're also rolling out our successful to our models of the future.
 Moving to Pottery Barn Kids. Second quarter comp brand revenues were up slightly to last year. Strength in our furniture and back-to-school businesses was offset by softness in the textiles category. Growth in our furniture business was driven by innovation in nursery and bedroom. Customers are responding to our new collection with rich complex finishes and functional design. During the quarter, we launched our biggest ever back-to-school collection featuring high-quality personalized gear and new solutions for eco-friendly, waste-free lunch storage.
 Looking ahead, we are focused on driving growth in the PB Kids brand through several key initiatives. We are committed to quality. Pottery Barn Kids stands for timeless design and superior quality at a compelling value. Our commitment to quality ensures that our furniture is crafted of high-grade materials and is tested to rigorous safety standards. We pride ourselves in furniture that is built to be passed down to generations, and we will demonstrate in our marketing how favorably our standards compare to many competitors that take shortcuts with low-grade materials and poor construction.
 We'll also continue to grow our commitment to building a healthy home and appeal to increased customer demand for product that is good for children and good for the planet. We're aggressively expanding our offering of organic bedding and GREENGUARD-certified furniture. And beginning later this year, we'll deepen our support of the vendor community by being the first children's home furnishings retailer to launch Fair-Trade-Certified products.
 We celebrate the memories and milestones of childhood. We are encouraged by the strong initial response to our new Halloween collection, and we will continue to delight our customers as we celebrate the holidays with new seasonal decor and high-quality gifts that inspire imaginative play. We're placing a heightened focus on gift giving year round, highlighting our proprietary personalized gifts for babies and kids.
 Moving to PBteen. In the second quarter, comp brand revenues declined 5.2%. Sales in the textile category were especially challenging, and in-stock levels in other areas of the business hampered results. To address these inventory issues, we brought in new leadership in inventory management, and we expect to be in stock by the end of the year.
 During the quarter, we did see favorable results from our expanded back-to-school focus. Innovation in the gear category and evolution of our dorm assortment coupled with robust marketing support produced growth. Product collaborations continue to be an important strategy, and we're seeing exceptional response to our latest Emily & Meritt collection.
 Through the balance of the year and 2017, we're committed to growing the business through the following 3 strategies: We're focused on product innovation across our core categories. In addition to our core textile and furniture businesses, we are focused on providing inspirational decorative solutions across the life stages of teens, including tweens, teen and dorm. As customers' need to change across life stages, it is our objective to offer product with great teen function, providing new reasons to purchase.
 We're also committed to increasing our value proposition, and we are broadening our opening price point offerings. We believe that this will be an important strategy for new customer growth and retention, and we are encouraged by the improvement that we saw in new customer growth in the second quarter.
 We're also deepening our brand awareness efforts, leveraging other internal brands to promote the PBteen brand and focusing our marketing strategies to communicate our brand values and improved customer acquisition. In PBteen, we market to parents, teens and young adults. While we leverage our existing marketing strategies for the parent, there are a number of digital-only tactics we use to capture the increasing purchase influence of the youth audience, including Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and Snapchat.
 Stores have also been an important part of customer growth and awareness, and we have expanded the brand's retail footprint and are testing new store concepts with innovative store design, merchandising and collaboration shop in shops. We recently opened 2 new stores in Jacksonville, Florida and San Diego. The San Diego location is our largest store in United States, and we'll offer fun, creative ways for our customers to design their ultimate bedroom, study space, lounge and dorm room.
 In summary, across the Pottery Barn brands, we are confident in our long-term strategies for growth. Through the remainder of this year and into 2017, we have a road map of exciting product introductions, market collaborations and new store tests every single quarter, and we will leave no stones unturned.
 Moving on to Williams-Sonoma. In the second quarter, Williams-Sonoma comp brand revenues were flat. We saw gains in cookware, particularly our Williams-Sonoma-branded products as well as strong growth in Williams-Sonoma Home. These strengths, however, were offset by softness in food, electrics and cook tools.
 During the second quarter, we also made progress in the execution of our growth strategies in Williams-Sonoma, including delivering the best product at the best value, growing Williams-Sonoma Home, increasing our online business, enhancing the retail experience and aggressively acquiring new customers. From a product perspective, we continue to increase our offering of Williams-Sonoma-branded product, including the introductions of our exclusive professional copper cookware and our own high-quality affordable glassware collection. We're expanding our Open Kitchen line with new products and affordable electrics and bakeware. We continue to see growth in exclusive products from our strategic vendors, and we'll be launching new products through the remainder of the year.
 In May, we launched a new partnership with Fortnum & Mason, one of England's oldest and most iconic retailers, offering a curated collection of more than 35 items, including Fortnum & Mason's signature artisanal teas, preserves, biscuits and hampers. This exclusive partnership is Fortnum & Mason's first foray into the United States with a national retailer.
 Williams-Sonoma Home delivered strong growth in the quarter online and especially at retail. We added Williams-Sonoma Home products to 6 stores during the quarter, and we'll add it to another 4 in Q3 for a total of 30 installations.
 Our e-commerce business in Williams-Sonoma has been the principal driver of brand growth. We continue to see additional opportunities to drive the growth of our online business by directing more of our marketing spend to digital, strengthening our content messaging, improving on-site conversion, optimizing our mobile experience and expanding our DTC advantaged product offerings.
 From a marketing perspective, we remain focused on customer acquisition. Our registry program is growing double digit as these are multipronged approach in product marketing and customer outreach. We're also engaging with existing and potential new customers in multiple venues. For the second year in a row, Williams-Sonoma presented the Culinary Stage at BottleRock, Napa Valley, where chefs and celebrities entertained the audiences with culinary-themed performance, including a drum set constructed of cookware. And we recently announced a 9-city Culinary Mystery Tour with Christopher Kimball, founder of Milk Street Kitchen. The show will include tastings for the audience, cooking and live science demonstrations and offers an evening for guests to share their cooking challenges and memories with Mr. Kimball.
 At retail, we continue to focus on the customer experience, our new store management tools and reengineered processes. And as I mentioned earlier, our new store models are working, and we'll be rolling them out in the future.
 Finally, we're happy to announce Williams-Sonoma's fifth annual fundraising campaign benefiting the No Kid Hungry program, a national film profit organization working to end childhood hunger in the United States. Over the past 5 years, Williams-Sonoma has helped raised $1.7 million to support No Kid Hungry, which equates to 17 million meals served to children in need across the nation. This year, we hope to raise $1.5 million through our fundraising efforts, which will include customer donations both in-store, online, store events, corporate fundraising and limited-edition products such as the incredibly popular celebrity-designed spatulas where 40% -- 30% of the proceeds benefit No Kid Hungry.
 Moving to West Elm. For the second quarter, West Elm comp brand revenues increased by 15.8% over last year's 15.7%, another quarter of double-digit growth. All major product categories posted significant gains, particularly in our core furniture business. Results were driven by new introductions across our indoor furniture category as well as overall strength in our outdoor furniture.
 In the second quarter, West Elm opened 2 new stores in the United States, 1 in Boise, Idaho and the other in San Antonio, Texas. Each site was carefully selected in areas where West Elm can play a contributing role to urban renewal and redevelopment. Like each of our stores, these new locations include a rich assortment of local products from area makers and designers. We have plans for 5 new stores in the months of August and September, most notably the move of West Elm's first store on Front & Main to the home of the brand's new headquarters across the street in the historic Empire Stores building in Brooklyn. This location marks West Elm's 100th store, a fitting milestone for the neighborhood the brand has called home since its inception in 2002.
 In July, West Elm announced a new partnership with a sleep company, Casper. West Elm is Casper's exclusive retail store partner with dedicated sleep areas in each of its locations. This relationship is off to a strong start in the first 2 months.
 In the commercial furniture industry, West Elm Workspace marked the end of its first year in June with a strong showing at NeoCon, the industry's leading trade show. West Elm Workspace filed its inaugural campaign where it won the prestigious Best of NeoCon Award with recognition from both Metropolis Magazine and Interior Design at this year's show. West Elm Workspace is poised for a second strong year as it continues to build momentum in the office furniture market.
 Whether at home or at work, West Elm continues to have a meaningful impact on its customers' everyday lives. We have a number of exciting initiatives on our road map that we believe will grow West Elm to be our largest brand over time, and we look forward to updating on the progress throughout the remainder of the year.
 In our global business and our newer businesses, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham, we also continue to see strong growth. During the second quarter, our global business delivered strong results, growing revenues 20% by executing on our key growth and profit improvement strategies. Sustained focus on operational excellence along with the growth in our company-owned retail and e-commerce operations in Australia and the U.K. has resulted in further cost structure leverage and improved profitability in each of these markets.
 In the quarter, our franchise growth was fueled by the opening of 7 stores in Mexico, which solidified our presence in the country. Planned new stores in the Mexico and the Middle East in the second half of the year will help maintain our growth across multiple geographies. We continue to actively engage with top retailers in key markets and plan to announce new partnerships later this year. Additionally, our U.K.-based John Lewis partnership is executing as planned with the opening of 3 new stores in the second quarter, and we are on track now to be in a total of net 9 retail locations by the end of this year.
 Our Rejuvenation brand continued its strong double-digit growth in the second quarter, driven by expansion into new categories of the home as we broaden our offerings around our core high-quality foundational lighting and hardware. During the quarter, we launched our first bedroom collection with a comprehensive product line, including lighting, furniture, beddings and rugs across multiple aesthetics, including our fast growing Northwest Modern line.
 We also launched into the home office space with strong results across multiple categories. Our new Chicago store in Lincoln Park is set to open in November, and we're excited to directly connect with the customers we've built up over 40 years in that market.
 We're focused on our domestic sourcing strategy and continue to forge partnerships around the U.S. with companies with a heritage of craftsmanship. We believe our opportunity across all of our categories is to provide the core functional and timeless elements of our customer's home, whether in lighting, hardware or furniture.
 Now I'd like to talk about Mark and Graham. Mark and Graham's growth in the second quarter was driven by classic personal accessories and gifts at affordable prices. Revenue was also driven by new key categories, including picnic, travel solutions, golf solutions, games and flags. Mark and Graham continues to help customers celebrate milestones throughout the year. We experienced success in key item Father's Day gifting by offering a marketing campaign that was heartfelt and relatable.
 Year-to-date, our success has been driven by continuing to focus on classic and preppy affordable key items that are innovative and unique. Looking ahead, we believe that offering affordable, customizable luxury across diverse product categories will continue to drive the growth of this brand. Together, these 2 businesses, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham, grew 32% in the second quarter, and we see substantial opportunity for future growth. 
 In summary, we remain intently focused on strengthening and growing our brands, further differentiating our product offerings, accessing new markets, driving continuous improvement in our supply chain and improving our service levels. We continue to see confirmation that the major initiatives positioning us for long-term success are working. We expect softening retail traffic to be an ongoing challenge, so we'll continue to drive growth in our e-commerce channel where we already have competitive advantages that we will continue to optimize. We have the infrastructure, strategies and team in place to succeed and are confident in the long-term prospects of our company. I look forward to updating you next quarter on our progress.
 I will now turn the call over to Julie to discuss our Q2 results in more detail and the guidance for the remainder of the year. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon, everyone. Before I walk you through the second quarter financial results in more detail, I would like to begin with a few second quarter financial and operational highlights. We are particularly pleased with the progress we have made on our long-term initiatives and the impact of these initiatives on our financial statements. First, our focus and disciplined execution against our long-term growth initiatives are driving quarter-after-quarter top and bottom line growth. West Elm, which we believe will be our largest brand over time, delivered their 26th consecutive quarter of double-digit profitable growth with comparable brand revenue growth of 15.8% on top of 15.7% last year. Our newer businesses, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham combined, had another quarter of double-digit growth approximately 32%. In our global business, we also saw improved profitability and another quarter of double-digit revenue growth of approximately 20%, taking our global revenues to $80 million for the second quarter.
 Second, we have made progress on our operational initiatives. Our direct sourcing advantage continues to drive material cost reductions, allowing us to provide value to our customers and still maintain merchandise margins that are only slightly down to last year. Our focus on our supply chain initiatives has generated reduced shipping and fulfillment-related costs, resulting in improved selling margins. And our inventory initiatives have already allowed us to reduce our inventory levels and to reduce costs from our distribution network.
 Finally, we are a company with a culture of strong financial discipline. We continue to leverage our SG&A with strong cost control, particularly across employment and general expenses. We maintain a strong balance sheet, which in turn have allowed us to continue to invest in our business for future growth and to provide returns to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases.
 Now I would like to discuss in more detail our second quarter results. For the second quarter, net revenues increased 2.8% to $1,159,000,000 with comparable brand revenues increasing 0.6% on top of 6.3% last year. The strength in West Elm and our newer businesses was partially offset primarily by the 4.8% decline we saw in the Pottery Barn brand. The strong growth in our global business and our newer non-comp West Elm stores drove total revenue growth to exceed our comparable brand revenue growth by 220 basis points.
 Net revenues in our e-commerce channel grew 5.2% to $600 million or 51.7% of total company net revenues, 110 basis point increase over last year. This e-commerce growth was driven by the continued strength in West Elm as well as in Williams-Sonoma, whose strategy to aggressively pursue strong e-commerce growth is clearly working.
 Our retail channel net revenues increased 0.4% to $559 million in the second quarter. Strong growth in West Elm as well as growth in our global business was partially offset by the general weakness we saw across our U.S. retail store base primarily from an overall decline in nationwide mall traffic.
 Gross margin for the second quarter was 35.4% versus 36.1% last year. The 70 basis points of gross margin deleverage was largely driven by occupancy deleverage of 40 basis points. Occupancy costs were $165 million in the second quarter of 2016 as compared to $156 million in the second quarter of 2015. The remaining 30 basis points of deleverage was primarily due to higher franchise and wholesale revenues, which are dilutive to gross margin but accretive to the operating margin. Excluding the impact of the higher franchise and wholesale revenues, our selling margins were essentially flat. This is a testament to all of the positive financial contributions, our efforts in our supply chain and inventory initiatives are providing.
 SG&A for the second quarter was 28.2% of net revenues in 2016 versus 28.7% in 2015. The 50 basis point improvement primarily resulted from employment leverage and lower overall general expenses from strong financial discipline. The improvement in our employment cost was primarily a result of the corporate reorganization that we implemented during the first quarter.
 Operating margin for the second quarter was 7.2% versus 7.4% in the second quarter of 2015. By channel, the operating margin in the e-commerce channel was 22.1% versus 21.5% in 2015. The 60 basis point improvement in operating margin was driven by higher gross margins primarily due to improved year-over-year shipping and fulfillment-related costs as a result of our focus on all of our supply chain and inventory initiatives. This was partially offset by an increase in SG&A, driven by higher advertising costs from incremental e-marketing investments as a result of our increased focus on new customer acquisition.
 The operating margin in the retail channel was 5.9% versus 7.3% in 2015. This decline in operating margin primarily resulted from lower gross margins from lower selling margins and occupancy deleverage from lower overall retail revenue growth. The selling margins were particularly impacted by our decision to more aggressively liquidate less productive SKUs and aged inventory to our retail outlets as part of our supply chain and inventory initiatives. Selling margins were also impacted by higher franchise revenues. The gross margin decline was partially offset by SG&A leverage primarily from lower employment costs; from strong financial discipline as well as cost leverage throughout SG&A from higher franchise revenues.
 Corporate unallocated expenses as a percentage of net revenues were 7.1% in the second quarter, flat to 2015. As a result, second quarter 2016 diluted earnings per share was $0.58 versus $0.58 last year, which included an approximate $0.03 benefit from a reduced tax rate.
 On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with a cash balance of $111 million after investing an additional $50 million in our business during the quarter and returning $69 million to stockholders through share repurchases and dividends.
 Merchandise inventories at $963 million decreased 6.6% compared to Q2 2015. This is the first year-over-year decrease we have had since the recessionary time period and reflects our commitment to drive inventory levels below sales growth. Our inventory initiatives are driving substantially reduced inventory levels as well as improved efficiencies in our supply chain.
 I would now like to discuss our third quarter and fiscal year 2016 guidance. Our guidance reflects our best estimate at this time as to the possible outcomes for the back half of the year. As we have said, we are seeing a softening retail environment. As a result, we have revised our guidance for the remainder of the year to reflect this change in trend. For the third quarter of 2016, we expect to grow net revenues to a range of $1,235,000,000 to $1,285,000,000 with comparable brand revenue growth in the range of 0 to 4%. We expect our third quarter operating margin to be relatively in line with last year, and we expect diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $0.75 to $0.80.
 For the full year, we are reducing our revenue growth by 100 basis points and our earnings per share by $0.10 on the high end of the range. As a result, we now expect to grow net revenues 2% to 5% to a range of $5,075,000,000 to $5,225,000,000 with comparable brand revenue growth in the range of 1% to 4%. We now expect operating margin to be 9.4% to 9.8%, and our diluted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $3.35 to $3.55. All other financial guidance within the press release remains unchanged from the previous guidance.
 From a capital allocation perspective, there are no changes to our plan. Given our strong balance sheet and operating cash flow, we intend to continue to make the necessary investments across our business of approximately $200 million to $220 million in capital expenditures to strengthen our competitive advantages and to support our long-term growth initiatives. And we also intend to continue to return capital to our shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends.
 In summary, we are pleased that we were able to deliver upon our second quarter financial commitments despite a challenging retail environment. We believe that our competitive advantages are driving our success. Having a portfolio of strong brands, a balanced multi-channel model, a continuous focus on operational improvement and a tenured executive team as well as a culture of strong financial discipline, and with these competitive advantages and the ongoing success of our strategic initiatives, we are confident that we will be able to drive sustainable, long-term profitable growth.
 I would now like to open up the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll move to our first question. This will be from Daniel Hofkin with William Blair & Company. 
Daniel Hofkin: Just wondering, you cited obviously the softer retail environment. Wondering how -- kind of what gives you confidence that, that's the main factor versus -- and I'm am thinking particularly about Pottery Barn here, versus internal merchandising or execution or, let's say, competitive factors. And then just a related question. How should we think about your outlook for the rest of this year in the context of your 3-year plan issued earlier this year? 
Laura Alber: Thanks, Daniel. It's mixed out there. We know mall traffic's down. Certain categories are more challenged than others. On the flip side, housing metrics appear to be strong, and we also are seeing growth in some of our smaller businesses. Our approach has always been the same. We're going to focus on things we can control, and we would prefer to be self-critical. The things we can control are our product, our value prop and our service. We're executing on our growth strategies and against our operating initiatives to drive improvements across the company, and we believe that these priorities, along with the combination of our portfolio of strong brands and our multi-channel model, will leave us well positioned amongst the competition regardless of what's going on in the external world. 
Julie Whalen: And Dan, this is Julie. Regarding the outlook -- 3-year outlook. Our 3-year outlook still remains unchanged with mid- to high single-digit revenue growth and low double-digit to mid-teens EPS growth. Obviously, in the short term for 2016, our earnings growth is guided to obviously be below that outlook, and that is both due to the revised guidance on the year resulting from the softening retail environment, but it was also due to the investments we spoke to you about last time that we're making in our supply chain and inventory. But we are confident longer term, first, by the fact that West Elm is definitely clearly on their path to $2 billion with another quarter of double-digit growth. The scaling of our global businesses that I spoke to, the improvement in our newer businesses and their continued growth and all of these supply chain and inventory initiatives that we said we were doing, we're working on for a while and clearly, now they're showing that we are executing upon them and getting the benefits from them, when all of those come together plus all the strategic initiatives that Laura mentioned on the Pottery Barn brand, we are absolutely confident in our ability to grow in the longer term. 
Operator: This time we'll take a question from Peter Benedict from Robert Baird. 
Peter Benedict: Julie, in your remarks, you kind of mentioned the gap between revenue growth in CBR in 2Q, 220 basis points. Just curious -- and that's the way it's been for the last several quarters. What would affect that going forward? Why wouldn't that gap continue as we look out to the back half of this year? 
Julie Whalen: I mean it could. In our full year guidance we do show that. We do have the revenue growth 100 basis points above the comp growth. Obviously, it just depends on the mix of revenues in any given quarter, but we've certainly reflected that in our full year. We don't -- have no belief, to answer your question, that West Elm is slowing down anytime soon, nor our global operations. So with those 2 being the big drivers of the non-comp growth, that is -- we still think that's going to continue. 
Operator: At this time, we'll move to Matt Fassler with Goldman Sachs. 
Matthew Fassler: I want to ask one question about the guidance. You spoke about the retail environment eroding, presumably, over the course of the quarter and since you last spoke to us in May. The midpoint of your comp brand guidance for the third quarter is actually a bit better than the number that you put up for Q3. So is that a function of the environment stabilizing? Is it a function of other steps you're taking? Particularly I'd ask on the promotional front to try to shore up that revenue because even though there's some deterioration, I guess, it doesn't seem like you're modeling a much softer outcome for Q3 than you saw in Q2. 
Julie Whalen: Yes. I mean, our guidance obviously, as I said, reflects our best estimate at this time, as the possible range of outcomes for the back half and for Q3. Obviously, the higher end of our range does assume improvement, and depending on the ongoing success of our growth initiatives in all the areas that we're focused on that Laura went through in detail, at the Pottery Barn brand, those should drive improvements. Obviously, we've got a range. We still have a softening retail environment. We don't know if that's 2 weeks or 2 months or what have you, so that is why we have a range of 0 to 4%. But on the upper end of that range, we do expect improvement. 
Matthew Fassler: And then just by way of very quick follow-up. Would you say, if you think about underlying demand, that you can detect within the e-commerce channel versus underlying demand, that you can track at retail particularly as it relates to traffic? Would you say that this is more of a footfall issue in brick-and-mortar stores or more of a consumer issue, broadly speaking? 
Laura Alber: I would say that it's both. In retail, there's reported reduced traffic from all the counter aggregate data you see. And then the customer's just more careful right now. And I'm not an economist, so I'm not going to go through all the reasons that can be. But our focus is on giving them incredible service and great value and innovative products. And we are testing a lot of things in both channels, and we have a lot of things that are working that we're building on. As I said earlier, particularly in Pottery Barn, we are very aggressively ordering what's working and canceling what's not and that it's really good to have new bestsellers that are really, really strong that you can build on even though you also are seeing some softness in other categories. So a little bit -- a little bit more color. And we're working across all of our channels, which do affect each other quite a lot to increase conversion and drive traffic and over the long haul, really build a much stronger, more loyal customer base. So we have a lot of initiatives. I went through them in probably too much detail in my script that are all focused on customer acquisition and driving traffic and conversion in both of our channels. 
Operator: We'll move now to David Magee with SunTrust. 
David Magee: Can you give us what -- sort of an early read on what you see with the success of the seasonal merchandise thus far? Just maybe an early read on what you have for seasonal, for the fall. 
Laura Alber: Sure, great question. It's early, and we love the seasonal holidays. They provide the customer a great reason to buy new things and decorate their homes. And I know, for me, it gives me a lot of pleasure to put up those Halloween decorations every year for the kids, and our customer's telling us the same thing. Despite what I said about the caution, we're delighted to see strong results to Halloween so far. I mean, it's really early, so I hesitate to even tell you that, but it is true. And we have incredible costumes in kids and some wonderful entertaining stories in both Williams-Sonoma and Pottery Barn and so far, so good. And following that, of course, we don't know about Christmas yet. We did see a nice back to school with kids. I mentioned that earlier. And also in teen despite the softness in other categories, the seasonal merchandise has been selling. And this is important because not only is it important for sales, obviously, in the short term, those are the categories that bring the new customers in. So you want to make sure that you're getting customers in with those things because then they're more likely to buy a sofa from you or a rug in a different life stage or when they move than they would have they'd never experienced the brand. 
Operator: We'll move now to Chris Horvers with JPMorgan. 
Christopher Horvers: So I wanted to ask a couple questions on gross margin. Can you quantify how much the inventory clearance impacted enterprise-level gross margins? And do you expect any remnant markdown pressure in the third quarter? And then I have one follow-up. 
Julie Whalen: It predominately hit the retail operating margin the most. As we've said, that we did most of the clearance through our outlook stores, which hit the retail operating margin. So you can look at the delta on the retail operating margin and come to some conclusions. We haven't disclosed the exact amount, but it was material to that margin. As far as of the guidance, I think, sure, could we still have some pressure from some of our inventory initiatives? Sure. But I think the bigger story to take away from, what I'm really pleased to be able to say is if you look at our gross margin, if you look at it sequentially, it has improved from Q4 to Q1 to Q2, and we've gone from basically holding our merch margins flat to slightly down and our selling margins, taking out global, are flat. And I think it's been a long time since I have said that. So clearly, everything we are doing from a supply chain perspective is allowing us that -- trust me, we are still promotional, so -- but we're able to be able to offset that unlike other retailers because of all these initiatives we've been tirelessly working on. It is finally coming to fruition. So I think that's the great story about the gross margin going forward. 
Christopher Horvers: That's a perfect segue to my follow-up question. So you previously had talked about improved gross margin performance in the back half. Obviously, lower comp, you have occupancy deleverage. But can you update us on your thoughts on selling margins? Will you promote more to drive the business? Will that be -- can you offset that? And then the impact of shipping and fulfillment costs, obviously, a lot of pressure from out-of-market shipping and returns of damages last year in the back half. Do we get those back now that inventories are cleaning up? 
Julie Whalen: So we're seeing all of that even today. We're getting a lot of benefits from the fulfillment-related costs that are improving as we speak. I don't expect that to change, so we should see that. To your point about occupancy, it depends on the top line, right? Occupancy, depending on where the revenues come in, can deleverage and that would affect total gross margin. Often depends on the mix of revenues from a global perspective, if you got higher franchise, all of that. So it's hard to say exactly where clearly, we don't guide it, where the margin's going to come out. But what I did say is that the op margin we expect for Q3 to be relatively in line with last year, so hopefully, that gives you some indication that we're not feeling that the gross margin's going to be changing. 
Operator: We'll move now to Greg Melich with Evercore ISI. 
Gregory Melich: I guess, I want to switch gears a little bit. If we think about the overall sales growth, the comp -- brand comp of 0.6%. And I think, Laura, in your comments, you mentioned more opening price point items being added at Pottery Barn, and I think PBteen. Could you help give us some examples on the quarter, the second quarter, as to whether ticket was actually up or down and if this is meant to help improve conversion and sort of gets to a price point that's more affordable for the consumer? Or what's really driving that decision? 
Laura Alber: Customers are savvy. As I said earlier, they know a value when they see one, including if it's a higher price point type of item. So a sofa that's a great value may be a lot more money than a candle. The truth of the matter though is that the candle, a lot more people can afford. So as I said earlier, we have to make sure that we are not just driving our furniture business but bringing in really innovative decorating and entertaining ideas into all of our brands. It's a very competitive area, so I hesitate to go through specific examples because, as you know, the competition is listening very carefully to our strategies. So I'm sorry not to give you more detail. I'll just say that there's no tricking those customers. They know a good price when they see them, and we are looking at our pricing both versus the competition but also where we cannot just stay status quo but where we can really win. And because we have better quality and they know it and we also offer a lot of service, I believe as we continue to give them innovation and that combination, we will outpace our competition. 
Gregory Melich: That's helpful. And Julie, just to follow up the gross margin question from before. I think last year, did you, sort of, mention something like 50 or 60 bps of headwind on supply chain and related to the West Coast ports and some of that? And how should we think about cycling that in terms of the second quarter and then the back half guidance? 
Julie Whalen: I don't recall that I exactly gave the amount. Probably what I did was alluded to more the fact that if the gross margin was down, it was predominantly associated with the supply chain challenges that we were -- were occurring. So we are seeing a lot of that return and come back to us as we should expect, but I think the bigger story for -- it's going to -- it's a ship you're turning around, so it takes a while. But we've seen all of it start to come back first quarter, second quarter, and it's gaining momentum. But I think the bigger story there that we have to take away is that we are now seeing opportunity to get back to even better than we've been before. And so that's what we're focused on. So we've got improvements from last year, but as we move forward, as we move through the end of the year, into subsequent years, we've got to improve it even beyond that. So that's the exciting part. 
Operator: We'll move along to Michael Lasser with UBS. 
Michael Lasser: Could you frame the margin benefit that you're seeing from all the supply chain initiatives that you've been putting in place? Also, how long can that last? And how are you thinking about, from a strategic perspective, letting those margin benefits fall to the bottom line versus reinvest them back in the promotions to drive the business? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. We haven't disclosed it, and there's different kinds of margin benefits we're getting. So from specifically from the merch margin line item, it's a lot of the sourcing benefits that we've been talking about for years. I know I've gotten the question a lot that is it going to end next quarter. Well, no, it keeps going on. So first, we started with just the reductions in actual cost vis-a-vis versus the third party and that's still continuing. But now we're moving into that second phase where we've got our employees out there, and they're actually make a difference on the raw material and the negotiation of prices. And so that's one piece of it. The other piece of it is all the supply chain initiatives that we're working that were challenges last year. So get some improvement from that but then also to move ahead from it. So I think the way I would think about it is it's the fact that we are almost -- effectively, it's only slightly down in merch margins and flat on selling margins if you take out the global impact. We were less promotional. So if you look at other retailers and see how promotional they were, you might be able to get some idea of how much benefit we are getting. And would we ever have let it drop down? I mean, of course, but at this point, we see the opportunity to continue to be aggressive and competitive and move forward. 
Operator: We'll now move to Dan Binder with Jefferies. 
Daniel Binder: Just 2 items. I was wondering if, first, you can discuss a little bit more color on the cadence of the quarter from a sales perspective. And then secondly, on the promotional environment, I'm just curious with the change in the comp momentum, what you're seeing customers -- what have they stopped responding to versus maybe what they were responding to before. 
Laura Alber: On the cadence of the comps, Julie, you want to answer that? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. We usually don't comment on the cadence of the comps. But as far -- I mean, I can comment, Laura can comment, but on the promotional environment and what we thought was different at least from my perspective, from a financial perspective, if you look at many retailers, we are not alone in this situation. If you look at Q1 versus Q2, it was much more broad based. You saw deceleration from Q1 to Q2. It was much more across categories that we've seen before. So I think that's where you start to step back and say, hmm, this is something a little more than we've got the wrong product category in a particular brand. 
Operator: We have time for one more question. This will be from Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. 
Simeon Gutman: I'll make it 2 parts just to get it all in. Just a follow-up on gross margin, Julie. You talked about, a few minutes ago on a response, how you think you can get back to -- or maybe better than some of, I don't know exactly what your words, but to some levels that you were before. In that context, can you talk about do you feel like the gross margins are bottoming cyclically, temporary and you should be able to move on from here? And then my follow-up question, to sneak it in, it looks like the first, I guess, through third quarter margins are roughly flattish. And so doesn't the full year guide imply that margins are going to be down in the fourth quarter? And why is that the case? 
Julie Whalen: What -- for your second question, are you talking about operating margins? Are you talking about gross margins? 
Simeon Gutman: Operating. 
Julie Whalen: Okay. So as far as gross margins, I mean, there are so many moving parts in there. That's why it's so hard for us to answer that. I mean, clearly, I am confident our supply chain and inventory initiatives, both sourcing and comping the supply chain challenges we have last year, so I'm confident in that piece of it and that piece moving forward. Obviously, it depends on the promotional environment. It depends on the mix of revenues that we have, how much is global. It depends on the level of revenue to determine where does occupancy play out. And so I can't give you a specific answer to that, but I think the fact that we've seen Q4 to Q1 to Q2, we've seen improvement and we are seeing the success of our supply chain initiatives roll through, I feel really good about the gross margin. From an op margin perspective, really, that is a revenue play. It really depends on -- obviously, we said, for Q3, we're going to be relatively in line with last year, so it was a Q4 conversation, one of our biggest quarters and where the revenue lands. At the high end of our range, we're flat to last year, and so -- and it's a range. So we could be a different level on the revenue, different level on the op margin relative to our guidance, but it does assume that we've got continued improvement in our supply chain. 
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I'll now turn the call back over to Ms. Alber for any additional or closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: Well, thank you all for joining us, and we look forward to catching up with you again next quarter. 
Operator: Thank you. And again, that does conclude your conference for today. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-25 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Beth Potillo-Miller, Senior Vice President, Finance and Corporate Treasurer, to discuss non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking statements. Please go ahead. 
Beth Potillo-Miller: Thank you, Wesley. Good afternoon. This call should be considered in conjunction with the press release that we issued earlier today. Our discussion will contain non-GAAP results and guidance, including non-GAAP EPS, SG&A and operating margin, all of which exclude the impact of unusual business events. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and our explanation of why the non-GAAP financial measures may be useful are discussed in our press release.
 During the first quarter of 2016, we incurred a onetime reorganization charge related to the reduction of headcount, primarily in our corporate functions, of approximately $13 million or $0.09 per diluted share. This charge was recorded as SG&A expense within the unallocated segment. The remainder of the discussion today will reference our results and guidance related to EPS, SG&A and operating margin on a non-GAAP basis excluding this unusual item.
 This call also contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, trends, guidance, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2016 and beyond and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company's current press releases and SEC filings, including the most recent 10-K and 10-Q, for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call.
 I will now turn the conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer, to discuss our first quarter 2016 results. 
Laura Alber: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. On the call with me today are Julie Whalen, our Chief Financial Officer; and Pat Connolly, our Chief Strategy and Business Development Officer.
 In the first quarter, our brand portfolio delivered comp brand revenue growth of 4.5%, with total revenue growth of 6.5% and EPS of $0.53. These results reflect the multiple growth engines that our portfolio approach provides and the progress we are making on the key initiatives we outlined in March. On the revenue side, West Elm reported 19% comp revenue growth on top of 15% last year, and we saw improvements from Q4 across the Pottery Barn brands. Williams-Sonoma delivered a 3.5% comp revenue growth. Our global business grew 27%, and we had strong growth in our Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham businesses, which together grew 25%.
 In March, we shared with you the opportunity we saw to do business differently, and we outlined key strategic initiatives that we would focus on to drive improvements across the organization. I would like to begin by updating you on the progress we have made against several of these initiatives during the first quarter. We are committed to these strategies and are encouraged by the results we are seeing.
 First, we said that we are focused on product leadership. Across our portfolio of brands, we offer purposeful products with a superior price/quality relationship, design aesthetic and functionality. Our multi-brand, multi-aesthetic, multi-price point strategy allows us to cover a wide range of choices in a coherent and organized way that allows our customers to create a home that is a reflection of their personal style.
 We know that consumers are becoming increasingly concerned about where their products are made, the working conditions under which they were made, the toxicity of materials used and the reputation of the company standing behind them. At the same time, the consumer is keenly focused on value and is very price-sensitive. Our direct sourcing advantage with over 1,000 associates working on the ground with our vendor partners around the world eliminates layers of cost. This also allows us to deliver superior value for the money to our customers. At the same time, it gives us a level of visibility and control over global compliance and quality assurance.
 Across all of our brands, we are committed to offering innovative products that are also responsibly sourced and manufactured. This is being manifested in each of our brands. In Pottery Barn, we are launching our Healthy Home and Fair Trade initiatives. Pottery Barn is also in the pilot phase of the HERproject, a factory workplace education initiative that promotes gender equality, health, education and financial literacy. In Pottery Barn Kids, we are also offering products that are good for kids and also good for the planet. Over the past year, we've more than doubled our organic cotton bedding programs and recently reintroduced GREENGUARD-certified furniture.
 As you may recall, West Elm was the first home retailer in the Fair Trade USA network. We launched this important program in holiday 2014. West Elm is also one of the largest purchasers of handcrafted products, which represents more than 20% of our total assortment for this brand. And West Elm is now a founding member of a coalition of leading fashion and home brands working with the nonprofit Nest to develop a universal set of standards to ensure craftspeople are working in safe environments and being paid fair wages.
 And in Williams-Sonoma, in addition to all the healthy products we already sell such as our all-natural, paraben-free soaps and lotions and our high-quality, clean ingredient foods, we just successfully introduced Williams-Sonoma branded ceramic cookware. This cookware is one example of how we can deliver a commercial-grade product at a good value that is PFOA free, non-stick and can be used on any cooktop from gas to induction. Across our brand portfolio, we are committed to offering products that are good for our customers, their homes and the environment.
 Second, we said that we are revolutionizing our approach to the supply chain and inventory. In the first quarter, we made progress on our initiative to deliver the best customer experience in furniture delivery to the home. 
 There are 3 areas where we're seeing significant improvement. First, in our operations, we are measuring performance across every aspect of the supply chain. We are pushing for improvement on every metric. During the first quarter, our on-time delivery of in-home items improved dramatically. These results have come from a strong focus on operational execution and process optimization from our supply chain and logistics team and the deployment of new delivery scheduling and final-mile systems. As a result, our on-time delivery rates have substantially improved.
 Second, as you know, we've been on a continuum to improve our customers' ability to know when they can expect delivery of large items into their home. During the first quarter, we continue to deploy additional technology to gain control and visibility of inventory at every step. We've been able to promise delivery dates to our customers with better accuracy. We are proactively monitoring for orders that might be getting lost or close to missing promise dates and reporting on orders that might have shipped but have not been delivered. And on the care center front, we are working hard to resolve any issue with the first call. As a result, we are seeing a year-over-year decrease in total call volume, with decreases in service calls and escalations.
 And third, we have been working diligently to get our inventory in the right locations. We have implemented new demand forecasting software and reengineered our processes to improve the allocation of inventory to match regional demand. This ability to position inventory in the correct DC drives better in-stocks and decreases the delivery time to our customers. Ultimately, more of our customers are receiving multiple item orders on time and in a single delivery. All of these efforts have resulted in increased customer satisfaction. And as these metrics improve, our shipping costs are coming down. Looking toward the future, we see significant opportunity to further improve service and lower costs.
 As we mentioned in March, we are planning inventory growth this year to be lower than sales growth. And in the first quarter, with revenues increasing 6.5%, our inventory was flat to last year. During the second quarter, we will continue the rollout of our inventory optimization solution with the launch of a new core replenishment module that will further improve our regional in-stock positions. We plan to continue to add functionality and modules to better match our assortments and regional inventory to our customer demand for the future. We're also focused on developing and buying fewer, more differentiated products as well as a rigorous SKU optimization program. We've made initial progress in this regard and see further opportunity with our upcoming assortments.
 Finally, we have begun receiving and shipping from our new regional distribution center in Georgia. As this facility ramps up by the end of the second quarter, delivery time to the Southeast customers will improve, and we expect to see a reduction in outbound freight expense as well as a decrease in costs associated with offsite storage facilities in the back half of the year.
 Now I'd like to highlight key results within our brand portfolio, beginning with West Elm. West Elm continued its rapid growth with its 26th consecutive quarter of double-digit revenue increases and record contributions with 19% brand revenue growth over last year's 15%. We believe that no other brand in the home furnishing business is delivering this level of profitable growth. In the quarter, West Elm delivered strong performance across both channels and all categories. Customers are responding well to our outdoor business, and we believe that this historically seasonal business will continue to grow into a year-round focus.
 West Elm continues to build an emotional connection with its customers. In March, it launched a cross-channel campaign celebrating local communities across America. This campaign included a digital experience on westelm.com that further connects our customer with the stories of entrepreneurship and creativity behind our more than 500 local makers and designers. West Elm first announced plans for the maker toolkit at The White House National Week of Making in 2015. In addition to artist profiles, studio business and neighborhood tours, the local hub introduces this advice series or maker toolkit that includes expert guidance to help entrepreneurs grow and scale their work.
 West Elm has incredible momentum. It is clear to us that this brand and its positioning are resonating with a wide range of customers. We have a number of exciting initiatives on our road map that we believe will continue to fuel the growth and profitability of West Elm, making an increasingly larger contributor to our company.
 Williams-Sonoma started out strong in 2016, delivering a 3.5% comp brand revenue growth on top of a 2.7% comp last year, including double-digit growth in e-commerce. This is the tenth positive quarterly comp out of the last 11 quarters, and we believe these results are indicative that our strategies in Williams-Sonoma are working. These strategies include delivering the best products at the best value; growing Williams-Sonoma Home; increasing our online business; aggressively acquiring new customers; and enhancing the retail experience.
 In the first quarter, we saw gains in our Williams-Sonoma branded product. As I mentioned before, we introduced our exclusive ceramic cookware, and we have additional strong introductions planned throughout the balance of the year. We're also expanding our open kitchen line, which appeals to a broader demographic. We have the strongest vendor partnerships that we believe we've ever had, and in Q1, we saw growth in exclusive products across our key vendors. Additionally, we plan to increase the number of new exclusive products from our strategic vendor partners throughout the remainder of the year.
 Williams-Sonoma Home performed well during the quarter and is driving incremental sales both online and at retail. We added Williams-Sonoma Home products to 6 stores during the quarter and have plans to be in 30 stores by the end of the year.
 From a marketing perspective, we are focused on customer acquisition, including registry, and these efforts are paying off. At retail, we are creating an even more engaging and easy shopping experience for our customers and have reengineered how the stores are run with new tools to better manage our workforce and simplify processes throughout the store. We are excited about our new store models, and in Q2, we will be opening 2 stores with our new format in high-profile locations.
 Across the Pottery Barn brands, including Pottery Barn Kids and Teens, comp brand revenues grew 0.6% with Pottery Barn at a 0.2% comp, Kids at 1.7% comp and PBteen at a 1.9% comp. In Pottery Barn, during the first quarter, we built on our momentum of growth in our upholstered and furniture collections. Also in Q1, we benefited from improved stock levels and customer service metrics have improved. And we are returning to our high standards of service. We've also amplified content marketing, focusing on innovation, quality and value as the primary pillars of our product strategy. Areas that were softer included more consumable businesses, tabletop and decorative accessories.
 As we look ahead, we are focused on creating exceptional experiences in our stores and online. In our stores, we are highlighting our differentiated design services, and we are excited to be opening 2 store remodels in 2 of our highest-profile locations in Northern and Southern California. Online, we are focused on continuous improvement to the customer experience by enhancing our imagery, product content and inspirational ideas, site usability and user-friendly mobile site.
 As we look to the fall season, we see clear opportunity in several key categories and are refocused on growth against many of the product initiatives that we identified last year. In Pottery Barn Kids, strength in furniture was the key driver of results as sales in bedroom, nursery and playroom furniture remained robust in the first quarter. We saw softer business in the textile and decorative accessory categories.
 A highlight in the quarter was the launch of our collaboration with fashion and bridal designer Monique Lhuillier, which was met with excellent customer response. This collection is elegant and playful, inspired by Monique's sophisticated aesthetic, details from her own home and her experience as a mother of 2 young children.
 In the second quarter, PBK will launch its biggest ever back-to-school collection, which represents a substantial opportunity. As part of this collection, we will include an assortment of products and gear to give back to the World Wildlife Fund. The brand will also celebrate little learners with products that inspire children to learn, imagine and grow.
 In PBteen in Q1, results improved across all key areas of the business. As I mentioned in the last call, we've made several improvements in product strategy, marketing, digital execution, and we believe these changes contributed to the results. We are encouraged by the initial response to our recently launched PBteen dorm collection, and in June, we will launch back-to-school with new study solutions and our largest gear offering to date.
 Our most recent collaboration is with Lennon & Maisy, where we have teamed up with the sister singer, songwriter duo to create a dynamic collection of bedding and decor. While performance across the Pottery Barn brand improved over Q4, we are working diligently to return to our historical growth trends  and are aggressively looking at everything from value to product, marketing and aesthetics.
  Now I'd like to discuss our global expansion and our emerging brands. Our global business delivered strong performance during the first quarter. We're pleased with the continued acceleration of our company in retail and e-commerce operations in Australia and the U.K., which delivered substantial growth in the quarter, and our focus on operational excellence is resulting in improvement in our profitability across these markets. Our franchise in John Lewis Partnership continued to exceed our expectations. Last quarter, we shared that our shop-in-shop partner with John Lewis was delivering significant gains to both our direct and retail business in the U.K. Based on this success, we are pleased to announce that John Lewis will be expanding this concept to 3 additional retail locations in the month of June, and we expect to be in a total of 8 locations by the end of the year.
 We'll continue to explore additional opportunities for wholesale expansion with other partners. And we plan to build upon our business in Mexico, the Middle East and the Philippines by opening at least 20 new locations this year. Our newest franchise partner, RAMbrands, expects to launch in Chile in the latter half of 2017. And we continue to actively engage with leading retailers around the world to secure partnerships in key regions and expect to announce additional partnerships throughout the year. We believe our continued focus on global growth, operational excellence and infrastructure will result in sustainable and profitable expansion. And we look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the year.
 Our Rejuvenation brand continued its strong growth, achieving record results in Q1. Rejuvenation's expansion into new product categories and rooms of the home continues to accelerate. We are driving additional growth in core lighting and hardware categories, much of which is crafted at our very own factory in Portland, Oregon. We're also excited to announce additional ways Rejuvenation is expanding its national reach, including a new partnership with Perch, the innovative home retailer that showcases the world's most admired kitchen, bathroom and outdoor appliance brands within a one-of-a-kind experiential environment as their strategic lighting partner. Also, in Q4 we will be opening a new Rejuvenation store in Chicago, which marks our sixth store for the brand. We're pleased with the online and store performance at Rejuvenation, and we see opportunities to accelerate growth both at retail and online.
 Now I'd like to talk about Mark and Graham. Mark and Graham continued to grow as a classic accessory and gift brand, delivering quality design and innovative gift items at affordable prices. We had a strong Q1 driven by successful launches of high-quality products. Mark and Graham is an example of our ability to grow new brands profitably by leveraging our core assets.
 Together, these 2 businesses, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham, grew 25% in the first quarter, and we see substantial opportunity for future growth in -- of business. 
 Our West Elm Workspace and Hospitality businesses continued to grow. This past quarter, we opened new dealer showrooms in New York, L.A., Seattle and Tampa. And several more are slated to open in major metro areas over the coming months in the lead up to NeoCon, the industry's premier trade show.
 We're also pleased to announce a partnership with Marriott International, a global leading lodging company. West Elm and SpringHill Suites by Marriott have collaborated on an exclusive line of room furnishings and decor packages to be featured in hotel rooms and lobbies nationwide. We'll keep you posted on this exciting new relationship and future innovation as West Elm continues its rapid growth and evolution in the contract space. Based on West Elm's success in the contract and hospitality areas, we are pursuing similar opportunities with our other brands.
 In summary, we are executing against our growth and operational strategies that we spoke with you about in March. And we believe we are on track to deliver on both our near and longer-term goals. The combination of our multichannel business model, trusted brands and strong execution positions us well to continue to deliver increases in shareholder value well into the future.
 I will now turn the call over to Julie to discuss our Q1 results in more detail. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon, everyone. We are pleased with our first quarter results, which demonstrate our ability to execute against our growth and operational initiatives while at the same time maintain strong financial discipline during a challenging retail environment.
 For the first quarter, net revenues increased 6.5% to $1,098,000,000, with comparable brand revenues increasing 4.5% on top of 4.6% last year. Growth was driven by West Elm, our international businesses and our emerging brands, all of which experienced year-over-year revenue growth in excess of 25% and contributed to our total company revenue growth exceeding our comparable brand revenue growth by 200 basis points. In our e-commerce channel, net revenues grew 8.2% to $576 million and represented 52.5% of total company net revenues for the quarter, an 80 basis point increase over last year and a historical high. This growth was driven by West Elm and the Williams-Sonoma brand, which generated double-digit e-commerce growth. Our retail channel net revenues increased 4.7% to $522 million in the first quarter, primarily driven by West Elm and our international businesses, which continue to gain momentum.
 Gross margin for the first quarter was 35.8% versus 36.8% last year and includes occupancy costs of $162 million in the first quarter of 2016 as compared to $151 million in the first quarter of 2015. Merchandise margins were once again only slightly down to last year, further demonstrating that having a direct sourcing advantage allows us to continue to bring higher-quality product to market at a lower cost and to pass that along to the customer. The gross margin deleverage was primarily related to our supply chain and inventory initiatives, fulfillment-related costs and higher franchise and wholesale revenues, which are dilutive to gross margin but accretive to the operating margin. Although we incurred some incremental costs associated with our supply chain and inventory initiatives, it is clear that these investments we are making are working. We have seen significant improvement across all of our customer service and shipping-related metrics, and our inventory initiatives are already driving substantially reduced inventory levels as well as improved efficiencies across our supply chain.
 SG&A for the first quarter was 28.8% of net revenues in 2016 versus 29.8% in 2015. The 100 basis point improvement primarily resulted from employment leverage, further advertising efficiencies and overall general expense discipline. The improvement in our employment costs despite absorbing higher labor costs associated with our fulfillment operations was primarily a result of cost leverage from increased international operations as well as employment savings from a corporate reorganization that we implemented during the first quarter. As a result of this reorganization, we did incur a onetime charge of approximately $13 million or $0.09 per diluted share, which has been excluded from our operating results. As we discussed on our last call, this reorganization allowed us to reduce corporate employment costs in the short term that can be reinvested into our long-term strategic initiatives, our supply chain operations and e-commerce.
 As a result of strong financial discipline throughout SG&A, our total company operating margin was 7%, flat to last year. By channel, the operating margin in the e-commerce channel was 22.8% versus 24% in 2015. The 120 basis point decline in operating margin was driven by the investments in our supply chain and inventory initiatives throughout gross margin and SG&A, including higher occupancy and employment costs, partially offset by further advertising efficiencies. The operating margin in the retail channel was 5.8% versus 5.6% in 2015. The 20 basis point improvement in operating margin primarily resulted from the leverage of employment, occupancy and advertising expenses, substantially driven by an increase in our international operations. And corporate unallocated expenses as a percentage of net revenues improved 40 basis points from 7.7% in the first quarter of 2016 versus 8.1% in 2015. This improvement resulted from lower year-over-year employment and employment-related costs, primarily resulting from the corporate reorganization. As a result, first quarter 2016 diluted earnings per share grew 10.4% to $0.53.
 On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with a cash balance of $99 million versus $79 million last year. We had $100 million outstanding under our revolving credit facility, and in the first quarter, we returned $75 million to stockholders through share repurchases and dividends, comprising $41 million in share repurchases and $34 million in dividends. Merchandise inventories at $945 million were up 0.2% or essentially flat to Q1 2015. As we mentioned in our March call, we are planning inventory growth in 2016 to be lower than sales growth. And we are already seeing the benefits from our inventory initiatives that are driving substantially reduced inventory levels as well as improved efficiencies in our supply chain.
 I would now like to discuss our second quarter and fiscal year 2016 guidance. For the second quarter of 2016, we expect to grow net revenues to a range of $1,145,000,000 to $1,175,000,000, with comparable brand revenue growth in the range of 1% to 4%. We expect our second quarter operating margin to be relatively in line with last year, and we expect diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $0.54 to $0.60. It is important to remember that last year's second quarter earnings per share of $0.58 included an approximately $0.03 benefit from a reduced tax rate. Additionally, the incremental supply chain costs we absorbed last year are more than offset this year with our investments in our new Southeast distribution center and the required offsite storage locations until this new distribution center is fully up and operational.
 For the full year, we expect to deliver another record year for our shareholders and are reiterating all of our guidance ranges. We expect to grow net revenues 4% to 6% to a range of $5,150,000,000 to $5,250,000,000, with comparable brand revenue growth in the range of 3% to 6%. We expect operating margin to be 9.8% to 10% and our diluted earnings per share expected to be in the range of $3.50 to $3.55. All other financial guidance within the press release remains unchanged from the previous guidance. This fiscal year guidance puts us on track to deliver on our longer-term outlook over the next 3 years of mid to high single-digit revenue growth and low double-digit to mid-teens earnings growth.
 With West Elm on a strong trajectory to $2 billion in revenues, our global and new businesses gaining momentum and scale, our continued growth in our profitable e-commerce channel and our continued growth across our brand portfolio as well as further supply chain efficiencies from reduced shipping costs, reduced offsite distribution centers and improved labor productivity, we have a clear path to longer-term sustainable earnings growth of low double-digits to mid-teens.
 From a capital allocation perspective, there are no changes to our plan. We plan to utilize our operating cash flow to invest in the business in support of our ongoing growth initiatives in the range of $200 million to $220 million. We also plan to continue to return capital to our shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends. We have $521 million remaining and available for share repurchases, which we intend to repurchase over the next 3 years. We are also committed to continuing to pay dividends targeted at 35% to 40% of net income and relatively in line with the S&P 500 dividend yield.
 In summary, we are confident that with our competitive advantages, strong brands, compelling product at a great value, a multichannel business, superior customer service, many opportunities for growth, a strong balance sheet and an experienced leadership team, we will maintain our leadership position. These competitive advantages, combined with our strategic growth and operational initiatives and the progress we have made to date on those initiatives, give us confidence in our ability to deliver long-term sustainable profitable growth.
 I would now like to open up the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take the first question from Chris Horvers at JPMorgan. 
Christopher Horvers: Can you talk about -- obviously, you've heard a lot of retailers talk about the cadence of the quarter and the weather and the consumer, and we have a lot of companies guiding lower sequentially for the second quarter. So can you talk about your experience? And as you think about the second quarter, is that simply a function of heading out of the comparisons of a couple of hundred basis points harder? Or is there something else  behind it? 
Julie Whalen: Chris, it's Julie. Obviously, we don't typically give any sort of cadence color on the quarter where we're coming into that. Obviously, weather has never been a substantial issue for us. We did see a little bit of that in Texas with the floods towards the end of Q1, but that isn't a big, big driver for us. From a revenue guidance perspective, our second quarter revenue guidance reflects, obviously, our best estimate of the possible range of outcomes across our portfolio of brands. But it's early in the quarter, and there's also a Memorial Day shift this year, which actually, believe it or not, that holiday is very big for us. So it makes it extremely more challenging to get a good read on the business at this time. And like all of us, we are seeing the relatively negative retail results out there. So at this time, we think our guidance is appropriate, and it reflects our best estimate this early in the quarter. Of course, with that said, as we all know, we're focused on the year and our longer-term growth rate. And on the year, we reiterated our guidance for revenue growth, which at the high end of the range is 6% and is relatively in line with the current industry growth and with a 3-year outlook of mid to high single-digit growth. 
Operator: We'll go next to Matthew Fassler at Goldman Sachs. 
Matthew Fassler: I want to focus on gross margin. So it sounds like merch margin is down very slightly. You've got some supply chain costs that are higher. Can you try to parse that as best you can? The piece of this incremental supply chain cost that represents investments that you think will recede, and then talk about the pace at which they will recede through the year. Do you expect them to be even through the year? Do they get smaller in Q2, smaller in the second half? How should we think about the cadence of those incremental expenses? 
Julie Whalen: Okay. Matt, I'll take that. Obviously, the gross margin, you can see, is down 100 basis points. But we are pleased that our merch margins, as we said, were once again only slightly down from last year. And from Q4, the gross margin year-over-year reduction actually improved 80 basis points. So we have seen some improvement there. The reason for the gross margin deleverage was primarily related to those supply chain and inventory initiatives as well as higher franchise and wholesale revenues, which we can't underestimate. They are, of course, dilutive to gross margin but accretive to the op margin. As we mentioned on our last call, as far as timing and so forth, we are incurring these incremental costs particularly our distribution centers as we open up our newest regionalized DC in the Southeast, while at the same time, we are incurring incremental costs associated with offsite storage locations until that new DC is fully up and operational. We are also incurring inventory and fulfillment-related costs associated with the movement of more inventory to our outlets. And our shipping costs on our home deliveries has substantially improved, or -- although still not back to historical levels yet. So as we've said in the last call, as we move through the first half of the year, our expectation is that the new DC should be fully operational by the end of the second quarter. Ideally, we'll be out of offsite as a result of that, and so we should start to see some of that improvement in the back half of the year. Obviously, if you've got pure merch margins that are essentially slightly down to flat, you've got occupancy that should improve and has pretty much has been leveraging for quite a while as in Q4 and Q1 but should improve with the reduction of the offsite locations. And we've got shipping costs that are improving, and we've seen it incredibly improve shipping metrics. All of that should indicate that we should start to see improvement in the gross margin in the back half of the year. 
Matthew Fassler: That's great. And then just a very quick follow-up. Hopefully this counts as part of the same question. If ex-occupancy -- or with the occupancy leverage -- or ex-occupancy leverage was down like 120 basis points year-on-year and merch margin is a very small piece of that, can you just roughly dimensionalize the impact of the international revenue at lower margin and then the shipping piece? 
Julie Whalen: Well, so first of all, the occupancy is actually deleveraged 10 basis points. 
Matthew Fassler: Fair enough. Sorry about that. Yes. 
Julie Whalen: Yes, yes. So you can do the math. You can come to a 90 lower selling margin. The biggest piece is the supply chain -- so merch margins are slightly down. There's a piece of it that's associated with that. But ex that, your biggest piece is the supply chain and inventory initiative and then comes the higher international revenues. 
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Lasser at UBS. 
Michael Lasser: I think, Laura, you mentioned the 2 areas within the Pottery Barn business that were a little softer during the quarter were decorative and tabletop. Do you think those are categories that are a little bit more sensitive to the competitive landscape, whether it's at the lower end or at the higher end, and that may be influencing the business? 
Laura Alber: Thanks for the question. Those categories are also related to retail traffic, I believe. And furniture is a more considered purchase, and we all know that retail traffic has been softer than it was in the past. That said, we are focused on working to return to our historical growth rates, and at Pottery Barn are aggressively looking at everything we can do within our control in both those categories and other categories where we see open space. And you're going to see us go after them in a dominant way through the balance of the year. We're also going to significantly improve the brand's voice and content to better highlight the difference between our quality, our value proposition and our initiatives to responsibly source materials. And then we're testing, as I said in my prepared remarks, and we're going to be improving new store models to increase profitability and improve the customer's experience. We're doing the same in our digital experience, in particular in our mobile experience, to make it easier for our customers to shop anytime on any device. And while we know that the environment is certainly more competitive, we're focused on what we can do about it and how we can be the winner not only in 2016 but well into the future. 
Operator: We'll go next to Peter Benedict at Robert W. Baird. 
Matthew Larson: It's Matthew Larson on for Peter. Just wanted to dig into the complexion of the sales results. Obviously, very strong results within West Elm, Williams-Sonoma Home and some of the emerging brands like Rejuvenation. Just curious, are these efforts at a point where they might be pulling customers away from the Pottery Barn brand? Is there a way you can track or understand if the shift that's happening in that you're perhaps more engaged with your customer file but they're just shifting to some of the hotter aesthetics in the other brands? 
Laura Alber: Yes, such a good question. It's really fascinating to us, and we just had that information pulled exactly as you asked it. And not only did we not see cannibalization, we're actually seeing that the different brands help each other. They are very different in their aesthetics. And when the customers talk about what they like about each brand, they reflect on the individuality of the brands. And then there are people who have a wide range in their homes and they buy for one room of the home from West Elm and the other from Pottery Barn. But we have not seen cannibalization at all. And trust me, I'd be the first to tell you if we did and we'd be correcting it. We're not seeing it in our stores either when we open. 
Matthew Larson: That's great. And then just one quick follow-up. On the Williams-Sonoma exclusive product initiatives, can you remind us where you're at as far as exclusive product penetration within the Williams-Sonoma namesake brand and where you think this can go to? 
Laura Alber: Yes, absolutely. Our Williams-Sonoma branded product allows us to deliver superior quality at higher margins. And we continue to introduce it across multiple categories. We continue to increase it as a percentage of sales. We have never given that percentage because it's highly competitive, but we're going to continue to grow it over the next 3 years. We also see other opportunities to attract new customers with things like our open kitchen line, which we talked about appealing to a broader demographic. That's had considerable success. Finally, our vendor partnerships, as I said, are very, very strong and our vendors are working with us to give us many more exclusive products. And so what we're after is the best and making sure that we're giving the customer a great value and the best service in the market as well. 
Operator: The next question comes from Jessica Mace at Nomura Securities. 
Jessica Schoen: My question is about the inventory optimization. And I was wondering if you could give us a little bit of information or color on how, with inventories growing slower than sales, you don't put yourself at risk for not being able to meet demand. 
Julie Whalen: So as part of our supply chain and inventory initiatives, we have actually been working on inventory optimization for a while now. We've been speaking to you about it, and what we're really pleased to be able to see is that we're finally able to demonstrate it. The results are definitely becoming more apparent as we enter into 2016. As far as what have we been doing, we've been more aggressively managing the level of weeks on hand for each SKU, which has allowed us not only to reduce our inventory buys but also allows us to liquidate our less productive SKUs and aggressively push more inventory to our outlets. And this has allowed our inventory levels to be reduced, obviously, substantially, and it will allow us to ultimately generate supply chain savings by freeing up space in our distribution centers, reducing the offsites we're trying to get out of and improving our labor productivity through our network. As far as -- we're waiting for this question to see now if we're going to be asked if we have too low of inventory. As a retailer, you know that we are always balancing between improving our in-stock inventory levels and reducing overstocks. And the good news is with the inventory optimization efforts, we've been doing -- we've been able to maintain higher in-stock levels to support our customer demand, while at the same time, we're aggressively managing the level of weeks on hand, which allowed us to reduce our inventory buys, et cetera. And so our inventory levels have come down, but we are focused on maintaining in-stock inventory level to ensure great customer service. And so at year-end, we have seen backorders reduced, and year-over-year, we have seen order fulfillment rates improve. And at this time, we believe we have the right inventory levels to meet our customer demand. 
Operator: We'll go next to Dan Binder at Jefferies. 
Daniel Binder: My question was on the contract furniture side. I was wondering if you can help us quantify, size that market and what the opportunity is with Marriott in terms of the sales over the next couple of years. 
Laura Alber: That's a good question. It's a big opportunity is what I would say. There's not a lot of people doing what we do, and we're able to provide Marriott another better quality and better value. We're also giving them really a lot of help with design for the spaces. And it's small now. We're just starting, but we believe it's a large opportunity. We're not ready to quantify it, but as you look around at how many hotels are opening and basically any space where you can see furniture, we think we have an opportunity to disrupt that market. 
Daniel Binder: So would you have any interest in being acquisitive in, let's say, the office category where there is numerous contract furniture buyers? 
Laura Alber: Yes, I think -- I'm not sure if you're aware, but West Elm Workspace is just that. We have a full benching system. We have dealers located in all the major cities now that have showrooms and there's furniture in it. And we've been very lucky to have some great partners with other companies who have let us do their whole office space with our benching and gather systems. And they're in multiple different aesthetics. So depending on what you're looking for, we have it and we tend to be much better priced than the competitive set. It's on our website, if you want to check it out, Workspace. 
Operator: The next question comes from Simeon Gutman at Morgan Stanley. 
Simeon Gutman: Laura, you mentioned a focus on customer acquisition. Can you share with us if it's specifically -- it's a channel specifically being targeted or it's channel agnostic? And then as part of that, how does the ROI change as more dollars are deployed into the acquisition and if there's any nuance by channel? 
Laura Alber: Yes, I'm going to start with the question and then let Pat take it. We acquire customers through all of our channels. The biggest recent percentage growth is coming out of our digital channel, but we also know that when we drop a new store into a market where there wasn't a store previously, we grow the customer base a lot in the stores. There's definitely billboards  for the brands. It's what you have to remember about our brand. Even in this digital age, I think we all see the store often first before we even see the digital store. But we're able to acquire new customers mostly through our digital marketing work. And I'll let Pat answer -- Pat? 
Pat Connolly: Sure. Simeon, I think that ROI question is really one of the things that we are known for, and that's the discipline that we practice in our marketing spend. We don't chase after unprofitable sales, even in our customer acquisition efforts, and we have great results here. Google will tell you we're one of the most disciplined companies that they deal with. And I think it's really the function of attribution technology, which we've refined, so we really understand the incremental value of each of our marketing streams. So if you spend $300 with you -- with the company, when you visited a store, you clicked on a search term, you received a catalog, you got several e-mails. We know how much of the sale should be attributed to each one. And at the same time, we continue to look for advances in our marketing practices. We're implementing a lot more personalization. That really improves your ROI. We're a beta customer for a new Google program that's showing great results. We continue to build our webpages to get great SEO rankings. And we've had great success in some of our social marketing efforts, particularly in Pinterest and Vimeo. And the last thing is because of our scale, we're able to bring a lot of the activities in-house that were previously contracted to others due to their complexity. They're now in-house and they're having a significant impact in not only improving our returns but also reducing costs. 
Operator: The next question comes from David Magee at SunTrust. 
David Magee: A couple of questions. One is, can you give some color regarding the returns on the West Elm business versus your older 2 brands and maybe qualitatively what the potential looks like for your newer businesses as well? 
Julie Whalen: So we don't provide returns by brand, but I think the way to think about it is clearly that brand in particular for the last 25 consecutive quarters saw double-digit growth. And they're incredibly profitable, and we've said that a few times. So they have incredible opportunity, even further returns from that standpoint. Obviously, the other 2 businesses, if you're referring to Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham, they have 25% growth. They're very small still at this point, but we think there's a huge opportunity, especially in Rejuvenation, to grow to be a pretty significant brand. And so everything we do in this company, we do profitably. So if we're putting our investments in those brands and you're seeing their growth, they're definitely giving us the kind of returns that you would request. 
David Magee: And then just secondly, with regard to the longer-term international business, how do you see the growth evolving or sort of divided between company-owned stores going forward and franchise stores, say, over the next 3 to 4 years? 
Julie Whalen: Well, I think what we've said before in the past is very true, that we see the franchise opportunity growing a lot faster than our company-owned stores. With that said, we've seen incredible growth with our company-owned stores and websites. And so we're continuing to pursue both paths. But we are really pleased with the performance of our franchise opportunities and the fact that we have strong success with some really good partners having interest with us. And so as you all probably know how this works, the most important thing you could have is the strongest partner and you want to lock that down and get exclusives. And so we are all over the world right now, working on that as we speak. And I think you'll be pleased to see some of the exciting things that we have coming that we'll announce at a future date. 
Operator: The next question comes from Seth Basham at Wedbush Securities. 
Seth Basham: My questions are around merchandise margins. You mentioned that they were slightly down. Can you do dimensionalize for us how much product acquisition costs were down relative to the other moving pieces within merch margins? 
Julie Whalen: Part of it is product acquisition costs. And I'd say the bigger piece of it, which is -- is still a  subset of that, is the fact that we have our in-sourcing of our foreign agents, which is driving incredible cost reductions across the board that allows us to pass that along to the customer. So those are probably the biggest pieces that are enabling us to not only still be promotional like everybody. It's not that the promotional environment hasn't changed. It's very promotional, but we are able to compete by the fact that we can lower our costs both from a direct negotiation from the vendor also but by the fact that we've got our own agents in-sourced in our company and we can pass that cost along. 
Seth Basham: As you look at the benefits from in-sourcing foreign agents on a year-over-year basis, do you expect them to recede through the year? 
Julie Whalen: No, not at all. 
Operator: The next question comes from Cristina Fernndez at Telsey Advisory Group. 
Cristina Fernandez: I wanted to ask about Williams-Sonoma Home. It seems like you're making a bigger push with catalog circulation for that sub-brand. I wanted to see how much is that contributing to the overall Williams-Sonoma Home? And how do the stores that have the assortment -- I know it's only 6, but how are those performing relative to the rest of the chains? 
Laura Alber: The stores  are performing well. We did it in the stores where we have the space and we don't want to be less dominant in kitchen. So it's very important to choose wisely and really understand the in-store experience. And we also are using the store as a showroom for the swatches, the furniture swatches, the rug swatches and the textiles. So the customer can come and see the quality of our furniture and then buy something that we obviously don't have the space to show but buy it with more confidence because they've seen the swatch or the fabric. We haven't pulled it out. It's hard to pull out. And we do look at it from a profitability perspective internally, but it's not something that's sizable enough to report on separately. 
Operator: The next question comes from Laura Champine from Topeka Capital Markets. 
Laura Champine: Julie, my question is really for you. It's on the unallocated costs, which grew 60 basis points year-on-year, even stripping out the onetime items. How much of that is related to international expansion? And what's really driving that number higher? 
Julie Whalen: It does not relate much really to international expansion associated with that. I think what's important to remember is that we've got a mix of items in there. In particular, we've got a lot of our IT investments that go in there. So all the depreciation associated with our IT investments roll through that corporate unallocated. I think even with that said, we still see improvement from an op -- from a margin perspective of 40 basis points. So we feel good about that. 
Laura Champine: No doubt. But maybe you can walk us through what those investments have been that are driving that one line higher and just let us know if we should expect it to continue at about this pace. 
Julie Whalen: I'm not going to walk you through all of the investments. Really it's every single IT investment that is shared across the company that we had that cumulatively adds up, and it depends on their life. So depending on whether we have more e-commerce investments that happen to be hitting here that have a shorter life or you've got certain products -- projects that have a longer life, it depends on how they roll out and so how that relatively rolls out to the unallocated section. I wouldn't read much more into that. 
Operator: We have time for one last question from Steven Forbes at Guggenheim Securities. 
Steven Forbes: Maybe just a demographic question. So across your portfolio of brands, what are you seeing in demographic trends -- age, income, et cetera? And just in general, do you think your brands are resonating with the broader demographic base? Or is the growth really just gaining market share within your core demographic? And how does that relate specifically right to the West Elm strength? 
Laura Alber: Yes, I mean, we're focused on customer acquisitions and then understanding in each brand what the opportunities are and if there's a weakness, how do we fix it. And so we're constantly doing brand surveys to look at the different pieces. West Elm does continue to be uniquely positioned with millennial and millennial-minded customers who seek out brands that share their values and engage with brands through social media, word of mouth. And I think -- honestly, I think West Elm's engagement and participation on social media is unparalleled. Just to give you an example, our customers at West Elm has shared more than 30,000 photos this quarter through our user-generated content campaign. And over 1/3 of those photos are on our website. And so you can see this great connection with our newest and largest -- fastest-growing brand, West Elm. And then as we look at all of our other brands, we're focused on things like registry that drives customer acquisition and then making sure that we're retaining our core customers and treating them really well and giving them outstanding service. 
Steven Forbes: And then just a quick financial follow-up, just on D&A for the quarter. Obviously, a year-over-year slight decline. Anything to call out there as far as given your investments in IT and so forth? I would imagine we're going to roll off of this sometime soon, but is there anything to specifically call out in the quarter? 
Julie Whalen: Were you talking about unallocated? Is that what you were talking about? 
Steven Forbes: D&A as a whole. 
Julie Whalen: D&A, depreciation and amortization? Is that what you're asking? 
Steven Forbes: Yes, yes. 
Julie Whalen: Should we expect -- I'm sorry, repeat your question. Anything, big changes there as a result of the... 
Steven Forbes: Anything to call out regarding, I guess, the lack of growth, right? Because year-on-year, that was essentially flat. 
Julie Whalen: Yes, no, I wouldn't read much into that. Obviously, as we have investments that are sort of holding around the same level every year, in theory you should start to see that level off because you would think you have some depreciation drop off and then new depreciation drop on. It's never going to be perfect like that. That depends on which projects drop off and which ones drop on. As I was saying earlier, it depends on the life. And so at some point, you could have extra depreciation because you've got longer projects that are cumulatively in that bucket and vice versa. So I wouldn't read much into that. 
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I'll now turn the conference over to Ms. Alber for any additional or closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: Well, thank you all for joining us, and we look forward to talking to you again next quarter. Take care. 
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude our conference call for today. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-03-16 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma Inc. Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2015 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Gabrielle Rabinovitch, Vice President, Investor Relations, to discuss non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking statements. Please go ahead. 
Gabrielle Rabinovitch: Thank you, Melissa. Good afternoon. This call should be considered in conjunction with the press releases that we issued earlier today. Our discussion will relate to results and guidance, excluding non-GAAP items. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and our explanation of why the non-GAAP financial measures may be useful are discussed in our press releases. 
 This call also contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, trends, guidance, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2016 and beyond, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. 
 Please refer to the company's current press releases and SEC filings, including the most recent 10-K and 10-Q, for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call. 
 I will now turn the conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer, to discuss our results. 
Laura Alber: Thank you. Good afternoon, and thank you, all, for joining us today. On the call with me are Julie Whalen, our Chief Financial Officer; and Pat Connolly, our Chief Strategy and Business Development Officer. 
 Today we are reporting record revenue and earnings per share for the year as a result of the strength of our portfolio of outstanding brands, our balanced multichannel model and solid execution. We delivered top and bottom line performance within our guidance range despite a challenging end to the year. Disciplined management allowed us to meet our commitments as we adjusted to an evolving consumer and competitive landscape. Our brands are highly aspirational and relatable at the same time and create a platform for growth. 
 As we look forward in all of our brands, we have targeted strategies and opportunities that we believe will allow us to profitably grow market share. We will improve our competitive positioning across product, service and value for our customers. We are expanding our brands into new products and market segments through the expansion of proprietary products. We are developing cross-brand initiatives to more fully engage with our customer and to leverage innovative marketing channels, and we are also investing in our high-growth newer brands, particularly West Elm. The brand's current growth trajectory, entry into the commercial furniture market with West Elm Workspace and international growth potential position it to become a $2 billion brand. And we are rapidly expanding our global reach through existing and new franchise relationships and other opportunities, such as the John Lewis shop-in-shop model. 
 In addition to executing against our growth initiatives, we see the opportunity to do business differently. We have identified 4 key strategies that will drive improvements across the organization. We are confident that between our growth opportunities and these strategies, we'll double our revenues over the next 10 years. First, we'll reassert our product leadership. Going back to the first stage of Chuck Williams' store in Sonoma, we have been a leader and innovator in building differentiated and market-leading product assortments. Our goal is to ensure our product serve a distinct purpose by being differentiated from our competitors through our price/quality relationship, design aesthetic and functionality. We have developed a best-in-class vertically integrated sourcing network. To remind you, our direct sourcing advantage separates us from conventional retailers and online marketplaces in our category. We employ more than 1,000 associates located in offices around the world, who directly oversee the contract manufacturing of our products. This allows us to ensure a consistent high level of quality, from construction to engineered packaging. We can also monitor every aspect of social compliance, from fair wages and working conditions in factories to the use of toxin-free raw materials. And we eliminate layers of cost, from agent commissions to vendor and distributor markups. This allows us to deliver outstanding quality at a great value while advancing social consciousness in the communities in which we operate. From artists and education to sustainability, free trade to handcrafted, we believe that doing business the right way creates the greatest long-term enterprise value. 
 In addition, we are now focusing our efforts on developing and buying fewer, more differentiated products that better leverage this network across all of our brands. We believe that our long-term sustainable success on both the top and bottom lines will be built on a foundation of product quality, innovation and value. 
 Second we are revolutionizing our approach to inventory. We have a significant opportunity to improve customer service and reduce costs by advancing our inventory management practices. In 2015, we experienced supply chain challenges related to the West Coast port disruption that resulted in increased costs and lower service levels. As we worked through a resolution, it became clear to us that we have an opportunity to reduce costs through more aggressive inventory management. Our goal is to lead the market in the delivery of furniture and home furnishings. 
 In 2016, we are planning inventory growth lower than our sales growth for the year. There are 2 key components to this plan. First, we have begun implementation of a new inventory optimization system that advances our SKU-level demand forecasting and gives our teams more sophisticated tools to replenish our regionalized distribution network and stores. And second, we're eliminating less productive SKUs, which allows us to have better in-stocks and improved order fulfillment. We see this as a significant opportunity and our entire team is aligned around this initiative. 
 In addition to inventory optimization, we are further regionalizing our supply chain. We know that being closer to our customers is the key to faster and lower-cost delivery. As part of these plans, we are opening a new distribution center in Braselton, Georgia, approximately 50 miles northeast of Atlanta. Delivery times to Southeast customers will improve and we expect to see a reduction in outbound freight costs as this DC will be used for both home deliveries and retail fulfillment. 
 We will have 4 distribution centers strategically located on the West Coast, in the Midwest, the Southeast and on the East Coast. The key to lowest-cost, damage-free delivery of large furniture items is to reduce the number of touches or movements of the furniture. Our network is designed to minimize the number of times the furniture is moved and will provide a significant competitive advantage. Importantly, as a result of our inventory initiatives, we do not anticipate adding incremental distribution centers for the next 3 years. Collectively, these efforts will remove costs from our supply chain and materially improve our service levels. 
 Third, we are transforming our marketing. We are strengthening our marketing around the value propositions of each of our brands and what makes our products and services unique in the marketplace. We know that our products are differentiated from our competitors in safety, material, construction, design and social consciousness, and that we offer best-in-class services. We're going to be more aggressive about marketing our key differentiators and why customers should buy from us. We will better leverage our content to emphasize these messages across all of our marketing channels. Finally, we are continuously advancing our marketing strategy, which is identifying ways to efficiently drive revenue increases through our portfolio of brands. 
 And fourth, we are changing our approach to real estate and the retail experience. Our stores are one of the most powerful marketing tools we have and one of our biggest competitive advantages. We have built the trust customers have in our brands by giving them the ability to physically experience our products across more than 600 locations. This is incredibly powerful. However, as retail traffic has declined and customer shopping patterns have shifted, we know that our stores need to be in relevant locations and provide our customers with a great shopping experience. To continue to lead in retail, we are changing our approach. We are making technology investments to improve our cross-channel experience. Our new strategic sales platform will lead to a more inspiring and effortless customer experience. We are customizing assortments by store size and volume and simplifying non-selling tasks so our stores can focus on the customer. We are actively looking at store locations that are undesirable due to mall deterioration, excessive rent escalations or other market conditions, and repositioning in exciting new locations. And we are defining the store of the future for each of our brands. Across our brand portfolio, we have developed and tested innovative store concepts, from architectures to design to experience. This year, you will see us selectively introduce these transformative changes across our retail fleet. 
 Our retail store future includes an exciting and convenient in-store experience, a more strategic view of real estate and a sustainable and profitable model. Together, we believe that these strategies will extend our leadership position across our brands and in our supply chain, providing us with a greater competitive advantage. However, these strategies that I've just outlined require additional resources and focus. We have carefully assessed our business needs, and as a result, we are reducing costs in areas of our organization to fund these priorities. We've had to make difficult decisions, including the reduction of headcount in our corporate functions by approximately 5%. These decisions are very tough, knowing that they will affect a number of our valued employees. But we believe they are necessary to achieve our long-term objectives and deliver on our commitments for all of our stakeholders. 
 I would now like to update you on the performance of our brands, beginning with the Pottery Barn brand. Pottery Barn comparable brand revenues decreased 2% in the fourth quarter, falling short of our expectations. For the full year 2015, Pottery Barn grew comparable revenues 1.9%. During the fourth quarter, from a product perspective, we saw growth in our core furniture and textile businesses. Strong product categories were upholstered furniture, seasonal lighting and seasonal textile. However, we experienced softer sales trends in our gifting categories, where there was greater promotional fatigue across our competitive set. 
 As we move into the new year and away from the gifting holiday, we are seeing improved trends. We attribute this trend reversal to the launch of our spring and summer collections, improved marketing, messaging and better in-stocks versus last year. As we look to 2016 and beyond, we are committed to accelerating our growth. First, we will continue to introduce relevant and authoritative product assortments with a focus on innovation, function and value. To achieve this, we will strategically expand our mix of opening price points across key areas of the business and highlight these price points to attract a broader customer base. We've also placed renewed attention and emphasis on product categories that sell particularly well on our e-commerce channel, and we are increasing our percentage of environmentally responsible products. Our commitment to these healthy home assortments is consistent with our core value of corporate responsibility and differentiates us from our competitive set. 
 Second, to support these product strategies, we are more clearly communicating our category dominance and our points of differentiation, including our aesthetic, our quality and value, our initiatives related to responsible source materials and our exceptional services. 
 In e-commerce, we are intensifying our efforts to drive traffic and conversion. And third, operational excellence. You may remember that at this time 1 year ago, Pottery Barn's inventory flow was affected by the port disruption and in-stock levels were low. Entering 2016, we are significantly better positioned with higher in-stocks. We believe that starting the year from this position of strength will allow us to grow our top line, accelerate new customer growth and deliver a high level of customer satisfaction. 
 In Pottery Barn Kids, fourth quarter comparable brand revenues were flat to last year. For the full year, Pottery Barn Kids comparable brand revenues grew 2.2%. Playroom and bedroom furniture introductions contributed to growth in furniture. We are also pleased with the strong response to our new Star Wars program and our other high-quality differentiated gifts. And we saw strength in our bedding category, specifically in quilts. We had tougher businesses in our textiles and decorative accessories categories. 
 Pottery Barn Kids stands for timeless design and superior quality at a compelling value. Looking ahead in 2016, we're evolving our brand to connect with a broader customer base and we'll be expanding our product collections to address the 
 [Audio Gap] 
 bedroom assortment. And we are committed to products that are good for kids and good for the planet and are expanding our offering of organic cotton bedding and GREENGUARD-certified furniture. Pottery Barn Kids collaboration strategy is also gaining momentum. Late in January, we introduced our Emily & Meritt nursery collection and early reads of this program have been quite strong. Tomorrow, we're thrilled to be launching our more -- most extensive collaboration to-date with Monique Lhuillier. Monique has beautifully translated her fashionable runway designs and luxe details into a collection of home furnishings and gifts for our youngest customers. 
 Now I will discuss our PBteen business. In the fourth quarter, PBteen comparable brand revenues declined 12.2% with disappointing performance across key categories. On the year, comparable brand revenues in 2015 declined 2.7%. Similar to Pottery Barn, we saw declines in our gifting collections. We believe we relied too heavily on bestsellers from previous seasons. From a product standpoint, to address these challenges, we have been developing differentiated and innovative products to refresh our core assortments. We're also expanding our offering across the distinct teen life stages to address different needs of the tween, teen and college customer. And we are continuing to introduce new collaborations and partnerships to drive engagement, aesthetic diversification and new customer acquisition. In marketing, we're evolving our approach to emphasize and reflect our brand values of social consciousness, acceptance and empowerment. As you remember -- may remember, on our August earnings call, we discussed initial softening that we are seeing in PBteen's business. Over the past 6 months, we have made significant changes to the brand's leadership, product strategy and marketing. And while we have more to do, we are already seeing better results. This week, we announced an organizational change, placing the Pottery Barn Teen brand under the leadership of Jennifer Keller, who is also running Pottery Barn Kids. Jennifer previously ran the teen brand during the years of its highest and most profitable growth. Consolidating both brands under a single leader will further align our life stages strategy as our Pottery Barn Kids customers transition into their tween and teen years. 
 Now I would like to discuss the Williams-Sonoma brand. In the fourth quarter, the Williams-Sonoma brand had a 0.9% comparable brand revenue growth. We saw strength in cutlery, food and tabletop departments. At retail, our store-level execution improved over last year. We hired and trained our seasonal associates earlier and delivered an aspirational, engaging and easy shopping experience. In e-commerce, we had growth in new customers and improved conversion. In the fourth quarter, we're also pleased with continued growth in Williams-Sonoma Home, which is driving incremental sales, online and at retail. In the Williams-Sonoma brand, we see additional opportunity to capture mind share and market share, and will execute strategies to engage every demographic from millennial to baby boomer with exciting products supported by elevated marketing and branding and improvements in our retail strategy. 
 Great product is the foundation of our strategy in Williams-Sonoma. For 60 years, cooking enthusiasts have relied on us for innovation and inspiration. In 2016, we plan to grow our Williams-Sonoma branded product, which allows us to deliver superior quality at higher margins than the industry standard and gives us more control over the promotional environment. We will expand our Open Kitchen line to appeal to a broader demographic while satisfying basic needs of our core customer. And we'll increase the number of new and exclusive products from our branded vendor partners. 
 In addition, we'll expand Williams-Sonoma Home. We will selectively add home product to stores, broaden the breadth of our assortments, invest in marketing, grow our trade business and look at other ways to extend our reach. At retail, we see real opportunity to improve our store operating contribution, including floor sets, visual display and allocation strategies that are better matched to store size and volume, refining store assortment and inventory to reduce SKUs and clearance and providing tools to aid in -- store scheduling and drive key metrics and conversion in sales per hour. As mentioned in my overview, we are also looking at store locations that are undesirable due to mall deterioration, excessive rent escalations or other market conditions. At the same time, we're encouraged by the new store models we are developing. And as a part of our retail repositioning, we have identified attractive new real estate near popular dining and entertainment centers. In e-commerce, we see opportunities to accelerate new customer acquisition, strengthen our content and messaging, and improve on-site conversion. 
 Now I'd like to discuss West Elm. Comparable brand growth in West Elm was 12.8% in the fourth quarter. From a product perspective, West Elm's strong fourth quarter results were driven by growth across all categories. Customer response to seasonal assortments delivered significant sales and market share gains. Throughout the quarter, West Elm balanced new product introductions with an effective promotional cadence and highly targeted and relevant marketing. West Elm delivered another outstanding year and is strategically positioned to continue its growth well into the future. Working from core strategies of choice, community and consciousness, we strive to exceed our customers' expectations from sourcing locally made products in their own communities to delivering innovative product with great craftsmanship and value. And we're just getting started. As our customers grow and change, so do we, maintaining our brand momentum through more targeted products and content as well as new business opportunities that bolster our brand equity. 
 West Elm's new store strategy is driving incremental profitable growth. In 2015, we opened 18 new stores, ending the year with 87 total company-owned stores. And in 2016, we plan to open 13 new stores. We'll expand our international reach and believe both our franchise and wholesale businesses will continue to be successful models to grow our footprint. We saw a tremendous increase in brand awareness for West Elm in the U.K. market, following the launch of our first shop-in-shop in John Lewis in London, and we are working there with a team to finalize the details of additional rollouts in 2016. 
 In addition, West Elm Workspace is a compelling growth opportunity. Last spring, the concept was introduced into the $25 billion-plus commercial furniture market, NeoCon, the industry's premier trade show, earning multiple awards. West Elm has formed relationships with 18 leading dealers across the country in the contract and hospitality spaces. We will share additional key commercial alliances in the coming quarters as our team builds this important new business. In summary, we believe West Elm continues to be well positioned to deliver $2 billion in annual revenues over the long term. 
 Now I'd like to discuss our global expansion plans and our emerging brands. The significant growth and improving profitability of our global businesses give us further confidence in the meaningful opportunity that international expansion represents. 
 Our focus is on growth, operational excellence and infrastructure. Currently, our reach outside of North America spans 9 countries and includes 69 stores. Over the next 10 years, we expect that we'll have a presence in more than 35 countries. We have strong partners in the Middle East, Mexico, the U.K. and the Philippines, and we're actively engaging with new partners. In 2016, we expect our franchise partner in Mexico to open approximately 15 new stores. We're also very excited about our newest franchise partner, Ram Brands [ph], a leader in South America, and expect the first store to open there in mid-2017. 
 We are growing our company-owned business in Australia and the United Kingdom, and we are looking forward to update you on our progress throughout the year. We're also seeing strong results from our emerging brands Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham. These brands grew close to 40% in 2015. And importantly in each of these brands, we are growing profitably with a disciplined investment approach. Rejuvenation had a strong 2015 and we believe brand growth will accelerate, driven by the success and expansion of the Northwest Modern lifestyle assortment, further category expansion, our broadening demographic base of customers and further development of the Atlanta and Chicago markets. 
 Also in 2015, Mark and Graham completed its third full year as a brand. We're seeing order and traffic growth, which is driving revenue growth. Mark and Graham's classic preppy collection features an edited assortment of high-quality personalized gifts. 
 And in 2016, we will continue to introduce new categories and build brand awareness through efficient catalog prospecting and digital marketing. The ability to organically create and build brands to drive sustainable growth is a core competency of our company. 
 Now I would like to pass the call over to Julie to discuss our financial results in more detail. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura. Good afternoon, everyone. Before I walk you through the fourth quarter financial results in more detail, I would like to begin with a few fiscal year 2015 financial and operational highlights. Despite a challenging environment, 2015 was a year of solid accomplishments with record revenue and earnings. For the full year, we delivered net revenue growth of 5.9%, taking our total revenues to nearly $5 billion. And we delivered EPS growth of 5.3% to $3.37, consistent with our guidance. Our revenue growth on the year once again exceeded the home furnishings market and allowed us to capture additional market share. Our e-commerce revenues grew to be 51% of the total and retail revenue growth accelerated 300 basis points, growing 5.4% to almost $2.5 billion. West Elm delivered another year of outstanding growth, with revenue increasing more than $152 million or 22.7% and comparable brand revenue growth increasing 14.8%, a double-digit increase for the sixth consecutive year. We also experienced close to 40% growth for the year in both our emerging brands, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham. And in our international operations, we saw more than 25% growth. Our pure merchandise margins were flat on the year, demonstrating the direct sourcing advantage we have over other retailers. Our SG&A leveraged 60 basis points, highlighting our strong financial discipline. And we generated $544 million in operating cash flow, returned $353 million to stockholders and invested in our long-term initiatives with $203 million in capital expenditures. 
 Now I would like to discuss our fourth quarter financial results. In the fourth quarter, net revenues grew to $1,586,000,000, a year-over-year increase of 2.9% with comparable brand revenues increasing 0.8%. Growth was balanced between channels, with net revenues in both our e-commerce and retail channels growing 2.9% and representing 50% of total revenues. Strong growth in West Elm's new stores and in our franchise operations drove total company revenue growth ahead of comparable brand revenue growth. Gross margin for the fourth quarter was 38.3% versus 40.1% last year, including occupancy costs of $165 million in the fourth quarter of 2015 versus $155 million in the fourth quarter of 2014. Merchandise margins were only slightly down to last year, with gross margin deleverage primarily related to shipping and fulfillment related costs, occupancy deleverage from our supply chain operations and lower margins associated with higher franchise sales, which are dilutive to gross margin but accretive to the operating margin. In the fourth quarter, while continuing to absorb higher shipping and fulfillment-related costs as we work to improve service levels and efficiencies in our supply chain, we also faced a more challenging retail and macro environment resulting in a more tentative consumer and aggressive discounting. Unlike other retailers, however, we were able to substantially hold our merchandise margins as a result of our direct sourcing advantage that has allowed us to bring higher-quality products to market at a lower cost and to pass that along to the consumer. And while we incurred higher supply chain costs, we are confident that the steps we have taken were the right ones. We are better balanced from an inventory standpoint and have seen improvement in our order fulfillment rates and shipping costs. 
 SG&A decreased to 24.3% of revenues from 25.2% in the fourth quarter of 2014. This 90 basis point improvement resulted from overall expense discipline, reflecting lower employment costs despite absorbing higher labor costs associated with our fulfillment operations, reduced general expenses and advertising leverage. Operating margin for the fourth quarter was 14% versus 14.9% in the fourth quarter of 2014. By channel, the operating margin in the e-commerce channel in the fourth quarter was 22% versus 23.6% last year. The 160 basis point decline was primarily related to lower gross margins resulting from the increased shipping and fulfillment-related costs and higher supply chain occupancy costs as well as the increased employment cost in our distribution centers. 
 In the retail channel, the operating margin was 15.3% versus 17% in 2014. Deleverage in the retail channel resulted primarily from the higher shipping and fulfillment-related costs. Corporate unallocated operating expenses represented 4.6% of net revenues versus 5.4% of net revenues in 2014. The 80 basis points of leverage resulted from expense discipline, including lower employment costs as well as lower general and administrative costs. The effective income tax rate in the fourth quarter was 36.6% versus 38.2% last year, reflecting fluctuations in the level and mix of earnings as well as the favorable resolution of certain income tax matters. These overall results generated $223 million in operating income and $1.55 in diluted earnings per share in the fourth quarter. 
 Though we were disappointed in our fourth quarter top line performance, our strong financial discipline across the company allowed us to meet our financial guidance. On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with a cash balance of $194 million and no debt, and merchandise inventories increased 10.2% to $978 million. 
 However, excluding inventory associated with the areas that are currently demonstrating double-digit revenue growth, West Elm, our emerging businesses and our international operations, year-over-year inventory growth was 4.3%. 
 Now I would like to discuss our 2016 guidance. For the first quarter of 2016, we expect to grow net revenues 4% to 6% to a range of $1,070,000,000 to $1,090,000,000, with comparable brand revenue growth of 3% to 6%. We expect operating margin to be relatively in line with last year's operating margin rate. We expect diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $0.48 to $0.52. For the year, we expect to grow net revenues 4% to 6% to a range of $5,150,000,000 to $5,250,000,000 with comparable brand revenue growth in the range of 3% to 6%. We expect operating margin to be 9.8% to 10%. Diluted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $3.50 to $3.65. In fiscal year '16, we're also planning capital spending in the range of $200 million to $220 million. This guidance reflects the investments we are making across our business to strengthen our competitive advantages and position us for long-term market share gains. The investments we'll be making are in those areas where we see sustainable long-term returns for our shareholders. 
 First, we are investing in our supply chain. As Laura mentioned, we are opening a new distribution center in the Southeast to allow us to further regionalize our network to drive superior customer service and supply chain efficiencies by improving customer delivery times, labor productivity and reducing freight costs. 
 While we expect to see a reduction in outbound freight costs over time, as well as a reduction in offsite facility costs, we will see costs ahead of savings in the initial months of operations until we are up and running. We are implementing a new inventory system that will support our regionalization and efficiency efforts, allowing us to better optimize our inventory levels and to enhance the visibility to our inventory throughout our supply chain network. We are also investing in supply chain labor in the form of higher hourly wages to attract and retain the best talent in our distribution centers in an increasingly competitive environment for such labor. Our supply chain is foundational to our competitive advantage, and we see a clear path to extend our leadership position in the fulfillment of furniture and home furnishings. We are building a more responsive, flexible and efficient network that will scale with our growth and allow us to drive a long-term competitive advantage and sustainable efficiencies. 
 Second, we are investing in e-commerce. To support its continued profitable growth and to maintain our leadership position, we are focused on continuous improvement in customer experience from site functionality to the tools we give our customer service representatives. We also plan to increase our marketing investment, focusing on new customer acquisition via strong content marketing and personalization. 
 Third, we'll be making investments in our retail fleet, one of our most powerful marketing tools and competitive advantages. We'll be adding 27 new stores, predominantly in the West Elm brand, our fastest-growing brand, as well as remodeling and relocating certain stores across our fleet to ensure a great shopping experience. We will also be investing in new point-of-sale technology across all of our stores. 
 Additionally, as Laura mentioned, we are reorganizing our corporate headquarters, along with some other areas of the company, reducing employment cost that can be reinvested into our long-term strategic initiatives, our supply chain operations and e-commerce. This reorganization is estimated to result in a onetime charge during the first quarter of approximately $10 million to $12 million. This will be treated as a non-GAAP charge and, therefore, is not included within our Q1 and fiscal year EPS guidance ranges. 
 I would now like to turn to our 3-year outlook. Our outlook remains unchanged, with mid- to high single-digit revenue growth and low double-digit to mid-teens EPS growth. While we anticipate our 2016 earnings growth to be lower than its outlook due to the investments that I have outlined, we are confident that our business will deliver these results over the next 3 years by leveraging our strong foundation and core competencies. We expect to drive profitable growth with West Elm's path to $2 billion in revenues, the scaling of our global expansion initiatives and emerging businesses, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham, as well as continued market share gains across our brand portfolio. Additionally, we expect to realize further supply chain efficiencies, including reduced freight and offsite distribution center costs as well as improved labor productivity as a result of our investments. Further, we do not anticipate opening any additional distribution centers over the next 3 years, allowing us to better leverage our supply chain costs in 2017 and beyond. With all of these opportunities for growth and efficiencies, we are confident we can deliver this longer-term outlook. We also remain committed to a balanced capital allocation strategy, utilizing our operating cash flow to invest in the business, to support our ongoing growth initiatives and to return cash to shareholders. We expect our capital expenditures to remain within the range of $200 million to $220 million. We expect to continue to target our dividend levels at approximately 35% to 40% of net income and in line with the S&P 500 dividend yield. 
 Today, we announced a 6% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.37. This is the 10th dividend increase we have had since we first started paying dividends in 2006. We also expect to repurchase shares annually at a level to at least offset equity dilution. Today, we also announced a new $500 million share repurchase program that we intend to execute over the next 3 years. Over the past 5 years, between both dividend payments and share repurchases, we have returned more than $1.5 billion to our shareholders. 
 In summary, we know our competitive advantages, combined with our strategic growth initiatives, will allow us to maintain our leadership position. Our well-known brands with compelling product at a great value, our multichannel business, our superior customer service, our opportunities for growth, our strong balance sheet and our experienced leadership team give us the confidence in our long longer-term ability to deliver sustainable, profitable growth. 
 I would now like to open up the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take the first question from Daniel Hofkin with William Blair & Company. 
Daniel Hofkin: Just wanted to follow up a little bit on the near-term guidance and then kind of square that a little bit, just bridge a little bit to the longer-term view, which sounds like it's in line with what it has been. For 2016, I know you'll have the absence of certain, let's say, drags related to the port. I guess, can you help us think about how much of a drag that was last year and then how much the incremental investments are in total this year? And then, again, maybe help us, just if there's 1 or 2 most important things, whether it's supply chain rolling off over the next few years or something, some other aspects of it, that kind of bridge to that higher rate of longer-term growth, that would be helpful. 
Julie Whalen: Sure. And I think as we said in our prepared remarks, we anticipate our 2016 earnings growth to be lower than our 3-year outlook because of the investments that I just highlighted, particularly in our supply chain. In short term, though, those offset the "port benefit" that may have been expected this year. Longer term, those are strategic initiatives for us. As far as it bridging it to the 3-year outlook, we believe that after we anniversary the investment in this additional Southeast DC, particularly this year, and as we move through the year, as we've seen a lot of our shipping performance metrics improve and we get out of offsite DCs, et cetera, all of that will allow us to leverage our supply chain operations. And that, plus the additional opportunities for growth that I highlighted, obviously, across West Elm with their $2 billion in -- growing to $2 billion in revenues, the scaling of our global initiatives, our emerging brands, who have had 40% growth just this past year alone, all of that happening at the same time and not investing in additional DCs over the next 3 years should allow us to take a step up in '17 and '18 to where our longer-term 3-year outlook implies on the earnings line. 
Operator: We will next go to Peter Benedict with Robert Baird. 
Peter Benedict: A couple of times, Laura, you mentioned kind of appealing to a broader base, customer base, and I was just curious, are you speaking about age demographics, millennials, et cetera? Or are you talking more income demographics? 
Laura Alber: One of the, I think, the greatest advantages of our multibrand company is that we have differing aesthetics, appeal to different types of customers at different life stages. And that, I think, is a really good place to be. You would like to see them all go up at the same time, but the reality is it gives us, like I'm sure in your portfolios, a hedge, if there's one certain area that is trending or not trending. And so what we're always looking for is the white space, both areas where none of the brands are covering or within a brand where we may not be performing to the level we think we should be. And so specifically, there's -- I think there's no brand that better understands the millennial customer than West Elm. And we've learned a lot through studying the -- what they're buying and how they're buying it and when they're buying it and what is appealing to them. And so that allows us to think, I think, really specifically about how to appeal to that customer in the other brands. And so we see a lot of opportunity, without losing our core customer, to appeal to a wider range of customers and to be very accessible to people. And as I've said earlier, accessibility is, I think, key and it's also important that you are providing inspiration, but you don't want to be so inspirational that you -- that people don't relate to you. And so that is a really key attribute of the way we're approaching our brand aesthetics and thinking about the future and thinking about stores that are extremely welcoming and energetic and new and fresh in great markets, and then how that translates to the websites. 
Operator: We'll next go to Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs. 
Matthew Fassler: Could you both size this investment in the Southeast DC, in particular? It seems like it's a pretty big item for this year. And then just to the extent that '15 and '16 are going to be below the algorithm and the world is changing, what will get easier to enable you to get back on that track? It feels like the competitive environment probably has been somewhat dynamic. Do you expect that to abate or have you incorporated those ongoing challenges in your thought process? 
Julie Whalen: Matt, I'll start. Basically, we haven't per se quantified it except to say that clearly, you can see that it's more than offsetting the related port benefit I think everyone expected us to get back. We are investing in some very long-term strategic areas for us to continue to drive our leadership position. So we're investing and supply chain, which is the new Southeast regional DC, which is going to allow us to get out of off-site which allows us to reduce occupancy, allows us to reduce labor and allows us to reduce labor on productivity. We're also investing in new systems to be able to get our inventory balanced correctly, which, obviously, drives efficiencies. And we're also investing in higher labor costs, which I think we can't underestimate, and we are not alone here. I don't know if other retailers have talked about it, but there's -- everybody is facing this. As the world is moving more to e-commerce, the -- getting distribution center talent, good talent is getting more and more competitive. So that is a reality that all retailers are facing right now. And so we are investing in that as well. With that said, as we sort of move throughout this year, I think some of the key things to know is that as we entered the end of the fourth quarter and as we entered into 2016, we saw out-of-markets improve, we saw better fulfill rates, we saw better back-order positioning and we saw reduced shipping costs. So all the things we were working on in the back half of the year are starting to pan out. Unfortunately, we have this offset with the -- short-term offset with the incremental costs of this DC, but as we move throughout the year, that also will start to leverage. And so when we enter the back half, definitely when we get into 2017, we will have supply chain efficiencies that we'll begin to leverage in a big way, plus when you add in these other areas that we've been investing in. So West Elm, again, great trajectory. I mean, we can't underestimate how strong that brand is and what that does to our bottom line. You can't underestimate the fact that our international is growing 25%. It's growing to $300 million this year, and we talked about how when that starts to leverage, that's a big influence on our op margin. We've talked about our smaller businesses, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham, same thing, they grew 40%, and when those start to grow that leverages the bottom line. So you put all that together, by '17 and '18, we think we're back to the races with our 3-year outlook. 
Laura Alber: And the second part of your question about what's going on in the world, and clearly, there's a lot of external factors, and many people have pointed to them, and frankly, we would prefer to be self-critical. We'd rather look at every area of our company that we can improve so that we can outperform no matter what environment is, hence, the 4 areas of focus that I reviewed in my prepared remarks. And also, we believe that the promotional environment will not recede and that no matter how you package a discount, a discount is a discount. And so we continue to go through a systematic category review so we can be sure that we are well positioned versus the competition, offer price on like items, and that we have superior quality. And so in summary, we have the changes we're making, and we have several structural advantages that we will continue to flex, including our exclusive design capabilities, our direct sourcing advantage, our sophisticated marketing capability. And we believe we'll see margin upside over time as we reduce less productive SKUs and fully rollout our new sophisticated inventory management system. 
Operator: We'll next go to Chris Horvers with JPMorgan. 
Christopher Horvers: So you're guiding to a much better trend in the first quarter than what you just put up in the fourth quarter. Can you talk about what's changing? What happened in the fourth quarter? Was it the screaming promotional level on the mall? Was it the tough traffic on the mall? Was it the consumer reacting to the stock market? Is it your improved in-stocks? So just give us some perspective on what seems to be a big difference between last quarter and the current quarter. 
Laura Alber: I'm going to start and then I'm going to let Pat finish. Yes, Q4 was tough across retail, and our top line came in lighter than we had planned. We got -- we had gotten off to a stronger start, and it was -- the toughest part of our quarter was the high-gifting time period. It was December. And Pottery Barn brands were the most affected, but frankly, we expected to see stronger performance in all of our brands as well. And if -- and so there was a lot of pressures on price points, there's the nature of gift-giving, and what I am very pleased to see is that we get -- as we get past that gift-giving period and people start to purchase for themselves and for their home, we're seeing better results. And Pat, you want talk about some of the marketing? 
Pat Connolly: Yes, sure. Chris, specifically, on the direct side of the business, we did see a decline over the single -- high single-digit performance we'd had all year. And although we're only about halfway through Q1, we are seeing a significant positive change compared to Q4, and I think we're confident in our ability to take market share, especially direct, and in all of our channels. We're focusing on improved product marketing to better communicate our product quality and differentiation. We're introducing more products in categories that perform particularly well online. We're accelerating, in particular, in our marketing, our personalized marketing efforts, our personalization, where we've had excellent results so far, and we're advancing these programs. And we're reallocating more of our marketing mix with an increased focus on digital and new customer acquisition marketing programs where we've seen good performance across the range of programs. So I think we can -- the combination of all those activities are driving positive results, and I think we'll continue -- we're going to continue to expand on them in the coming quarters. 
Christopher Horvers: Just one follow-up to that. I mean, do you think there were some questions about the high-end consumer? Obviously, you saw Resto [ph] and Nordstrom had made some commentary last summer. So was any of this element maybe a solidification of the -- your core customer? Now maybe the stock market's back in a better spot? 
Laura Alber: As I said earlier, we believe if we stay focused on the areas where we know we win, we will continue to be able to grow and -- across multiple customer areas because every customer is looking for value and great quality, and there's a lot of work that we can do to improve those areas for us. So we prefer to be self-critical, as I said earlier, than to look at these external factors. 
Operator: We'll go next go to Jessica Mace with Nomura. 
Jessica Schoen: My question is on the real estate strategy that you talked about. I was wondering if you could quantify the opportunity on some of the lower-traffic malls. I think you said 27 openings for 2016. If there's any guidance you can give us on repositions or closings as well, that would be helpful. 
Julie Whalen: The closures that are in our store guidance that we've provided to you guys today are not associated with any early terminations, and at this point, it's really too early to comment on specific leases and landlords and -- but I think the key is that we want to make clear our approach is changing. Our customers are driven by the experience. They want to engage. They feel a sense of community. So it needs to be local and it must be relevant. So we are looking carefully at our portfolio of leases, and we have very strong partnerships with our landlords, and that is leading to opportunities. But as far as the change and what has been provided to you in the guidance is our standard process of shutting those stores down at the end of their natural lease terminations because they don't meet our profitability hurdles or for whatever reason, plus the additions, which are 27, which are particularly in the West Elm brand, our fastest-growing brand. 
Operator: We'll take a question from Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. 
Simeon Gutman: I want to go back to the top line for a second. I know the comp was about 1, and we know in the industry grew a little bit faster than that. And I appreciate you being very self-critical, but I'm curious again to just try to focus on if it was a high-end customer that slowed, I mean, there was clearly some share shift. Are you seeing anything change from a consumer behavior perspective? Were they more item focused? Are they becoming -- are they not buying the full rooms as they once were? Just try to diagnose, and I guess, it may be moot if it's improving already this quarter, but it was a relative anomaly from a share perspective. And I'm just trying to understand it a little bit better. 
Laura Alber: I guess another way to maybe answer your question is that we continue to see very strong furniture growth. Where we saw weakness was in some of the gifting categories. West Elm is predominantly a furniture brand. 
Simeon Gutman: Right. 
Laura Alber: And we have -- our top customers are doing really well with us. We do look at the whole file, and it's really important to us that we have retention and that we have new customer growth as well, and we're always focused on both, all the way down the customer curve. But there isn't one standout piece other than we want more customers and we want them to shop more frequently with us and buy more and have great experiences. 
Operator: We'll next go to Brad Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Bradley Thomas: I wanted to ask about West Elm and sort of the bigger topic of revenues. You're clearly doing very well in growing the West Elm business. And to some extent you just answered this with your reference to still seeing strong furniture growth in Pottery Barn. So I guess, could you just give us your latest thoughts on what you're seeing in terms of overlap of customers between West Elm and some of your other brands, namely Pottery Barn, and how you're thinking about that dynamic evolving as you continue to grow the West Elm business? 
Laura Alber: It's a great question. We love to study those things, and we are very -- always concerned about any cannibalization. In fact, we haven't seen it. We've seen that when we do cross-brand work, whether it's catalog mailings or e-mails or digital marketing, we are seeing lift because it's related. And we do not see cannibalization. In terms of the crossover, it's highly competitive, so I'd rather not give you that information right now. But it's additive and it's incremental is what I would answer question on. 
Bradley Thomas: Great. And if I could squeeze in a housekeeping item for Julie, could you quantify for us perhaps how the growth of international may affect margins or operating income in 2016 relative to 2015? 
Julie Whalen: Well, it always depends, obviously, in the mix of the revenues. Clearly, in Q4, in particular, because we had much higher mix of international, in particular, franchise operations, relative to the domestic business given the softness we saw in Pottery Barn, it has a much bigger impact then on the gross margin. But as we continue to grow it, and to the extent the growth becomes -- or comes into the franchise, you'll see a negative impact on gross margin but a positive impact on the op margin. It's accretive, actually, to op margin. And from a top-level perspective, the more volume we have in international, regardless of where it comes from, is a positive because it starts to leverage our entire infrastructure. And so I think that's a real key takeaway and a great question. The fact that we've grown it by 25%, we're now at $300 million, and we're continuing to grow in every metric we're looking at looks for a continued improvement, that could be a huge driver for us as we move into the out years. 
Operator: We'll next go to Dan Binder with Jefferies. 
Daniel Binder: It's Dan Binder. On West Elm, yes, just looking at the comp store sales growth, still very strong, a little bit below where you had been earlier in the year, but you're also slowing -- it looks like you're slowing the store growth rate in closing 2 stores. I'm just curious, as you thought about your real estate strategy, what your thoughts were on West Elm specifically and the number of stores you think you ultimately could get to and whether there was some sort of significant change in the thought process. 
Laura Alber: We are very pleased with our new store performance and learning a lot about how big this brand can be by opening in a lot of different types of markets and putting additional stores in markets. And we're actually finding that probably the slightly bigger model, 13,000 versus 10,000, is better. We are constantly making improvements to the design and the services in our stores, and we'll continue to look for more opportunity. But we're diligent, so we don't want just to open stores to open stores. We're thrilled with the line-up we have for this year and the following year. And there's a lot of room for growth also in our direct business, and as I said earlier, in some other channels of business that we have identified because of the -- how innovative this team is and just seeing opportunity to take categories of furniture that are out there in the world and improve them. And so Workspace is a great example of that and a very big business that is not done through store and is not done through DTC either. It's done through dealers and will be a great brand halo and another way to extend the brand in the coming years. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Lasser with UBS. 
Michael Lasser: As you've seen improvement in the business into the first quarter, what have you noticed from the response to your promotions by the consumer? Have they become more effective? Has the overall promotional level within the industry become less intense? And has the improvement been due in part to less-giftable items comprising the first quarter than the fourth quarter? 
Laura Alber: Thank you. Lots of things. The -- and we do not see the promotional environment receding. There's a lot of people with a lot of different types of promotions, but we know that the customer is looking for the best value. They look at the offered price. They are looking at the quality, and the experience matters. I mean, delivering and receiving furniture is a really important part of the decision and the future purchase decision. And so we have been working on a lot of things for a while, and I think the combination of all of them is causing some improvements. And it's early, you guys, in the quarter, but we did want to tell you we're seeing some improved results, and we are going to build on successes we're seeing. And where we're not getting the results we want, we're incredibly critical, and we have time frames and action plans and people accountable for the improvements in those areas. 
Operator: We do have time for one last question from Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer. 
Brian Nagel: So if I'm hearing you correctly, yes, it seemed like that the sales weakness in the fourth quarter was much more tied to kind of the giftable categories, and we've had now an improvement here, at least early in the first quarter, but -- so the question I have is if we think about, particularly the Pottery Barn concepts, how much of that product -- how much of a shift in product mix is there through the holidays to giftable items? Those -- are those items -- is the product mix then again shifted now as we head into the spring? So I guess what I'm was asking is this, is there -- was there a category, or a shift that occurred that sort of, say, fueled the sales weakness, and now that category is largely gone? 
Laura Alber: It's so hard to know, right? I mean, you don't know if someone is buying it for themselves or buying it as a gift. You just know that they're not buying it as a gift when you get out of December, that's it's a self-purchase, and it's a very different dynamic. I mean, I think about ourselves as customers and how we shop. And I think we have to continually provide better services in the holiday season and even more convenient service next year. And then more innovative products because the truth is, our success makes other people look very closely at what we're doing and we need to make sure that we're constantly moving to the next great exciting key item versus being able to rely on past sellers. And that's an important change that we're making. And we already have started working on our holiday assortments for next year and looking at which things we should change and which things we should carry over and ensuring that we have exciting new things to buy. And at the same time, improving the service because that is a sea of a lot of noise at the holiday season, and we want customers to come to the mall and have a great experience with us. And we are pleased with the improvements we made this year, but we think we can do even more in the coming years in store. 
Brian Nagel: Helpful. And if I could just slip in one follow-up. And -- was there any type of geographic difference in sales as we think about this weakness that occurred? 
Laura Alber: Pat, you studied that. Do you want to answer that? 
Pat Connolly: Yes, I think there have been a number of questions about that, and we have looked at the performance of all of our brands, particularly in areas like Texas, Florida and Canada, and we're seeing no discernible difference in these markets compared to others. This is across all the brands and quite honestly, it really hasn't been a burning issue for us. 
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I'll now turn the conference call back over to Ms. Alber for any additional or closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: I want to thank all of you for joining us this afternoon. We really appreciate your time and your continued support, and we look forward to speaking with you again in May. 
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude our conference call for today. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-19 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, please stand by. We're about to begin. Welcome to this Williams-Sonoma Inc. Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. 
 I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Gabrielle Rabinovitch, Vice President of Investor Relations, to discuss non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking statements. Please go ahead. 
Gabrielle Rabinovitch: Thank you, Shannen. Good afternoon. This call should be considered in conjunction with the press release that we issued earlier today. This call may contain non-GAAP financial measures that exclude the impact of unusual business events. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and our explanation of why these non-GAAP financial measures are useful are discussed in our release. 
 This call also contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, trends, guidance, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2015 and beyond, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. 
 Please refer to the company's current press release and SEC filings, including the most recent 10-K and 10-Q, for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call. 
 I will now turn the conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer, to discuss our third quarter fiscal 2015 results. 
Laura Alber: Thank you, Gabrielle. Good afternoon, and thank you, all, for joining us today. On the call with me are Julie Whalen, our Chief Financial Officer; and Pat Connolly, our Chief Strategy and Business Officer. 
 We're pleased to be discussing our third quarter results today. These results speak to the power of our brands and our ability to execute our customer-focused strategy. We delivered total net revenue growth of 8% and EPS growth of 13%. 
 Looking ahead, while the retail landscape and consumer demand has been more volatile, we believe our balanced portfolio of differentiated brands and strong multichannel platform positions us for ongoing market share gains, and we are confident we'll deliver strong performance by focusing on what we do best, bringing innovative, functional and beautiful products to market, delivering exceptional customer service, developing our brands and managing our business to ensure we create sustainable value for our shareholders. 
 Over the past few years, we've articulated our vision to double the revenue of our business by growing domestically and through global expansion. We have a very deliberate approach to building brands, and we are always investing for the long term. Over the past several years, we have incubated new concepts and entered new markets, and these initiatives are now contributing to our results. Our portfolio approach gives us a competitive advantage. We are not limited to a single look, and our range of tasteful aesthetics allows us to address a broad market. 
 In our home furnishings brands from Williams-Sonoma Home to Pottery Barn, West Elm, and our developing Rejuvenation brand, we present a carefully edited range of aesthetics that stand for quality, good taste and product innovation that addresses the lifestyles and life stages of today's consumer. We are pursuing distinct strategies to grow each of our brands, and we are relentlessly focused on our customer and on proving our execution. Everything we do is through this lens; it determines our strategy and it guides our priorities. 
 In house at our San Francisco and Brooklyn studios, we design innovative, inspiring, high-quality products at a great value that reflects the way our customers live and entertain. Our products are developed with design, quality and consciousness as our focus, and we deeply believe that supply chain integrity and transparency is good business. Our customers continue to want a more engaging shopping experience and a deeper and more authentic connection with the brands to which they are loyal. Our customers also want a more integrated and frictionless shopping experience such that the purchase path is easy and intuitive, whether they're shopping in store, online via mobile, tablet or desktop, or at home with one of our design associates by their side. As a result, all of the investments we have been making are with these customer objectives in mind. 
 On our last call, we told you about a few major technology enhancements we have identified to improve customer service. In the third quarter, we made significant progress as it relates to these initiatives. We have started the rollout of our next-generation customer order visibility tool, which allows us to have improved visibility as products move through our supply chain from the manufacturer to the regional distribution hubs. The rollout on this project will continue through 2016. 
 We also recently launched improvements to our demand planning systems. We believe that this is a critical component for us to improve our in-stock levels, decrease transportation costs and improve customer service by improving local market in-stock position. We're excited to update you on the results of this program in future quarters. 
 In e-commerce, we have advanced our ability to serve targeted content to customers on our website. We are more relevant, timely and engaging as a result. When we personalize content, we see measurable and material conversion lift. Our custom-built platform provides us unique advantages that we'll continue to leverage with new and more robust campaigns in the quarters to come. We believe we're in the early stages and will continue to build on this foundation to drive incremental results. 
 In on-site search, we are deploying a big-data solution that leverages machine learning to better tune our search results. The initial results are very encouraging, and we look forward to updating you as we roll out the technology to all of our brands. We're also continuously finding ways to make our sites quicker, more functional, more easily navigated and more intuitive, especially as it relates to mobile. Providing a richer and more integrated shopping experience is a long-term priority, and we believe technology is essential to enabling an outstanding customer experience. 
 Heading into the holidays, we believe we are well positioned with exciting new product launches and gift collections. Across all of our brands, we believe we have a strong holiday lineup, and we have refined our peak season execution plans from our store operations, to our marketing cadence, to our supply chain. In store, we are focused on executing the fundamentals flawlessly and delivering outstanding customer service to make holiday shopping easy and efficient. In supply chain, we have implemented new processes and organized high-volume areas in our distribution complex to efficiently fulfill peak e-commerce volumes. 
 And this will be our 11th year partnering with St. Jude Children's Research Hospital on the Thanks and Giving campaign. Over the past 10 years, we have raised more than $30 million to help St. Jude continue leading the way the world treats and defeats childhood cancer and other life-threatening diseases. All of our brands are involved in this important cause. 
 In summary, we are ready for the holidays. 
 I would now like to update you on the global expansion of our brands, another significant long-term growth driver. During the third quarter, our international operations grew 46.5% and were meaningful contributors to our success. In our franchise operations, 8 stores were opened in Mexico City in the third quarter by our partner, Liverpool, a world-class retail operator in Mexico. The initial response has been outstanding, and by year-end, we expect there'll be 14 stores opened, and we are excited about the total potential in the region. 
 We're also continuing to see exceptional results with our partner, M.H. Alshaya. Our company-owned retail and e-commerce operations are also delivering strong growth in Australia and in the United Kingdom. We're gaining experience in these markets and we're doing a better job assorting to local tastes and preferences. We're also beginning to leverage our cost structure.  
 In addition, I'd like to update you on our first shop-in-shop partnership with John Lewis in London. In September, we opened a West Elm boutique in the John Lewis store on Oxford Street. Sales have exceeded expectations and have also driven increased traffic and sales to our West Elm London store and website. We had more than 9 million media and social impressions in our first week. We'll be expanding this relationship with John Lewis in 2016, and we believe that there is significant potential for this type of partnership model across Europe and other areas of the world. We are aggressively pursuing franchise and shop-in-shop opportunities around the world and expect to announce more of these partnerships in various formats in the future. 
 Now I'd like to discuss the Pottery Barn brand. In the third quarter, Pottery Barn comparable brand revenues increased 2% on top of 7% in 2014. We had strong growth where we offered newness and we saw strength across our living room, upholstery and home furnishings offerings. However, we did see some softness in other categories. We recognize that the Pottery Barn brand could be more impacted by the current retail environment and we are relentless in our focus on the things in our control. And it is clear to us that we win when we deliver product category dominance and innovation. 
 Pottery Barn has a unique positioning in the marketplace as the premier specialty casual home furnishings retailer. We deliver quality products, exceptional value and outstanding service. But like any successful brand, innovation and continuous improvement is key. And there are 3 areas where we are hyper focused. First, product innovation. We have identified specific product initiatives to drive innovation. Second, marketing. We also believe that there is a greater potential to market the authentic story of our products and why they are higher quality and better value than our competition. Lastly, customer experience. All of the work that we have been doing in our supply chain will benefit Pottery Barn. We know that if we deliver the best experience in home delivery, this will further set us apart from the competition. 
 As we head into the holidays, we believe our compelling seasonal product lineups, in conjunction with a more strategic marketing calendar, will enable us to drive performance in the fourth quarter in Pottery Barn. We also have the opportunity to deliver better service because we have better in-stock position. 
 Now I'd like to discuss Pottery Barn Kids. In the third quarter, Pottery Barn Kids delivered 4.7% comparable brand revenue growth. Strength in our furniture business and an outstanding back-to-school season drove this performance. And we executed a successful Halloween strategy that contributed to our results in the quarter. 
 Our focus on product innovation and newness, in addition to our competitive marketing calendar, helped fuel our Q3 business. 
 In the quarter we launched our holiday assortments, and we believe we have a strong lineup for the holiday season. We're featuring dream rooms with whimsical beds like our new Millennium Falcon Star Wars bed, complete with bedding and decor, and we have delivered new and innovative gifts for babies, toddlers and kids as well as an expanded playroom offering. Our gifts represent the unique design and lasting quality for which Pottery Barn Kids stands, and we'll be the destination for kid-friendly holiday decorating, from stockings to ornaments, tabletop trimmings and decor. 
 As we turn our focus to 2016, we're excited about the momentum building with our collaboration strategies. In January, our exclusive nursery collaboration with celebrity stylists and fashion designers Emily Current and Meritt Elliott launches with a fresh look for the brand that speaks to the millennial mom. 
 And earlier this week, we're also thrilled to announce our collaboration with Monique Lhuillier, one of the fashion industry's preeminent designers. Launched in the first quarter, the collaboration includes furniture, decorative accessories and textiles. It captures her sophisticated and glamorous design aesthetic, and is inspired by her experience as a mother and a designer. 
 Moving to Pottery Barn Teen. In the third quarter, comparable brand revenue for Pottery Barn Teen declined 0.9%. Strength in our furniture business and decorative accessory categories was offset by weakness in our textile business. Our high-quality furniture offering delivered solid results for the brand. Softer trends in bedding, which we discussed in our second quarter earnings call, persisted throughout the quarter. The moment we saw this weakness, we moved quickly to strengthen our product pipeline and improve our marketing. 
 As we move into the holiday season, we shift into gift giving, and we are excited about our proprietary and innovative gifting assortment, including our fourth quarter product collaborations. We are launching online in December and in-store in January an exclusive collection of decorative accessories and textiles with lifestyle blogger Meg DeAngelis. Known as MayBaby on YouTube, Meg DeAngelis is one of YouTube's rising stars with close to 4 million YouTube subscribers and more than 500,000 followers on Twitter. Each piece in the collection embodies Meg's mission to empower and build confidence, which is brought to life through vibrant colors and playful prints. 
 Our limited edition Peanuts-inspired collection celebrating Charles M. Schulz, the 65th anniversary of the Peanuts comic strip, and the release of The Peanuts Movie on November 6, is also a highlight of our seasonal offering. In addition, our standout gifts this year include media chairs that are compatible with gaming consoles and incorporate a Bluetooth audio system as well as the perfect bedroom seating options for teens.  
 In addition to product innovation and quality, we are evolving PBteen to reflect the way teens live and interact, recognizing them for who they are and supporting them in their uniqueness. We'll speak to teens in a smart and empowering way that is authentic, and inspire them with fresh decorating ideas and aspirational environments. We look forward to sharing our progress with you in the coming quarters. 
 Next, I'd like to discuss Williams-Sonoma. For the third quarter, the Williams-Sonoma brand delivered 1.2% comparable brand revenue growth with outperformance in cookware, electrics, cutlery and our growing Williams-Sonoma Home business. Proprietary and exclusive launches as well key vendor product introductions drove success in the quarter. Strong introductions in electric more than offset weaker-than-expected performance in our early autumn food assortments. We also saw great results in our proprietary entertaining and tabletop collections, which continue to become a more significant percentage of our mix. 
 In Q3, we continued to see strong results both online and in-store in Williams-Sonoma Home. A key initiative was to broaden the assortment in our best-performing looks, and it's working. We're also pleased with the ongoing rollout of Williams-Sonoma Home at retail. Williams-Sonoma Home offers chic and timeless designs of the highest quality. It's carving out a unique position in the marketplace with luxurious materials, sleek silhouettes, and a fearless use of print, pattern and color. Our success is indicative that this brand has a lot of room for growth, both online, at retail and with the trade community. 
 In addition, on October 2, we celebrated Chuck Williams' 100th birthday. To celebrate this milestone, Williams-Sonoma unveiled a limited-edition collection of Chuck's favorite products featuring his signature, as well as a new cookbook, Cooking at Home, that honors his legacy. 
 The third quarter also marked Williams-Sonoma's fourth fundraising campaign benefiting Share Our Strength's No Kid Hungry program. Williams-Sonoma raised more than $650,000 during the campaign. Fundraising efforts included customer donations both in-store and online, store events, limited-edition products such as the incredibly popular celebrity-designed spatulas, and corporate fundraising. 
 Heading into the holiday season, we believe we are well positioned to deliver in the fourth quarter. In addition, we have new marketing strategies we believe will be effective, and we have a strong seasonal lineup of gifts, and we are ready to execute. 
 Today, I wanted to take a little more time talking about West Elm. The West Elm brand continues to deliver exceptional results. Comparable brand revenue increased by 15.7%, on top of 17.4% last year, marking 23 consecutive quarters of double-digit comparable brand revenue growth. In the third quarter, we successfully opened 6 company-owned West Elm stores, 2 franchise stores were opened in Mexico, and we opened the West Elm shop-in-shop store in London. By the end of the year, West Elm had opened 18 new company stores and 4 new franchise locations across the globe, bringing our total global company store count to 87 and our total franchise count to 9. 
 West Elm's success is firmly rooted in its deep understanding of what millennial and millennial-minded customers feel is important in their purchasing decisions. West Elm is connecting with its customer like no other home furnishings brand. At the same time, West Elm continues to appeal to a broad demographic and psychographic customer base. The brand is also uniquely positioned with customers who are attracted to West Elm's aesthetic, relationship-driven community initiatives and authentic commitment to conscious business practices. 
 Human connections still matter in the digital age, and at West Elm, we are successfully layering our world-class customer insights with our innovative high-touch shopkeeper program, balancing the science and art of retail. Data science will continue to provide invaluable insights on customer behavior and buying trends, but by empowering our store managers to run their stores like small businesses and forge deep community connections through our West Elm LOCAL program, we're essentially running the brand as a collection of unique small retailers linked with the powerful data and technology of a global enterprise. 
 We have successfully reengineered our allocation strategy with tools that allow our store managers to handpick and create assortments that are reflective of their community and the customers where the stores are located. We are one of the first major brands to host in retail pop-up shops, starting with Etsy back in 2010. We continue to host a regular cadence of events, workshops, classes, meet-ups and community-driven activities in all of our stores. And as other retailers announced the introduction of local assortments into their stores, we are celebrating our network of more than 500 makers and building a pipeline for supporting our partners through expanded collaborations and manufacturing relationships. 
 Our stores are running community-based Facebook pages and Instagram accounts. And part of the reason West Elm has had such a strong and authentic social media presence is that we've known all along that social media is not a data-driven platform. By definition, social is characteristic of living things, not machines. So while our store social accounts allow for segmented and local marketing and communication, we remain focused on building our social communities as a platform for human interaction to connect with our customers. In social, many of our customers choose to talk about West Elm because we reflect their values. 
 Building on our commitment to conscious business practices and impact sourcing, in the third quarter, we announced a new Clinton Global Initiative commitment to Action in partnership with Fair Trade USA, taking fair trade from farms to factories. As an early adopter of the Fair Trade Factory program, West Elm joined Fair Trade USA and 20 other partners to improve working conditions and enable sustainable livelihood for factory workers. Specifically, West Elm committed to certify as Fair Trade more than 20% of the brand's assortment by 2017 and 40% by 2019. 
 West Elm's investments include supporting certification of more than 10 new factories, contributing over $1 million in premiums that will improve the lives of over 10,000 workers during the course of the commitment. These are big goals, but we're confident we can reach them. And our hope is that our leadership in the market will compel other retailers to improve working conditions and wages for artisans and factory workers around the world.  Overall, we remain highly confident that the unique relationship that West Elm has with its customers will propel the brand's growth in our core business and into new areas of business around the world. 
 I would now like to discuss the results of our 2 developing brands: Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham. Both of these brands are delivering strong performance and contributed to our third quarter results. Rejuvenation delivered a very strong and profitable third quarter. As Rejuvenation's transformation into a lifestyle brand rooted in craftsmanship and fashion design continues, we have seen solid performance across both our emerging categories in addition to our core lighting and hardware businesses. 
 In the third quarter, we saw a great response to the comprehensive introduction of our Northwest Modern assortment, an aesthetic inspired by modern design and the lushness of the Pacific Northwest. And throughout the balance of the year, we are layering new product launches on top of this successful foundation. 
 Our marketing continues to be effective and profitable, and we have seen new customer growth accelerate across our consumer trade and contract segments. We opened our sixth store in October at Ponce City Market in Atlanta, in addition to expanding our trade presence in the region, and see this location as the hub of our large and expanding base of sales in the Southeast. We believe that Rejuvenation has a very exciting road ahead, and we look forward to keeping you updated on the progress in this brand. Rejuvenation has the potential to be a significant multichannel lifestyle brand and a meaningful contributor to future growth. 
 Finally, I would like to discuss Mark and Graham. We're pleased with the development of Mark and Graham, which continued to see great sales momentum and profitability resulting from successful new product introductions and improved operations. In the third quarter, our personal accessories and home decor categories drove brand performance. We've also introduced new personalization techniques and expanded monogramming options across our assortments. In addition, our refined marketing approach has led to more productive email and catalog marketing. This holiday season, we're excited about our preppy, chic assortment of thoughtful gifts. Our collection is inspired by rustic cabin style with plaids, blankets and pillows, Fair Isle knits, faux fur accessories, and totes and travel gear. In January, we'll kick off a year of celebrations with new tabletops and personal accessory introductions in fresh color palettes. 
 I would now like to turn the call over to Julie to review our financial results in detail. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon, everyone. We are pleased with the results we are reporting today. During the quarter, we delivered revenue growth of 8% and earnings growth of 13%, further demonstrating the power of our portfolio of high-performing brands and our multichannel approach as well as the continued success of our long-term growth initiatives. 
 In the third quarter, net revenues exceeded our expectations, increasing 7.8% to $1,232,000,000, with comparable brand revenues increasing 4.5% on top of 8.7% last year. Revenue growth in the quarter once again far exceeded growth in the furniture and home furnishings industry. 
 Net revenues in our e-commerce channel grew 7% or 22.7% on a 2-year basis to $628 million and represented 51% of net revenues, with growth primarily resulting from the continued strength we are seeing in the West Elm brand. Net revenues in our retail channel grew 8.6% to $604 million, which reflects the momentum we are seeing from our long-term growth initiatives, particularly in our international operations and West Elm. 
 Excluding the growth of our international operations, our retail channel grew 4.3%. During the quarter, across both channels, our international operations saw revenue growth of 46.5%, reaching $80 million, and West Elm drove revenue growth of over 22.8%, including comparable brand revenue growth of 15.7%. 
 Gross margin for the third quarter was 36.6% versus 37.7% last year, with pure merchandise margins only slightly down to last year and remaining essentially flat year-to-date. The year-over-year gross margin decline reflects lower selling margins, particularly associated with higher franchise revenues, which are dilutive to gross margins but accretive to operating margins, as well as higher shipping and fulfillment-related costs, partially offset by occupancy costs, which leveraged 60 basis points to 12.9% of net revenues or $159 million. 
 As mentioned on our last call, this quarter, we expected to incur higher shipping and fulfillment-related costs associated with out-of-market shipping and multiple deliveries on a single order to improve our customer service levels while we rebalance our inventory between our regional distribution centers. 
 SG&A improved 100 basis points in the third quarter to 27.6% versus 28.6% in 2014. The improvement in SG&A was primarily driven by advertising efficiencies, the leverage of employment, primarily related to higher franchise revenues, as well as the leverage of general expenses. 
 In the third quarter, total company operating margin was 9% versus 9.2% in 2014. By channel, the operating margin in the e-commerce channel was 21.9% versus 23.3% in 2014, primarily driven by higher shipping and fulfillment-related costs, partially offset by advertising efficiencies. And in the retail channel, the operating margin was 8.1% versus 9% last year, primarily driven by lower selling margins from higher franchise revenues and higher shipping and fulfillment-related costs, partially offset by occupancy and employment leverage. 
 Corporate unallocated expenses leveraged 100 basis points, primarily due to lower general expenses and the leverage of employment and occupancy costs. Our third quarter tax rate decreased from 37.9% to 36.1%, reflecting the favorable resolution of certain income tax matters within the quarter and our higher year-over-year earnings from international operations. These results drove a 13% increase in third quarter earnings per share to $0.77. 
 Moving to the balance sheet, cash at the end of the quarter was $72 million. Given the seasonality of our business, our cash levels reach their lowest point at this time of the year as we fund our business ahead of the holiday selling season. In addition, year-to-date, we have returned nearly $300 million in cash to our shareholders, of which $103 million was in the third quarter, consisting of $71 million in stock repurchases and $32 million in dividends. Merchandise inventories increased 12.5% to $1.1 billion at the end of the third quarter, which includes a year-over-year increase of inventory on hand and available for sale of 10.7%. Entering our peak selling season, we believe our inventory levels position us well to execute our holiday plans. 
 I would now like to discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal 2015 guidance. We expect to deliver another year of strong results for our shareholders. For the fourth quarter, we expect to grow net revenues to a range of $1,575,000,000 to $1,630,000,000, with comparable brand revenue growth in the range of 2% to 5%. We expect our fourth quarter operating margin to be relatively in line with last year, and we are guiding our earnings per share to be in the range of $1.53 to $1.62. 
 For the full year, we have raised the low end of our revenue and earnings guidance. All other guidance remains the same. As such, we now expect to grow net revenues to a range of $4,965,000,000 to $5,020,000,000. And we now expect to grow diluted earnings per share to a range of $3.36 to $3.45. The guidance we are providing today does not contemplate any material changes in the retail landscape or the broader economy. 
 In summary, as we head into this holiday selling season, we believe we are well positioned to deliver for our customers and our shareholders. Our competitive advantages, including our portfolio of brands and our multichannel business model, position us for success. In addition, the continued momentum in our strategic growth initiatives gives us further confidence in our longer-term ability to more than double our revenues and deliver sustainable profitable growth. 
 I would now like to open the call for questions. But before that, I would like to wish all of you a very happy holiday. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Daniel Hofkin with William Blair. 
Daniel Hofkin: Just a couple of questions regarding the environment, maybe to the degree that you're able to kind of parsing out your -- the overall consumer spending pattern versus competitive factors, either brick and mortar or online, versus areas where you feel like maybe the execution could have been a little bit better. You talked about some areas within Pottery Barn. I'd be interested, as it relates to Pottery Barn and the Williams-Sonoma brands in particular, kind of how you would divide up the performance, again, around just the overall consumer landscape, competition and your own performance and opportunities to improve that. And then I just have one quick follow-up. 
Laura Alber: Sure. Thanks, Daniel. It's Laura. Now I have to tell you, I'm optimistic about the holiday season. Yes, we've seen some retrenching this fall, and retailers, and even some really good retailers, have given some mixed reports out there. But there's also a lot of good news out there, too. And we know that our customers love their homes, and the holiday season is a time to decorate, entertain and also to be generous with gifts for your family and friends. And I believe that consumers will shop at retailers that they trust and who have compelling products and in-store experiences. And I think as you go to the stores, whether you go to a mall or a great street, we're going to be top of the list in terms of destination. It's really hard, I think, to resist going into our stores during the holiday season. They are, in my opinion, holiday wonderlands. Our Williams-Sonoma stores are, I think, part of people's holiday shopping tradition with their amazing tastes and aromas and wonderful gifting assortments this year. And Pottery Barn has incredible decorating and beautiful trees on display in their stores right now and inspiring tablescapes. For Pottery Barn Kids and Teen, I can't help but think that those great nostalgic gift assortments will give our customers a great alternative to electronics. And West Elm has distinctive and chic entertaining and gift-giving options at a great value. The other thing that makes us different is that -- small thing, but across all of our brands, we have free giftwrap in store and we're ready to offer that high-touch one-on-one service that people are looking for. I believe our online experience and service offer there is equally compelling. We spent so much time looking at our gift assortments and the gift experience online, and also personalizing that digital experience based on our consumers' preferences. So in summary, we're always looking for things we can do better. We've been preparing all year for this holiday season, and we're excited and ready to serve our customers. 
Daniel Hofkin: Okay, great. And then thinking about looking out over the -- I mean, I know you haven't given guidance for next year, but hearing you guys talking about some of the additional investments on a number of fronts, if you think about next year, does it make sense to think about sort of maybe a lesser rate of operating margin expansion relative to what maybe a typical year might be at this early stage? 
Julie Whalen: Yes, Dan. This is Julie. Obviously, you're right. We have not given guidance for 2016. We're not prepared to do that today. But what we are excited about is investing in the future and our future growth. And I think today's result is a great demonstration of some of the things we've been investing in that have actually come to life, like our international growth. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Benedict with Robert Baird. 
Peter Benedict: I guess, first, just, Julie, how are you thinking about capital allocation these days? Specifically, I'm curious kind of your view of buybacks and how opportunistic you're willing to get when the stock is down. 
Julie Whalen: Our approach for capital allocation has not changed. We're going to continue to be balanced and, first and foremost, invest in the business because that's clearly where we get the biggest returns. And then with excess cash, share it between buybacks and dividends. And so our approach to that has not changed regardless. 
Peter Benedict: Okay. And then one quick follow-up, just on the fourth quarter tax rate. It looks like it's implied north of 40%. Year-to-date you've been more like 36%, 37%. Is that international playing a bigger role there? Or are there other factors that we should be thinking about in terms of taxes for the fourth quarter? 
Julie Whalen: Sure. With our quarterly tax rate, it's always subject to variation. In the prior quarters, including this one, we did have some favorable tax resolutions, and we also had, which is fantastic, some higher-than-expected earnings from our international operations, which has a double benefit of lowering our taxes. But going forward, given the size of our Q4 business and the -- and our expected mix of earnings in Q4, we looked at the sensitivities and believe that this time our tax guidance is appropriate. Of course, it's possible on the year we could end up with a lower tax rate, but it's really still early in our largest quarter to make that call. But the good news is we do expect and have seen that, over time, our tax rate will decrease as our international business becomes larger and more profitable. 
Operator: Next question comes from David Magee with SunTrust. 
David Magee: Yes. Can you just talk a little bit more about the inventories? And did they meet your plan at quarter-end, and what your expectation would be at year-end? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. So our inventories, as we said on the call, grew about 12.5%. We feel good about the in-stock position at 10.7%. Of course, there's always pockets of under and overstocks, but we believe this level of inventory on hand leaves us well positioned for the holiday selling season. I think we have to remember that from a guidance perspective we don't necessarily guide inventory levels, except to say that we're focused on maintaining in-stock inventory levels to ensure great customer service. And we think we're well positioned for the holiday season as we enter the new year. So we feel good about the inventory. 
David Magee: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up. The -- in the overseas sales, international business, are you seeing gross margins that are comparable to domestic, above or below? Just sort of curious there. 
Julie Whalen: We haven't provided or disclosed that. If you're referencing what I was alluding to in the script, that's associated with our franchise revenues. And our franchise revenues -- obviously, the details of our deals are confidential and competitive, but what I can say is that franchise deals have a different revenue model than a regular customer sale. And depending on the deal structure, these transactions can be dilutive to gross margin but accretive to operating margin. So the higher the franchise revenues in any given quarter, they put more pressure on the gross margin. But I would not make that conclusion per se with company-owned stores. But we haven't disclosed that. 
Operator: Next question comes from Chris Horvers with JPMorgan. 
Christopher Horvers: So following up on the first question and thinking about the wider comp guide for the fourth quarter, 2% to 5%, historically more like a 3% to 5%, 4% to 6% kind of a range. Have you seen change in the momentum in the business? What's behind the wider guide for the fourth quarter? Was there a change in trend that you're seeing at the end of the quarter that you're trying to put into the guidance? And basically, any thoughts there. 
Julie Whalen: Okay. Chris, I'll take it. This is Julie. I think what's important to remember is that this quarter is always so difficult to read. Our revenue guidance reflects our best estimate 2.5 weeks into the largest quarter that we have, and it reflects our possible range of outcomes across all of our brands. It's also important to remember that the Williams-Sonoma brand becomes a larger piece of the mix this quarter than in other quarters, and historically has had lower comps than our pure home furnishings brands. So the other thing is that we've had great revenue contribution from our international businesses. And as we head into our peak season, our international business is expected to take on less importance relative to our domestic business. So that, plus with the customer always seeming to shop later and later each time for the holidays, the business is hard to read 2.5 weeks into the quarter. So we felt that it was prudent to hold our guidance on the year, and this is how the comps played out. 
Christopher Horvers: All right. So holding the guidance for the year was -- so the 2% to 5% fell out of that equation based on what you did year-to-date. 
Julie Whalen: Absolutely. 
Christopher Horvers: Okay. And then was the gross margin performance, relative to your own expectations for the quarter, in line with where you thought it was going to be? And was there any hangover from the returns and damages side that you saw in the second quarter? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. From the shipping and fulfillment-related costs side, it is where we thought it would be. The part that's a little bit of a surprise is the higher franchise revenues, which is a great surprise to have, which as I mentioned puts -- unfortunately, is dilutive to the gross margin, but it's accretive to the op margin. So optically it looks "worse" on the gross margin line, but everything else was within our expectations. 
Operator: And we'll go ahead and move to our next question from Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs. 
Matthew Fassler: My first question relates to the impact of the international business in Q4. Julie, you alluded to the notion that it would be smaller in the fourth quarter than in the other quarters, but it was 3 percentage points in Q -- the delta between total and comp store sales, which I presume is -- or total and comp brand sales, which I presume is largely international, was over 3 percentage points in Q3. It was over 2 percentage points in Q2. It's very, very small, less than 1% in the guidance when you look at the difference between your guided total sales growth and the 2% to 5% comp brand growth. So is it really going to be that small during the fourth quarter? Is there room for that number to move around a bit? 
Julie Whalen: Well, I mean, that's what our expectations are today. Also, in Q3, the new West Elm stores contributed to that delta between the comp and the revenue growth. But obviously, we'd love to see that not be the case. But given the size of Q4, it's likely that the outperformance on the international revenue side will not be as pronounced relative to the comp. 
Matthew Fassler: And then if you think about the impact of the international business getting bigger within the mix on the gross margin rate and on the SG&A dollars, can you give us a sense of how much of that dynamic -- I understand it's accretive to earnings, but how much that dynamic would have impacted margin rate within the various factors that moved it around in Q3? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. I mean, we haven't quantified the exact basis points of how much of the gross margin was associated with higher franchise revenues. I, however, did list it first, and so we do put things in order so you could tell it's very material. Also, when you look at the SG&A, there has been occupancy and employment leverage and a leverage across the board. And specifically within the retail channel, you see it materially from the other side of the franchise equation because, basically, you have the hit to gross margin and you have essentially no SG&A. So the profit drops to the op margin. 
Matthew Fassler: So presumably, the reason -- presumably, if international revenues are smaller in Q4, that could be a reason for gross margin to be down less? 
Julie Whalen: Presumably, yes. 
Operator: Next question comes from Greg Melich with Evercore ISI. 
Gregory Melich: I want to follow up on gross margin as well, but understanding the shipping costs a little bit more and sort of where we are in that transition. I know that it was a pressure last quarter. Was it greater this quarter? And if you look at it, I imagine, that's showing up in the e-commerce business with the continued decline in margin there. So just talking through -- or just maybe, is that still a profit center for you, shipping? And where are we now in that curve as the market changes? 
Julie Whalen: Okay. We are not disclosing the incremental shipping and fulfillment-related costs, except to say, similar to what I said to Matt, that it's one of the main drivers of our lower gross margin, it's the second thing I listed. And we did indicate in our call last time that we'd expect this would continue into the back half of the year. It did continue as we expected. And we expect that it will continue into Q4. It's important that we're incurring these out-of-market shipping and multiple deliveries on a single order to ensure high customer service levels. And especially throughout the holidays, we think it's important to continue to do that. Longer term, once we have completed the regionalization of our distribution centers and we have implemented the necessary technology, which includes inventory tools that will allow us to better forecast our inventory flow and space capacity requirements by DC, brand and channel, as well as future system enhancements that will give us better customer order visibility, we will see a reduction in our supply chain costs. But even more importantly on this point, we believe further developing our supply chain today to be more agile and adaptable will enhance our sustainable competitive advantage. So it's going to put an even greater distance between us and our competition and enable us to provide the best customer service experience in our industry. And we are excited about the future. 
Gregory Melich: And you mentioned, I think, repositioning inventory as part of the cost of that. Is that unusually elevated right now because of what you are doing? Or is that sort of -- do you expect that to be an ongoing thing while we build this out? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. So I think it's important to think about the higher levels of inventory required to be sufficiently in stock regionally. This is a competitive advantage as, longer term, it not only, obviously, minimizes being out of stock, but it lowers our delivery costs and improves our delivery time to the customer. Our primary objective has been to be in stock to serve the customer. And so we've been increasing inventory levels from a position that we thought was negatively impacting sales. And we also want to get our merchandise, particularly our larger items, to our customers more quickly. And so we're accomplishing this through regional distribution. Over the immediate term, this increases our inventory levels, but longer term, once we've implemented the necessary demand planning tools that I mentioned, we'll be more effective at inventory allocation between the distribution centers, allowing our inventory levels to moderate over time. 
Operator: Next question comes from Neely Tamminga with Piper Jaffray. 
Kayla Berg: This is Kayla Wesser on for Neely today. My first question is, the amount of newness in the catalog for core Williams-Sonoma appears to have really stepped up as we begin getting ready for the holiday season here. Just wondering if you could speak to whether this strategy is helping you acquire new customers or reengaging lapsed customers. 
Laura Alber: Thank you for the question. We have been really focused on our products pipeline, and on the last call I mentioned that we're going to have a lot of new instructions in Q3 and we did and they're working. And we have what I think is a very exciting holiday assortment, a combination of great entertaining and also gift-giving ideas and across a wide range of categories where I think our customers have grown to love us for the nostalgic candies that we sell, but also always want to see the new things that we have. We've seen strength both in our proprietary products, but also in our branded products. And we've developed incredible relationships with a lot of these key brands and really are the place that people want to buy gifts for -- in the holidays. And so we have equal optimism around branded as we do around proprietary products for this holiday season. 
Kayla Berg: And then a follow-up on Pottery Barn Teen. You mentioned some weakness in textiles in Q2 and Q3, and I know that it shifts more towards gift giving in Q4. Just wondering, though, if we think about your bedding and textiles business, have you -- do you feel like you've identified the issues and fixed them, or is there still some more room for improvement in holiday and even into Q2 and -- Q1 and beyond? 
Laura Alber: I always think there's more room for improvement in everything. We're very self-critical. The assortments that we have coming, I think, are gorgeous and really differentiated. There's a lot of people watching what we do and getting into this business, and that competition makes us better and makes us differentiate. And also, our -- there's not a lot of people that have our supply chain. We're vertical, so we can get better costs and our scale allows us to deliver better value: cost, quality, relationship. And so as we look at next year, we see some clear opportunities, highly competitive, so I don't want to go through the details of such. But we see some clear opportunities quarter-to-quarter for PBteen. 
Operator: We have time for one last question from Cristina Fernndez, Telsey Advisory Group. 
Cristina Fernandez: I wanted to ask about the customer satisfaction scores, particularly at Pottery Barn. I know those had deteriorated a little bit last quarter just given the inventory issues. Have you seen that improve? And also, how much do think that weighted on the Pottery Barn comp this quarter? 
Laura Alber: It's a great question. Thank you for that. Customer service is our primary objective, and our goal is to build a capability that delivers the most convenient and damage-free experience in the furniture industry. And over the past 3 years, our Pottery Barn furniture sales have grown tremendously. We're going to deliver a ton of furniture into our customers' homes this year. We've always done this better than most, but we see opportunity to take our capability to the next level, much like we did in e-commerce 5 years ago. And so we've been investing, as we've talked about, and advanced our delivery platform beyond the current state of the art. Every customer piece of feedback that we get we not only fix with the customer but we root cause it and learn from it and make sure that we're not -- we don't have a bigger opportunity. And customers are very demanding and they are going to continue to expect more, and that is why we're making this such a focus, because we believe we have the opportunity to totally disrupt the furniture business with our world-class delivery. 
Cristina Fernandez: And then a follow-up. As far as promotions, you talked about the merchandise margin being slightly down versus last year, but fulfillment costs being higher. And I know a lot of it is related to the inventory issues, but how much the free shipping promotions were a factor this quarter? 
Julie Whalen: It wasn't a factor at all. It's not an issue from more free ship or lower shipping income levels. It's 100% due to higher shipping costs from our decision to provide the best level of customer service by shipping out of market and having multiple deliveries on a single order. 
Operator: And that does conclude our question-and-answer session for today. I'll now turn the conference back over to Ms. Alber for any additional or closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: Thank you all for joining us today, and we really appreciate your time and your continued support. And we look forward to speaking with you again in March. Happy holidays, everyone. 
Operator: Thank you, and that does conclude our conference call for today. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Gabrielle Rabinovitch, Vice President of Investor Relations, to discuss non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking statements. Please go ahead, ma'am. 
Gabrielle Rabinovitch: Thank you, Tom. Good afternoon. This call should be considered in conjunction with the press release that we issued earlier today. This call may contain non-GAAP financial measures that exclude the impact of unusual business events. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and our explanation of why these non-GAAP financial measures are useful are discussed in our release.
 This call also contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, trends, guidance, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2015 and beyond and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements.
 Please refer to the company's current press releases and SEC filings, including the most recent 10-K and 10-Q, for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call.
 I will now turn the conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer, to discuss our second quarter fiscal 2015 results. 
Laura Alber: Thank you, Gabrielle. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. On the call with me are Julie Whalen, our Chief Financial Officer; and Pat Connolly, our Chief Strategy and Business Development Officer. We're pleased to be discussing our second quarter 2015 results with you today.
 In the second quarter, net revenues grew 8.5%, with comp brand revenue growth of 6.3%. We are pleased to have delivered another quarter of solid performance, once again demonstrating the competitive advantage from our multi-brand, multichannel business model. We believe that our balanced approach, which leverages the capabilities of each channel, is differentiated and will allow us to drive continued market share growth in the future.
 We have an intense focus on the evolving shopping patterns of our customers and the opportunity we have to deliver an exceptional experience. As always, we are focused on disciplined execution against our long-term growth initiatives.
 Towards the end of the second quarter, our stock position materially improved as we received inventory in our core products as well as our early fall and back-to-school floor sets and collections. We saw significant improvement in our order fill rates as inventory levels recovered, and we are committed to providing high levels of customer service through the back half of the year.
 We also continued to invest in our supply chain technology infrastructure and our e-commerce capabilities in Q2. In supply chain, we continue to focus on enhancing inventory planning and allocation systems and we are upgrading our customer order visibility tools. In e-commerce, we are improving our on-site search experience, personalizing content on our websites and enhancing our mobile shopping experience. Across all these initiatives, we made meaningful progress in the second quarter.
 Now I'd like to update you on the developments in our brands, starting with Pottery Barn. In the second quarter of 2015, Pottery Barn delivered 6.5% -- 6.4% comparable brand revenue growth. Both our indoor and outdoor furniture businesses drove this performance. A key product strategy that drove this increase is our upholstery expansion. We offer high-quality upholstery at great prices in styles that our customers want.
 Our expanded innovative offering in outdoor furniture collections also drove meaningful growth. And we had a strong response to our seasonal prints and patterns in our textile businesses, with notable strength in our early fall collection of paisleys that launched in July.
 At retail, we continue to offer differentiated free interior design services and inspiring visual vignettes. And in e-commerce, our well-developed assortment allows us to both extend the offer beyond the physical space and be relevant to our customers' life stages and lifestyles. In the second quarter, across both our retail and e-commerce channels, Pottery Barn delivered solid results.
 During the quarter, we also expanded our ecofriendly assortment of furniture and home furnishings. We believe that the quality of our products goes beyond beautiful designs to include what they are made of and how they are made, including the responsible use of raw materials. Increasingly, we are using organic cotton in our textiles, recycled and reclaimed materials and wood certified by the Forest Stewardship Council. We are especially proud to introduce our PB Comfort Eco Sofa this quarter.
 In addition, we have introduced new reclaimed wood collections, rugs crafted from recycled plastic bottles and have added more sustainably sourced materials in our sheeting collections. We launched a new brand advertising campaign in the second quarter across print, digital and social media. Our customers love their homes, and like any great campaign, this campaign is emotion-based and illustrates the comfortable, casual lifestyle for which Pottery Barn has become synonymous. New customer growth is one of our key priorities, and we continue to test ways to acquire new customers.
 We believe we have a strong lineup for the second half of the year. As one example, this month, Pottery Barn launched its first collaboration with San Francisco-based interior designer and taste-maker, Ken Fulk. Later in the quarter, we'll introduce our new merchandise layers for Halloween and Thanksgiving, which are all about decorating the home for the holidays. This is when we transition to our holiday programs, including trim, throws and seasonal bedding and tabletops. We are looking forward to helping our customers celebrate, entertain and give gifts this holiday season.
 Now I'd like to discuss Pottery Barn Kids. In the second quarter, Pottery Barn Kids' comparable brand revenue increased 3.3%, with performance strengthening through the quarter as our inventory position improved. Results were primarily driven by our furniture and back-to-school businesses.
 We launched our back-to-school season late in June, and we've seen a solid response to our study furniture assortment and backpack collections. In both of these product categories, we believe Pottery Barn Kids leads the market with great quality and innovative design. This year, we introduced our largest selection of desks and chairs across a range of price points, styles and finishes. We expanded our assortment in gear as well with newness in color palettes, prints and patterns and innovation in our waste-free lunch solutions.
 In the second quarter, Pottery Barn Kids also introduced its first design collaboration with fashion designer, Jenni Kayne. This partnership is the start of an exciting strategy for Pottery Barn Kids. Brand collaborations attract new customers, test new aesthetics and broaden our social media reach. We are pleased with the results of this first capital assortment.
 Later this week, we'll be formally announcing our second Pottery Barn Kids collaboration, which is a nursery collection with Emily & Merritt launching in early 2016. We are planning a robust program of design collaborations over the next year. We believe we have an outstanding lineup in Pottery Barn Kids this holiday season. The third quarter marks the launch of holiday collections, and the teams have outdone themselves with a combination of magical dream room plus innovative gifting for every age and stage. We plan to own decorating the family home for the holidays with our biggest-ever assortment of seasonal decor and furnishings.
 Moving to Pottery Barn Teens. Pottery Barn Teens comparable brand revenues increased 3.9% in the second quarter. Improved inventory positions in furniture and back-to-school contributed to a solid quarter. We saw strong response to our fashion programs, including our new Kelly Slater collaboration and fresh assortments in our Junk Gypsy and Emily & Merritt partnerships.
 We launched our fall collection in early July, and our new furniture introductions in desks and study spaces are performing. However, we are seeing some initial softness in our bedding assortments and bedroom furniture. As we look forward to the balance of the year, we are launching new introductions from our design collaboration. Our fourth collection from Burton launched last week, and our third Emily & Merritt collection launched online yesterday and will be in store in mid-September. Heading into the holidays, we believe we have innovative high-quality gifts for teens and tweens, with new ideas in sleepover, decorative accessories and furniture.
 In order to attract new customers, PBteen continues to increase its social media reach. In July, PBteen announced a partnership with AwesomenessTV, a multi-platform media company, that is a global leader in engaging the Gen Z audience. Together, AwesomenessTV and PBteen produced an original 6-episode do-it-yourself series titled Revved Up Rooms featuring popular YouTube star, Meg DeAngelis, MayBaby on YouTube. This is PBteen's first video series featuring a vlogger. The partnership helps us reach and engage with the large tween and teen audience in an authentic and original way.
 In the second quarter, the Williams-Sonoma brand's comparable brand revenues were down 0.3%. Growth in cutlery, cookware, tabletop and our Williams-Sonoma Home collections did not offset the difficult compares in electrics, where the timing of key product launch activity did not align with last year's calendar. In 2015, our product introductions are more weighted to the back half of the year. Nonetheless, we were pleased with the strong consumer response to many of our proprietary collections, including tabletop and entertaining.
 We also continue to successfully expand Open Kitchen, our collection of beautiful, affordable essentials, and we added Shun Kanso, an exclusive cutlery line. We also introduced a partnership with American Girl on an exclusive line of bakeware and culinary classes. The partnership was launched in June, with cooking classes at our retail locations that have been an outstanding success. The new line of premium American Grill-branded products, including baking sets, utensils, food mixes and a cookbook, will be available this fall.
 During the third quarter, Williams-Sonoma will be launching more than 3x the number of new product lines than in the same period last year. Highlights include our ongoing expansion of Williams-Sonoma-branded products with the launch of Williams-Sonoma stainless steel professional and Williams-Sonoma hard-anodized dishwasher-safe cookware lines. We'll also be launching market-exclusive products across cookware, electrics and cutlery, including the exclusive Wsthof Legend cutlery line.
 In addition, Williams-Sonoma is partnering with Fortessa Tableware Solutions on an exclusive tabletop collection that will be featured at select Fairmont hotels and sold exclusively at Williams-Sonoma.
 The Williams-Sonoma team continues to be intensely focused on evolving the retail experience. We will open 4 new locations this quarter, including our Palm City Market store in Atlanta and our new store in Calabasas, California. Our new stores are in great locations and represent innovative new store designs.
 2 out of 4 include an installation of Williams-Sonoma Home, and our Palm City Market store opening this Friday features inspiring architectural details, including a direct pass through to Chef Jonathan Waxman's new restaurant. We believe this new layout will enable us to offer our customers an unprecedented integrated experience of shopping, culinary demonstration and world-class dining.
 Williams-Sonoma Home also drove positive results, and we continue our aggressive strategy to grow the Williams-Sonoma Home business. We are testing the integration of Williams-Sonoma Home into our retail stores and are encouraged by the response. Williams-Sonoma Home is posting strong results in e-commerce, and we see this as a long-term transformational strategy at retail.
 This fall, we are working closely with some of our favorite culinary experts. Williams-Sonoma will be hosting tours with Bobby Flay, Ina Garten and Giada De Laurentiis across the country. For the second year in a row, Williams-Sonoma is proud to be the official bookseller of celebrity chef Ina Garten's book tour featuring her award-winning book, Make it Ahead, with 4 stops across the country.
 In addition to this, Williams-Sonoma will be the official bookseller for Giada's 13-city book tour that launches this October, featuring her newest book, Happy Cooking. These events, held in venues accommodating several thousand people, often sell out shortly after tickets become available. Our special events allow us to increase engagement and connect more closely with our customers.
 Our key strategy is to bring in more exclusive products, grow new product categories like cookware, proprietary entertaining and Williams-Sonoma Home as well as to acquire new customers are on track. We believe that we have a strong product lineup for the back half of 2015 and beyond.
 Now I'd like to update you on West Elm. The West Elm brand continues to post strong results. Comparable brand revenues increased by 15.7%, on top of 16.7% last year. Growth continued to be broad-based across categories, with particular success in furniture, decorative accessories and lighting.
 In Q2, we opened 5 stores in the United States: Milwaukee, Grand Rapids, Atlanta, Rochester and an outlet store in Asheville, and our expanded footprint in Australia with a store in Perth. We also opened our first Philippines franchise store in Manila. It's amazing to see the positive reception from press and customers at each new store we open, with focused excitement around our commitment to local nonprofits and their hometown heroes, the artists and makers featured in our West Elm LOCAL assortments.
 Third quarter to date, we have opened an additional 3 stores in Calgary, Charleston and Skokie. As previously mentioned, West Elm has plans to open a total of 18 stores this year.
 Focusing on West Elm's 3 initiatives, choice, community and consciousness, we continue to grow in diversity of aesthetics and range of prices at West Elm to appeal to a broad range of customers. As we broaden our assortment, we're also working to personalize our customers' experience across channels and all devices.
 In our retail stores, we're seeing positive results from the regionalization of our product mix. We work closely with our in-market teams and utilize online sales trends to develop a store assortment that speaks to the lifestyle and homes in each store area.
 In June, West Elm launched West Elm Workspace, a collection of office furniture and accessories at NeoCon, America's largest design trade show. NeoCon is attended by nearly everyone in the contract industry, from architects and builders to designers and design media. And the West Elm Workspace showroom was packed the entire week.
 By the end of the event, West Elm Workspace had collected 3 major awards: Contract Magazine's Best of NeoCon Gold and Editor's Choice Awards as well as Metropolis Magazine's hashtag Metropolis Likes award. As a newcomer to the industry, this type of recognition is rare and is representative of the overall positive reception of the collection.
 One of the main goals of attending NeoCon was to build a nationwide network of dealers who will sell West Elm Workspace. Based on the positive response at the event, we have confirmed 14 dealers in key cities like New York, Los Angeles and Chicago, all opening this year, and we've already started to bid and scope projects for offices from start-ups to more established companies. West Elm Workspace represents just one of the many ways we're growing the West Elm brand outside of the traditional retail model and fuels our belief that there's a long runway for growth for West Elm.
 I would now like to spend a few minutes discussing our newer brands and businesses. In the second quarter, both Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham delivered strong growth domestically. And globally, our company-owned stores and franchise businesses accelerated.
 We continue to be very encouraged by the solid trends we are seeing in Rejuvenation. Strong execution across the retail, e-commerce and trade channels are contributing to these results. We believe Rejuvenation's focus on quality, craftsmanship and customization uniquely positions it in the marketplace.
 Our expanded outdoor assortment, including hardware, lighting and furniture, drove brand performance in the second quarter. Strategic prospecting with our catalog and e-marketing are bringing new customers to Rejuvenation.
 In the third quarter, we'll be introducing a comprehensive collection of our new Northwest modern lifestyle across lighting, hardware and furniture. For our new furniture assortments, we are pleased to be partnering with a number of family-owned firms here in the United States that have a deep heritage of craftsmanship and upholstery in case goods.
 Rejuvenation will also open its sixth store in September at Palm City Market, a landmark in Atlanta's old Fort Worth and the hub of our large and expanding base of sales in the Southeast.
 In addition, we are seeing profitable growth in Mark and Graham's business. The Mark and Graham brand has carved out a differentiated niche of personalized luxury goods, with beautiful packaging at very accessible price points. Each month this year, we have introduced a new layer of merchandise and mail a catalog highlighting its fresh assortments.
 In the second quarter, our product introductions focused on gifting for Mother's and Father's Day, new babies and graduates. Our early fall introductions included expanded assortments in our best-selling personal accessories collection and the launch of our Halloween shop. We are introducing new copper bar and entertaining items as well as bold new fall colors for leather totes, key fobs and catchalls.
 In the second quarter, we were also pleased by the acceleration in our global businesses. In Australia, we opened 3 stores in Perth in July and will have an additional 3 stores opening in Brisbane later in the third quarter. By the end of the year, we'll have 19 stores in Australia. Our increasing scale is leading to operational wins and increasing efficiencies.
 Our franchise business is also growing and we see significant opportunity here. In the Middle East, our partner, M.H. Alshaya, continues to do an outstanding job. Our stores are performing very well in that region. I recently visited the Middle East, and I'm extremely proud of their execution.
 In the second quarter, Stores Specialists, our strong franchise partner in the Philippines, opened 4 stores. And in the third quarter, we are looking forward to the opening of our first Mexican franchise store. We expect Liverpool, our franchise partner in Mexico, to open at least 10 stores across the Pottery Barn, Williams-Sonoma, West Elm, Pottery Barn Kids and Pottery Barn Teen brands before the end of the year. We look forward to updating you on our growth with this exciting new partner and our negotiations with additional franchise partners.
 In addition, today, we made a formal announcement that the West Elm brand will be launching its first global wholesale partnership with John Lewis, the U.K.'s largest department store retailer. The partnership kicks off with the launch of a West Elm-branded shop online at johnlewis.com, followed by a shop-in-shop in John Lewis' newly-renovated 94,000-square-foot home department in their Oxford Street flagship store. John Lewis dominates the home furnishings market in London, and their new home experience on Oxford Street offers the largest assortment of home products in any store in the U.K., making it a true destination for designers and customers from around the country.
 In summary, across all of our brands, we have made good progress in the first half of the year, both with our product lines and our goal to recover in stocks. It has never been more clear that in addition to our proprietary product lines, strong brands and multichannel model, we need to continue to lead and invest in our supply chain to drive down costs and increase customer service. We have a significant opportunity to do better and to improve our service and to further differentiate ourselves from our competition.
 Now I will turn the call over to Julie for additional details on our second quarter financial performance and our third quarter and full year 2015 financial guidance. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon, everyone. We are pleased with the results we are reporting today. Our second quarter performance speaks to the strength of our portfolio of brands as we delivered a solid quarter, despite absorbing incremental shipping and fulfillment-related costs associated with the lingering effects of the West Coast port disruption and investing in our long-term strategic initiatives.
 Our strong Q2 performance demonstrates that we continue to take market share with our home furnishings brand, reporting another quarter of revenue growth well ahead of the industry. And heading into the second half of 2015, we believe we are well positioned for additional market share gains and to expand the reach of our brands.
 Before I walk you through our second quarter financial results and our third quarter and fiscal year guidance, I would like to update you on the financial impact during the second quarter from the effects of the West Coast port disruption.
 During the second quarter, as expected, we saw higher shipping and fulfillment-related costs from shipping inefficiencies stemming from inventory shortages and unbalanced inventory positions across our distribution centers. We entered the period with elevated back order levels as a result of delayed receipts.
 In order to get the goods to our customers as quickly as possible, multiple deliveries on a single order as well as out-of-market shipments were made as we got back in stock. Though the financial impact directly related to the port is hard to measure with precision, we estimate it to be $0.04 in the second quarter, primarily due to higher shipping and fulfillment-related costs or approximately 50 basis points to our gross and operating margin.
 Additionally, our supply chain incurred incremental labor costs. Heavy inventory inflows from both the delayed inventory as well as inventory receipts for our seasonal and fall layers of merchandise in advance of peak all were received at our distribution centers over a relatively short period of time towards the end of the quarter.
 This higher volume of inventory receipts put additional pressure on our supply chain organization and resulted in incremental labor costs. While we did absorb these additional costs in the quarter, we believe this was an important investment in customer service. And we are pleased that our levels of in-stock and available-for-sale inventory recovered and our customer service metrics have begun to improve.
 In the second quarter, net revenues increased 8.5% to $1,127,000,000, with comparable brand revenues increasing 6.3% on top of 5.7% last year. In addition to strong comparable revenues, we saw higher-than-expected growth from our new West Elm stores as well as our international franchise and company-owned stores.
 In our e-commerce channel, net revenues grew 9.1% to $570 million, with growth across all brands and represented 50.6% of total company net revenues for the quarter, a 30 basis point increase over last year.
 Our retail channel net revenues increased 7.9% to $557 million in the second quarter. This acceleration in the retail segment was primarily driven by Pottery Barn and West Elm as well as our international franchise and company-owned stores.
 Gross margin for the quarter was 36.1% versus 36.8% last year. The year-over-year decline primarily reflects the impact of the higher shipping and fulfillment-related costs. Occupancy costs in the second quarter of 2015 were $156 million or 13.8% of net revenues and leveraged 40 basis points year-over-year.
 In the second quarter, SG&A as a percent of net revenues was 28.7% versus 28.6% in the second quarter of 2014. Advertising efficiencies were offset by employment deleverage associated with the incremental labor costs in our supply chain as a result of the heavy inventory receipts.
 As a result of absorbing these incremental shipping and supply chain costs, the total company operating margin was 7.4% of net revenues versus 8.2% of net revenues last year. By channel, the operating margin in the e-commerce channel was 21.5% versus 23.1% in 2014.
 Advertising efficiencies were more than offset by the incremental shipping and supply chain costs associated with our port recovery efforts. The operating margin in the retail channel leveraged 10 basis points to 7.3%, primarily driven by improved gross margins from occupancy leverage.
 Corporate unallocated expenses, at 7.1% of net revenues, deleveraged 10 basis points, primarily due to employment and employment-related costs associated with our long-term initiatives. Our second quarter income tax rate decreased to 35.4% from 40.5% last year, reflecting the favorable resolution of certain income tax matters.
 These results, including the $0.04 impact mentioned earlier relating to our port recovery efforts, drove second quarter 2015 diluted earnings per share of $0.58 or growth of 9.4%. Excluding this impact, our second quarter and year-to-date underlying EPS growth was approximately 17%.
 Moving to the balance sheet. Cash at the end of the quarter was $120 million versus $71 million last year. In the second quarter, we returned approximately $104 million to stockholders through $72 million in share repurchases and $32 million in dividends.
 Merchandise inventories increased 15.3% to $1,031,000,000 at the end of the second quarter, which includes inventory on hand and available-for-sale of 12.5%. Entering the third quarter, healthy levels of core inventory have been restored and our out-of-stocks are lower. Our higher back order positions have been reduced, and our fill rates are significantly improved. We now are focused on rebalancing our inventory between distribution centers to reduce the costs associated with out-of-market shipping and to improve our service levels.
 I would now like to discuss our third quarter and fiscal year 2015 guidance. For the third quarter of 2015, we expect to grow net revenues to a range of $1,190,000,000 to $1,220,000,000, with comparable brand revenue growth in the range of 4% to 6%. We expect our third quarter operating margin to be relatively in line with last year, and we expect diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $0.68 to $0.73.
 For the full year, we expect to deliver another record year for our shareholders and are reiterating all of our guidance ranges. We expect to grow net revenues to a range of $4,950,000,000 to $5,020,000,000, with comparable brand revenue growth of 4% to 6%, and our diluted earnings per share will be in the range of $3.35 to $3.45. All other financial guidance within the press release remains unchanged from the previous guidance.
 This guidance, of course, does not assume any significant deterioration in the stock market and its impact on consumer sentiment. This guidance also reflects the incremental investments in our supply chain that we have made and will continue to make through the back half of the year. The inventory shortages and imbalances that we have recently sustained have further validated the importance of being in stock and properly allocated across regions to ensure ongoing excellent customer service.
 As we discussed in the first quarter, one of our key initiatives is inventory optimization. We are investing in technology, including enhanced inventory planning and allocation systems and upgrades to our customer order visibility tools as well as incremental labor and shipping costs throughout the back half of the year.
 Our mindset is one of continuous operational improvement. Our supply chain is one of our competitive advantages. And as we grow our furniture business, continuing to invest in delivering high customer service levels is strategic. We are committed to putting the customer first, which means the right inventory in the right place with a superior customer delivery experience.
 Our guidance on the year, excluding the impact from the West Coast port disruption, reflects revenue and earnings guidance that is in line with our 3-year outlook of mid- to high single-digit revenue growth and low double-digit to mid-teens EPS growth, with revenues growing 8% and earnings growing 12% at the high end of the range.
 We are also reiterating our commitment to maintaining a balanced capital allocation strategy in 2015. We will continue to take a balanced approach between investing in the business to support our long-term strategic growth initiatives, which is still targeted to be in the range of $200 million to $220 million, and returning capital to shareholders. 
 Our share repurchase program and dividends are key components of our capital allocation strategy. We now have $162 million remaining and available for share repurchases on our $750 million multiyear share repurchase authorization. Year-to-date, we have repurchased $125 million, and we expect to buy back $200 million to $250 million of our shares by fiscal year-end. We're also committed to continuing to pay dividends targeted at 35% to 40% of net income and in line with the S&P 500 dividend yield.
 In summary, we are pleased to deliver continued solid top line and bottom line performance despite absorbing incremental supply chain costs. We are moving forward on all of our strategic initiatives to position ourselves to win, and we made progress in the second quarter.
 Given the competitive advantages that we maintain, strong brands, proprietary products, a multichannel platform, many opportunities for growth, along with a commitment to financial discipline and returning capital to shareholders, we are confident in our ability to deliver sustainable, long-term profitable growth.
 I would now like to open the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Peter Benedict with Robert W. Baird. 
Peter Benedict: Just was hoping the labor costs in the supply chain that hit SG&A, any way you can kind of quantify that? I think that was probably one of the bigger surprises in the P&L in the quarter. So anything further you can give about that and then maybe how you see that line over the back half of the year. 
Julie Whalen: Sure, I'll take that. It's Julie. We have not specifically quantified these indirect costs. Of course, it's hard to disaggregate them with precision. But one way to look at it, of course, in our Q2, our operating margin declined 80 basis points, of which we said 50 basis points was primarily associated with the higher shipping and fulfillment-related costs due to the port. I think it's safe to say that the incremental indirect costs were at least the remaining 30 basis points. Going forward, we expect some additional labor and incremental shipping costs will continue, primarily in Q3, but obviously not to the degree we saw in the first half as we continue to rebalance our inventory levels especially at our West Coast DC. But we're also accelerating our investment in technology. So it's not just labor costs, it's also investment in technology. As we are growing, and particularly in furniture, it is important to make the necessary investment in technology to support this growth. So as such, we're accelerating our investment in inventory tools to allow us to better forecast our inventory flow and space capacity requirements by DC, brand and channel. And additionally, future system enhancements will give us better customer order visibility, allowing us to know every touch point where that inventory resides. This investment in technology is obviously primarily a capital investment but there is some additional expense associated with that. And all these additional costs are reflected within the guidance we have provided today. And we believe that these additional costs are an important investment in superior customer service, longer-term supply chain efficiencies and of course, maintaining our competitive supply chain advantage. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Daniel Hofkin with William Blair & Company. 
Daniel Hofkin: I guess just to clarify quickly, and then one, I guess, more substantive follow-up. On the tax rate in the quarter, were you expecting those -- the positive resolutions within your original second quarter guidance? And then I had just a follow-up regarding -- given that your in-stocks are approaching a better position now, curious kind of about the third quarter guidance. Obviously, you have a tough comparison last year, but are you seeing any evidence of either in your second quarter results or early third quarter of slippage in the consumer environment? 
Julie Whalen: Okay. Regarding the tax rate, no, we weren't aware of that when we first gave out our guidance. Obviously, there are things that change as you go through any quarter. And there's variability with your tax rate and obviously, this was a good guide for us. So that's a positive. On the flip side, we also didn't expect these incremental supply chain costs. And so thankfully, we had this and we still landed a very solid quarter at $0.58. 
Laura Alber: On the second part of your question, Dan, I'll take that, the macro. Look, we're watching the market along with everyone else. It goes without saying that a significant sustained pullback in the stock market could lead to a reduction in consumer confidence and impact the discretionary spending landscape. But that being said, our demand has been strong all year, particularly our furniture business, and recent economic reports in housing and consumer confidence are positive. And I believe our brands are well positioned to gain market share in the second half. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Kate McShane with Citi. 
Kate McShane: If I could ask a question around the investment. Can you -- I'm sorry. Do you anticipate these costs to continue through Q4 of 2015? And could they possibly continue into the next fiscal year? And how long does it take for these type of systems to ramp up before they become beneficial to the business? 
Julie Whalen: I'll take that. It's Julie. I think the labor costs we're expecting is going to be predominantly in Q3 as well as the shipping costs. Obviously, Q4 has got a lot of noise going on with it, given it's the holiday quarter, so there'll be things going both directions from that. But specific to this incremental investment, labor, we expect and shipping primarily we expect to be in Q3. The investment in the inventory tool obviously is a multiyear investment, but we'll be rolling out enhancements as we move even through this year and through the next year or 2. 
Laura Alber: I think that the big thing to remember is that shipping furniture and large cube has always been a competitive advantage of ours and a big differentiator. There's a lot of people who sell stuff and have websites. And if you can do that really hard thing well, you put yourself ahead of the pack. And it's just really crystal clear to us that customer service in this area and high touch is incredibly important. And honestly, while the port disruption was extremely difficult, the good news is that it caused us to re-examine every single element of our supply chain. And we have identified significant opportunities to improve service levels and over time, drive down costs. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Chris Horvers with JPMorgan. 
Christopher Horvers: Can you talk about the Williams-Sonoma brand a bit more? Where did the comp come in relative to your own expectations, assuming you would have seen some of the shift in the electric launches? And then can you talk about some of the key items that launched last year in the second quarter? 
Laura Alber: Yes, we were disappointed that we weren't able to completely offset the big launches in electrics in Q2 of last year. Last year, we had our big Nespresso and Vitamix launches in the quarter. And our cookware, as I said, a lot of our proprietary businesses were very strong, but they weren't strong enough to completely offset those releases. And why we're confident that this is going to improve is that we have more releases in electrics and across all of our businesses, as I mentioned earlier, towards the back half. Also one of the other businesses that was a disappointment further than what we planned is our outdoor business because frankly, the market has been saturated with a lot of outdoor cooking items. And we didn't see enough real innovation to invest in that. We didn't want to just drive markdowns. So we pulled that back probably a little bit too far, frankly. And that's an opportunity for us going next year, to drive more innovation in that area and also obviously, it's not a big -- as big a part of the business in Q3. 
Christopher Horvers: So as a follow-up to that, the Sonoma brand becomes a lot more important as you look into the back half of the year. So the launches aside, do you think the brand's positioned to get back to positive levels in the back half? 
Laura Alber: I think we have a very exciting lineup for the back half, both through Q3. Our Thanksgiving entertaining assortments and food stories, as I said on the prepared remarks, are very strong. We have a lot of key big money introductions. And then Q4, it's very competitive obviously to talk about the specific product lines. But I think we have a lot of opportunity, not just with the product line but peak season execution and providing our customers with a great experience and being more efficient, frankly, than we were last year. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Greg Melich with Evercore ISI. 
Gregory Melich: I wanted to follow up a little bit on the moving pieces on the margin line. If it was 50 bps from the ports and occupancy leveraged 40, it seems like everything else, gross profit margins were down around 60 bps. Could you help us understand what drove that? Was it promotion, shipping costs, anything else in there, and how you'd expect that to trend going forward? 
Julie Whalen: Sure. Yes, gross margin was actually down about 70 basis points, and 50 basis points, as we said, was due to the port with the higher shipping and fulfillment-related costs. We also have in there, which I know creates a little bit of noise, but when we have higher franchise revenues, technically, that puts pressure, so to speak, on the gross margin because it's a cost-plus model. And so it impacts the gross margin with very few costs in SG&A that drops down to a higher profitability at the op margin level. And so you're seeing about 20 basis points of impact within the gross margin level for that. We also had some higher fulfillment-related costs that were primarily offset with the 40 basis points of occupancy leverage. But I think the really great news, which is unfortunately under the covers, you guys can't see it, is that the pure merch margins are essentially flat to up. And I think you've been hearing me say that now for a few quarters. And what that tells us is that the health of the business is great and that the fact that our long-term initiatives such as the insourcing of our foreign agents is working. And so that's a really great story, I think. Unfortunately, we have the noise of these higher shipping costs that over time should improve. And as you mentioned with the occupancy leverage, these pure merch margins that are flat to slightly up and then the shipping cost going away, we should see improved margins over time. 
Gregory Melich: And linked to that, the franchise revenues with all the launches coming and the Philippines getting ramped up, was that a key driver then to the retail EBIT -- EBITDA profitability improvement? 
Julie Whalen: The retail profitability was about 10 basis points and that was primarily due to occupancy leverage. That was the biggest driver. But the retail revenue was both from the new West Elm stores that outperformed and the incremental acceleration of both our franchise and company-owned stores. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs. 
Matthew Fassler: I want to ask one quick question on the quarter for Julie and then a broader strategic one. On the quarter, just to make sure I understand the relationship between the e-commerce sales versus the retail sales, retail seemed a bit better than we expected, e-commerce a bit light. Are the inventory issues really much more focused on the e-commerce or direct-to-customer business than on retail? Were you able to overcome shipping challenges when you were distributing to stores more so than to customers? 
Julie Whalen: If you're talking about the revenue line -- 
Matthew Fassler: Yes. 
Julie Whalen: I mean, we are really focused on total brand performance. And so we are actually really pleased with the results of both channels. I know there's been some focus on e-commerce only had a 9.1% but with total revenue growth of 8.5%, we had strong growth effectively of both channels. And so obviously, sometimes, the customer's going to want to shop online, sometimes, they want to shop in the store, and we want to serve them wherever they want to shop. So I really wouldn't read anything more into it than that. 
Matthew Fassler: Fair enough. And then taking a step back on the strategic side, as you think about this inventory initiative and the supply chain initiative, it seems like you're putting real money against capital and SG&A. Is this primarily in response to what you saw related to the ports, and how you felt you were able to handle it? Was this something that was emerging prior to that? Because it seems like it's -- certainly, the impact of investing against it will last prior to the port issue, the discrete port issue getting resolved. 
Laura Alber: Yes, I mean it's a -- what I said earlier is that whenever you have something that happens of significance, you learn a lot and you get into it. And we see opportunities to both being better in stock and then to cut overstocks, and hence our inventory optimization initiative. And as I think you all know, we've regionalized our network, and that's a big change from the way we used to run it. And so we have a lot of opportunity to understand better customer demands by region and get the product there the first time in the right place. And the supply chain is critical. Customers have a lot of choices. And the -- it's one thing to buy something. You need to have a great experience. And so as we've gotten into this, we've seen that this is a strategic investment that is so important to the core of what we do, which is to serve our customers better than anyone else. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Michael Lasser with UBS. 
Michael Lasser: Based on a comment that you made a little bit earlier, it sounds like your product costs are pretty stable. So should we interpret that to mean that the promotional activity across all the brands hasn't really increased, especially in light of the changing and very dynamic competitive landscape we're seeing that Wayfair and some of the online-only players are growing quite rapidly versus the traditional department stores, which are seeing more sluggish trends. So is that influencing the company's promotional posture? 
Laura Alber: Our promotional calendar has been strategic and competitive. We plan it in advance and assess it on an ongoing basis. Our posture is to be competitive. We expect to continue to take market share through the back half of the year, and the reality is the competitive environment is a reality. And we talked about before, we've anticipated this. We've made changes in our supply chain to allow us to be more competitive, most notably, the insourcing of our foreign agents, our in-house product development. And we're focused on giving our, most importantly, our customers inspiring and innovative products at great prices. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Seth Sigman with Crdit Suisse. 
Seth Sigman: You discussed the EPS impact from the port issue. But just wondering, did you mention the sales impact? I think you had expected a $5 million to $10 million impact. So if you could just clarify that and where maybe you saw the biggest impact. And then the second piece of that, just excluding that disruption, any color on trends you're seeing within some of the bigger-ticket categories or any color on the composition of the basket as we try to assess the health of the consumer? 
Julie Whalen: From a sales impact for the port, I guess the good news is that it was less than what we anticipated. We hadn't really quantified it because as the farther out you get, just like when we said in Q4, the beginning of it and the end of it gets really murky, as to what's causing what. And so we believe that there was definitely an impact in Pottery Barn Kids, which is what we had expected. But it wasn't anywhere near where we thought it would be in the range of the $5 million to $10 million. And so it really was for us in Q2, the port story was about higher shipping and fulfillment-related costs. 
Laura Alber: The second part of your question, I'm sorry, on the macro, as I said earlier, we're 3 weeks in, we have a labor day shift. We have had a lot of market volatility. We never read too much into short-term volatility or changes that are based on volatile markets, we've seen it before. But the balance of what we're seeing is that we have a strong lineup for the balance of the year. The key aspects of our business that differentiates us haven't changed from our strong brands, our multichannel model, our superior supply chain. And we are focused on profitable growth. I think that holding yourself to a high level of profitability forces a discipline that ensures success. And so regardless of what happens in the macro, we believe that we are poised to take share. 
Operator: And we have time for one final question today. It comes from Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. 
Simeon Gutman: Just one clarification and then one strategic. Clarification, related to a lot of the questions this quarter, the 6% brand comp was fairly solid, but the cost of doing business obviously was a bit higher, and you mentioned mostly -- actually explained most of the weakness. Can you talk about how much of, I guess, generating that 6% comp or the extra fulfillment is tied to the business just this quarter? Or is that also getting yourself ready for the following, such that we won't keep some of that. My strategic question is -- Julie, you largely diffused this with the comment on merch margin. You're coming off a transition with insourcing, and of course, this hit at a similar time with some of the port issues. Is there anything related to the 1 or the 2 at all? I just want to diffuse that thought if there is any connection. 
Julie Whalen: So I think -- we're trying to understand your question a little bit. But I think on the costs that were incurred in Q2, we did say earlier that, that will continue. It's not necessarily related to cost of getting a 6.3% comp if that's what you're alluding to, it's really the incremental cost associated with the port, the higher shipment and fulfilling costs but also this incremental supply chain labor cost, and those will continue to some degree into specifically Q3, maybe a little bit in Q4, but predominantly Q3, but not at the same levels that we have been trending. 
Simeon Gutman: So service level didn't suffer, meaning that -- to the point where you could have done a better comp? Or -- I know that, that was the last question, on how you think about that. But meaning the premise is, had you not had to spend all this incremental labor, would you have also had better sales? 
Julie Whalen: Well, that's hard to disaggregate. I mean, who knows? 
Simeon Gutman: Okay. And then to clarify the second point. It was just you're doing the sales sourcing. This year, there's been some disruption with inventory. It all looks like it's related to the port issues. I'm just trying to disaggregate that there's anything to do with insourcing and disruptions from there at the same time. 
Julie Whalen: No, no, not at all. 
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session today. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Alber for any closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: Well, I want to thank you all for joining us again today and asking great questions and thank you for your support. We'll talk to you next time. 
Operator: Thank you, and this does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-20 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Williams-Sonoma Incorporated First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] The call is being recorded. And now I would like to turn the call over to Gabrielle Rabinovitch, Vice President of Investor Relations, to discuss non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking statements. Please go ahead. 
Gabrielle Rabinovitch: Thank you, Tori [ph]. Good afternoon. This call should be considered in conjunction with the press release that we issued earlier today. This call contains non-GAAP financial measures that exclude the impact of unusual business events. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and our explanation of why these non-GAAP financial measures are useful are discussed in our release. This call also contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, trends, guidance, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2015 and beyond and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. 
 Please refer to the company's current press releases and SEC filings, including the most recent 10-K for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call.
 I will now turn the conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer, to discuss our first quarter fiscal 2015 results. 
Laura Alber: Thank you, Gabrielle. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. On the call with me are Julie Whalen, our Chief Financial Officer; and Pat Connolly, our Chief Strategy and Business Development Officer. We are pleased to be discussing our first quarter 2015 results with you. In the first quarter, we delivered comp brand revenue growth of 4.6% and EPS of $0.48. Our first quarter earnings results were better than we expected driven by West Elm and our new businesses as well as strong operational and financial execution across all of our brands. 
 Our supply chain and inventory teams did an excellent job managing through the logistical complexity created by the West Coast port disruption. That said, we did incur additional costs largely in shipping and fulfillment as well as lost demand especially in our Pottery Barn brand due to lower-than-normal inventory levels. This short-term issue will continue to impact us to a lesser extent in the second quarter as Julie will explain in a few minutes, but we are pleased to see sales trends improving as stock levels rebound. 
 Our growth strategies, consistent execution and operational discipline put us on track to deliver another record year. We believe we have a strong lineup for the back half, with product introductions and innovative collaborations in all of our brands. We believe that our recently completed supply chain initiative will give us greater flexibility to be more competitive on price and deliver greater value to our customers, that our technology initiatives will improve customer order visibility and further differentiate our service levels and that we have significant opportunity to improve our peak season execution this year. 
 Our strong brands and profitable multichannel strategy create a competitive advantage and we remained focused on executing our long-term growth initiatives. Our mission is to enhance the quality of our customers' lives at home. Our customers are at the center of everything we do, and all of our initiatives are developed with this service mindset. 
 One of our key initiatives is inventory optimization. The West Coast port slowdown has further validated the importance of being in stock. We are focused not only in improving our inventory stock levels to be well-positioned for the back half of the year, but also for the long term. We also remained focused on driving growth through business development initiatives. In 2015, we will extend the reach of our brands globally with more stores in Australia and the launch of our Mexico franchise operations, and we continue to be excited about opportunities for our emerging brands, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham. 
 I would now like to discuss key developments in each of our brands starting with Pottery Barn. In the first quarter of 2015, Pottery Barn delivered 2.4% comparable brand revenue growth. While it's hard to quantify exactly, the West Coast port disruption materially impacted Pottery Barn. The good news is that toward the end of the quarter, sales and customer levels improved as delayed shipments were received. Performance in the quarter was driven by the success of our outdoor furniture and textile collections. Our proprietary prints and pattern designs in both outdoor and indoor pillows were well-received. 
 We're also seeing strength in our furniture collections. We are continuing to enhance our interior design services as we believe they represent a significant competitive advantage as our customers look for design assistance. We are serving more customers with trained design studio specialists and we are adding new services that we believe are game changing. We are building on our foundation of multichannel marketing and featuring and distributing more content to drive customer acquisitions, connect with our community and increase engagement with Pottery Barn. 
 Additionally, we're excited to launch a new product collaboration strategy in Q2 and we'll provide more details to you on our next call. We feel strongly that collaborating with other influential brands and innovative design leaders will expand the reach of the brand. 
 Lastly, I want to tell you about an important organizational change in Pottery Barn. We recently promoted Marta Benson to Executive Vice President, GMM, Pottery Barn Merchandising. Marta is a proven leader who has a passion for product and brings deep retail and e-commerce experience with her to this role. She has more than 25 years of retail experience and joined Williams-Sonoma, Inc. in 2011 as Senior Vice President, Strategy and Business Development. Marta will have responsibility over the e-commerce and retail and merchandising organizations and will report directly to the President of the Pottery Barn brand, Sandra Stangl.
 We're excited about the year ahead for Pottery Barn. We have innovative product introductions, and our scale allows us to offer our customers exceptional quality at a great price. 
 Next, I would like to discuss Pottery Barn Kids. In the first quarter, Pottery Barn Kids' comparable brand revenue increased 0.8%. Unfortunately, the West Coast port slowdown had a larger effect on Pottery Barn Kids because of the mix of goods that were held up by the disruption. During the quarter, inventory in our textile department was negative to last year. We also have lower-than-anticipated inventory levels in bedroom furniture, and because we didn't receive our normal flow of fashion in the beginning of the season, we oversold our core inventory. 
 Now, while summer fashion is in and is selling, we are out-of-stock on key core assortments. In addition, customer purchases in Pottery Barn Kids are highly interrelated and when bedding or cribs are out-of-stock, entire orders are more affected and we may lose that demand entirely. As a result, we expect Pottery Barn Kids to be the most impacted brand in the short term until we are able to get back in stock, which we expect will occur by the end of the second quarter. 
 Looking to the second half of the year, we are focused and our product strategies including aesthetic diversification, customization and collaborations. We are innovating and expanding our product lines to address our customers' needs as well as introducing more accessible opening price points to attract new customers. 
 Also, we have further developed our back-to-school lineup with a more extensive assortment of desks and desk chairs and we are building on the success of our proprietary prints and patterns with our expanded high-quality gear collection. 
 Finally, Pottery Barn Kids recently announced its first product collaboration with Jenni Kayne, a fashion designer, blogger and mother of 2. The collection will debut in June and includes more than 50 pieces offering a beautiful mix of modern and antique-inspired books, reflecting Kayne's relaxed and timeless California influenced sensibility. 
 In PBteen, comparable brand revenues increased 3% in the first quarter. High backorders impacted the brand early in the quarter, but we saw an improved flow of inventory in April and began to realize better net sales recovery. Collaborations continue to be an important product and marketing strategy for PBteen. A highlight in the first quarter was the successful launch of PBteen's exclusive collaboration with 11-time world surfing champion, Kelly Slater. This capsule collection is the most eco-conscious assortment that PBteen has ever offered and marks Kelly's introduction into the world of home furnishings. To date, media coverage has generated over 88 articles with 265 million impressions and our top syndicated Kelly Slater video has generated more than 435,000 views on YouTube. 
 In the second quarter, we have more new product introductions in PBteen from our collaborations and we are launching our new dorm assortment. We are focused on providing inspirational decorating solutions across our tween, teen and dorm life stages. We are supporting our new product collections with social media strategies to align with influencers and content creators and provide an authentic voice to our tween and teen customers. 
 Now I'd like to discuss Williams-Sonoma. In the first quarter, the Williams-Sonoma brand delivered 2.7% comparable brand revenue growth. We saw growth across many of our core categories, including cookware and cutlery. Also, tabletop glassware and dinnerware continued to outperform. In addition we saw an acceleration in the Williams-Sonoma Home business. 
 Williams-Sonoma branded product growth is a major area of development and innovation. Proprietary product introductions include nonstick cookware, stoneware, wood utensils, seafood tools and an expanded silicone line. And we are growing our assortment of exclusive product as a result of collaborations with our key partners. Another area of growth in the Williams-Sonoma brand is Williams-Sonoma Home. We are seeing momentum across core categories including outdoor furniture programs, and this year, we are featuring a broader assortment of furniture, textiles and decorative accessories. 
 In addition, we are highlighting and integrating more of the Williams-Sonoma Home collection in our retail stores. Lastly, we are extending the reach of the Williams-Sonoma brand by providing new ways for customers to experience it across all channels. We continue to be more involved in the food community. For example, this spring, we sponsored the SouthBites dinner at SouthBites Southwest in Austin, and later this month, we have sponsored BottleRock, a 3-day food and music festival in Napa, where we will be hosting the Williams-Sonoma culinary stage. This month, we are also launching our Chef's Collective, a culinary advisory board of 9 strategically selected chefs to advise on product development and industry trends and to help develop rich content. 
 Now I'd like to discuss our West Elm brand, which saw an increase in comparable brand revenue of 15.3% in Q1, another quarter of double-digit comparable brand revenue growth. Growth continues to be broad-based across categories, with particular success in furniture, decorative accessories and lighting. The diversity of esthetic and ranges of prices we offer in the West Elm assortment continues to appeal to a broad range of customers helping the brand to appeal to people of all ages and income levels. 
 West Elm engages its customers across all channels. Our new stores fuel market share growth. When we enter a market, we don't just pick up the new retail volume, we also drive our online business. In Q1, we opened 2 stores in Palm Beach, Florida and Virginia Beach, Virginia, as well as one outlet store in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. Our plan is to open a total of 19 stores this year, including expanding our international footprint with 2 stores in Australia and one in Calgary. 
 In stores, West Elm remains focused on its localization strategy creating diverse assortments that reflects the local consumer and layering on West Elm Local collections featuring artists and makers from the store areas. Our stores continue to embrace their role as community centers creating environments and relationships that foster creativity and empower customers. In the first quarter, we hosted a number of successful Etsy and blogger events at our stores and we believe the unique relationships that our stores are developing with their communities are further points of differentiation for the brand. 
 Finally, West Elm is excited to announce the expansion of the brand's impact-sourcing programs and fair trade certified product offerings. Fair trade at West Elm launched with 6 rug collections made in India for holiday 2014. We have now expanded fair trade into Nepal, Pakistan and Vietnam, as well as our first furniture factory in India. This fall, the brand will launch 30 collections of fair trade certified rugs and 13 textile collections, including our most popular bedding collection. West Elm's commitment to choice, community and consciousness continue to differentiate the brand and fuel its growth. 
 Now I'd like to discuss our emerging businesses. In 2015, we are continuing to extend the reach of our brands globally. In Australia, we plan to open 6 additional stores this year. As we build scale in country, we are making operational improvements, reducing cost and we are starting to see better margins. Another key component of our global expansion is our franchise development. We are very pleased with our current partnerships in the Middle East and the Philippines, and we see great opportunity with our new partner in Mexico. We also plan to expand in additional geographies with other high-quality partners around the world. 
 I'm now going to talk about Rejuvenation. We're excited about the growth and new opportunities in our Rejuvenation brand. Current results indicate the long-term potential for Rejuvenation to be a significant multichannel lifestyle brand. We are developing an aesthetic that is unique in the marketplace and differentiated from our other brands that we are calling internally Northwest modern. The brand tenets are quality, timeless design, craftsmanship, customization and functionality. In the first quarter, we introduced significantly more lighting and hardware collections and have increased our core functional categories such as mailboxes, address numbers and ceiling fans. 
 We're also expanding our marketing strategy and investing in catalog circulation and e-marketing. Additionally, we have recently launched our new contract and hospitality business with a boutique at -- with a booth at the Boutique Design West trade show in San Diego. Participation in this event provided us with an opportunity to connect with high-value clients and we are pleased to win the distinction of Best Exhibit at the show. 
 Lastly, performance in our Rejuvenation stores is exceeding our expectations. We plan to open our sixth store in several months at Palm City Market in Downtown Atlanta. Successful retail expansion in key markets is an important step in developing this brand and we look forward to sharing the results with you. 
 Our other emerging business is Mark and Graham. Mark and Graham had a better-than-expected first quarter. Our Q1 business was driven by our successful Mother's Day assortment and improved marketing. We've seen a strong response to our newness, and in 2015, we'll have product releases each month. Mark and Graham's classic, high-quality aesthetic is relevant and is working. We are offering our customer a great experience in personalized gifts. 
 And in the second quarter, we're celebrating summer holidays and milestones and we recently introduced our dads and grads gifts assortment. 
 In closing, I'd like to reiterate that across our brand portfolio and our channels, we see a significant runway for growth. We see opportunities to strengthen our brands, further differentiate our product offering, access new markets, drive continuous improvement in our operations and improve our service levels. And we look forward to updating you next quarter on the progress of our brands and strategies. 
 I will now turn the call over to Julie to review our financial results in detail. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon, everyone. We are pleased with our first quarter results. Strong operational execution and financial discipline allowed us to deliver these better-than-expected results as we absorbed the reduction in revenue and additional costs attributable to the West Coast port slowdown. 
 Before I review our financial details, I would like to give you an update on what we experienced in the first quarter and what we are seeing early in the second quarter as it relates to our inventory positions and the financial effect of the West Coast port slow down. As expected, in the first quarter, we lost sales demand and saw a higher backorder creation as a result of the port disruption. We also incurred incremental shipping and fulfillment-related costs. 
 While our inventory flow improved throughout the first quarter, we did not see meaningful improvement in our in-stock and available-for-sale inventory positions until April, and we have seen our sales trends get better as we improve our in-stock positions, particularly in the Pottery Barn brand. That said, lingering effects exist from the port slowdown that are continuing to impact our business in the second quarter, particularly due to higher shipping costs for fulfilling out-of-market demand as we rebound inventory levels across our distribution centers. 
 Our view of the financial impact of the West Coast port slowdown has not changed. In March, we estimated the impact of the ports to be a reduction in net revenues of approximately $30 million to $40 million and a reduction in EPS of approximately $0.10 to $0.12 in fiscal year 2015, predominantly impacting the first quarter. The vast majority of the sales and earnings impact was sustained in the first quarter with some residual impact to be realized in the second quarter. Though it is difficult to estimate the actual impact, we believe the West Coast port slowdown negatively impacted our first quarter revenues by $25 million to $30 million and our earnings by $0.08 to $0.10 per share. 
 Now I would like to comment further on our first quarter performance. For the first quarter, net revenues increased 5.8% to $1,031,000,000, with comparable brand revenues increasing 4.6% on top of 10% last year. In our e-commerce channel, net revenues grew 8.4% to $533 million, with growth across all brands and represented 52% of total company net revenues for the quarter versus 50% in the first quarter of 2014. 
 Our retail channel net revenues increased 3.1% to $498 million in the first quarter, primarily driven by West Elm and our international franchise operations. Gross margin for the quarter was 36.8% versus 37.8% last year. The decline in gross margin resulted from lower selling margins, primarily from the increased shipping and fulfillment-related costs associated with the West Coast port disruption. 
 Occupancy costs in the first quarter of 2015 were $151 million or 14.7% of net revenues, leveraging 30 basis points. In the first quarter, we generated 40 basis points of SG&A leverage. SG&A improved to 29.8% of net revenues in 2015 versus 30.2% in 2014, resulting from advertising efficiencies and employment leverage. Strong expense control and productivity gains from our disciplined approach to marketing effectiveness allowed us to help mitigate the lower selling margins within the gross margin. This resulted in a remaining net 60-basis-point decline in operating margin to 7%, which was due to the financial impact of the West Coast port slowdown. 
 By channel, the operating margin in the e-commerce channel was 24% versus 24.7% in 2014. The operating margin in the retail channel was 5.6% versus 6.3% in 2014, and corporate unallocated expenses as a rate represented 8.1% of net revenues versus 7.9% in 2014. 
 In the e-commerce channel, the 70-basis-point decline in operating margin was driven by lower selling margins from higher shipping costs partially offset by advertising efficiencies, as well as the leverage of employment and occupancy costs. In the retail channel, the 70-basis-point decline in operating margin resulted from lower selling margins, partially offset by the leverage of occupancy expenses. 
 Corporate unallocated expenses as a percentage of net revenues increased 20 basis points, primarily from higher year-over-year employment and employment-related costs, as well as higher occupancy costs associated with incremental investments in our IT Infrastructure to support our strategic long-term growth initiatives. 
 Excluding the estimated impacts from the West Coast ports disruption, corporate unallocated expenses as a percentage of net revenues would be essentially flat to last year. First quarter 2015 diluted earnings per share, including the financial impact of the West Coast port disruption, were $0.48. 
 Moving to the balance sheet, cash at the end of the quarter was $79 million versus $113 million last year. In the first quarter, we returned $85 million to stockholders through share repurchases and dividends comprising $53 million in share repurchases and $32 million in dividends. Merchandise inventories increased 10.9% to $943 million at the end of the first quarter, a substantial portion of this inventory, however, was in-transit and not available for sale as of the end of the quarter. 
 Excluding our newer businesses and the inventory associated with our global expansion, inventory on-hand and available for sale was up 1%, which includes a year-over-year decrease in both the Pottery Barn and Pottery Barn Kids brands of 3.2% and 0.1%, respectively. 
 Substantial progress has been made since year-end, and by the end of the second quarter, we expect our in-stock inventory to not only be replenished, but to grow faster than our revenue growth as we are investing in inventory to set us up for the back half of the year. 
 I would now like to discuss our second quarter and fiscal year 2015 guidance. As previously mentioned, we do expect there to be some residual impact from the West Coast port disruption throughout the second quarter of approximately $5 million to $10 million in reduced revenues and $0.02 to $0.04 in reduced earnings per share, which is reflected in our guidance. 
 For the second quarter of 2015, we expect to grow net revenues to a range of $1,085,000,000 to $1,105,000,000 with comparable brand revenue growth in the range of 4% to 6%. We expect our second quarter operating margin to be below last year, and we expect diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $0.53 to $0.57. 
 For the full year, we expect to deliver another record year for our shareholders. We are reiterating all of our guidance ranges. We expect to grow net revenues to a range of $4,950,000,000 to $5,020,000,000 with comparable brand revenue growth of 4% to 6%. 
 We expect our operating margin to be in the range of 10.2% to 10.5%, and our diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $3.35 to $3.45. All other financial guidance within the press release remains unchanged from the previous guidance. This guidance on the year, excluding the short-term impact from the West Coast port disruption, reflects revenue and earnings guidance that is in line with our 3-year outlook of mid- to high single-digit revenue growth and low double-digit to mid-teens EPS growth with revenues growing 8%, including comparable brand revenue growth of 5% to 7% and earnings growth of 12% at the high end of the range. 
 The underlying health of our brands and channels remained strong, and we believe our long-term growth initiatives remain on track to allow us to more than double our business. We are also reiterating our commitment to maintaining a balanced capital allocation strategy in fiscal year 2015. 
 We plan to utilize our operating cash flow to invest in the business in support of our ongoing growth initiatives in the range of $200 million to $220 million, and we remain committed to returning cash to our shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends. We now have $234 million remaining and available for share repurchases on our $750 million multiyear share repurchase authorization and expect to buy back $200 million to $250 million of our shares in fiscal year 2015. We are also committed to continuing to pay dividends targeted at 35% to 40% of net income and in line with the S&P 500 dividend yield. 
 In summary, we are confident in the year ahead and in the underlying health of our business. Our competitive advantages have not changed. We have strong brands that are delivering innovative products and outstanding service, a multichannel platform with superior e-commerce capabilities resulting in more than 50% of our business already coming from e-commerce and profitably. And many opportunities for continued growth and market share gains, as well as a commitment to financial discipline and returning capital to shareholders. These allow us to remain confident in our ability to deliver sustainable long-term profitable growth. 
 I would now like to open the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Daniel Hofkin from William Blair & Company. 
Daniel Hofkin: Just wanted to talk a little bit about some of the expanded clienteling/service offerings in your furniture businesses, and then just hear a little bit more about that. And then find out kind of how some of the similar initiatives that you're -- that you've been rolling out over the last year in the Williams-Sonoma brand, how that's progressing and what you're learning there? 
Laura Alber: This is Laura. We really believe that relevant offers are the most effective, and so we're so lucky that we have such a robust history of our customers' purchase behavior and the portfolio of brands that we have allow us to understand what the customers are looking for. And we use this information to not only target and personalize our offers online, but also to better connect with our customers in the stores. And so actually our store associates will understand more clearly what the different customers already previously purchased and what they are looking for. And we really believe in building that one-on-one connection in our stores and using our stores for that really high-touch service. And then, of course, they go online and they often -- they go to the store, they visit in the store, then they go online and make the purchase. And so it's a very effective way to target and give our customers offers that are relevant in a sea of I think a lot of offers out there that are less relevant. As it relates to our initiatives in Williams-Sonoma, we've been working hard over the last several years to really develop much more proprietary products, both within our own Williams-Sonoma branded product line, but also with our vendor partners who've been amazing with us in developing those lines. And we've made very good progress, as you see by the positive comps we've been running consecutively, and we also recognize that there's a lot more that we can do and we're testing a lot of new things. We talked last call about our wonderful South Coast Plaza store and the integration of Williams-Sonoma Home into that store, and we see that as an interesting opportunity. We're testing a few different things in that space. It's competitive so I don't want to go too much into it, but I think there's something very exciting there about that interaction. 
Operator: We'll move next to Peter Benedict with Robert Baird. 
Peter Benedict: I guess, so one question. How are you planning the advertising expense, Julie, within your full year outlook? I mean, it's been -- if you look back, I mean, the last 5 or 6 years, it's been a nice source of leverage, I think it's comped like 10% of sales to about 7% last year. I know that's part of the strategy in how you guys play, but how much further can you go on that? And is that something that you think will continue to be a source of leverage over the next couple of years? 
Julie Whalen: We're going to let Pat Connolly actually answer that question. 
Pat Connolly: Great. Peter, I think we've made improvements, as you say, over the last couple of years, actually over a pretty sustained period of time. And I think we've made fairly significant investments here over the last 12 months in improving the functionality in our websites, which has really improved conversion. Our mobile site sales are almost up 80% year-over-year and a big part of that has been improving our mobile site experience. We're continuing to make strides in personalization and improving in the post-purchase experience for our customers with a focus on order tracking and visibility. We're -- in the marketing, specifically, where we've made strategic decisions to drive customer acquisition across the entire conversion funnel; we're spending more on digital, particularly, in acquiring new customers and we've increased our content syndication and grown our blogger outreach to support the brands. But I think it really begs the bigger question is, "How were you able to do that and still be so profitable?" And that's what's probably the most unique thing about us. Growing to this size, we're the 21st largest e-commerce retailer, over 50% and yet very, very profitable. I think we have a 20-year head start. We have $50 million-name -- 50 million household customer base that have bought from us, but I think fundamentally across the company, we understand that e-commerce, first and foremost, is a retail business and it just happens to be conducted online. And lastly, brands matter and the strength of your brand is really measured by the trust and customers trust us. They've built that trust over many years, in many cases, through experiences in our stores and through buying through the catalog. So I think all of those together are going to allow us to continue to drive further efficiencies in our advertising. 
Operator: We'll move next to Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs. 
Matthew Fassler: The question I want to ask relates to the impact of the port strike and measuring it financially, particularly on the margin side. If you do the math on the numbers that you gave us with the sales hit and the EPS hit, you get essentially implied 50% margin flow-through, which I would imagine is pretty close to your merchandise margin -- your pure merch margin of the sales that you lost. Is there a way for us to understand the impact to gross margin rate from the extra shipping costs and other additional expenses associated with the port strike? 
Julie Whalen: Sure, Matt, this is Julie. I'll take that. I think the way to think about it, obviously, we hadn't quantified it necessarily or disclosed it by line item, but the reality is the biggest impact is to gross margin. And so when I said in my prepared remarks that our gross margin is effectively down due to lower selling margins primarily from the increased shipping and fulfillment-related costs due to the West Coast port disruption, it's primarily due to that. So that's one way to quantify it. I think the other way to think about it is that the pure merchandise margin was down year-over-year. This was also due to the fact that we had to fill promotional holiday products that was held up at the port at the end of the year and so we basically didn't get to recognize that in Q1 which also impacted the margins. So really the story is that the gross margin was almost entirely impacted by the West Coast port. 
Matthew Fassler: And then how do you feel about the merch -- the pure merch margin trajectory, which I know started to make headway in Q4? And I know you have some initiatives that are directed at shoring that up. Do you feel like those initiatives are still on track and that number could ultimately start to flatten out? 
Julie Whalen: Absolutely. So I mean, we expect that there will be a short-term shipping pressure, of course, as we go into Q2, given there's still the residual impact from the port that will happen in Q2, but as we move longer term throughout the balance of the year and, obviously, post this year, all of the initiatives that we've been working on, in particular, the in-sourcing of our foreign agents and the regionalization of our distribution centers, lower costs for us. So I mean, the in-sourcing as you know, got -- was completed last year in June so this is our first full year of that. And just alone by the fact that we don't have the overhead structure with a third-party has reduced cost on that line. So we do expect longer term to see margin expansion. 
Operator: And next we have Greg Melich with Evercore. 
Gregory Melich: I think my question really followed on, I think, from the last one. When you think about that in-sourcing and how the inventory is growing, even though we're -- we've had the port problems and not been in stock, what should we expect a normal merchandise inventory number to be now that once we get the port thing cleared out, should we still be growing at, say, 10% to 12%, but that the in-stock or the available inventory is now 10% or 12%? Or how should we think about that? 
Julie Whalen: So I mean, obviously we don't guide per se inventory levels other than to say, which I think Laura mentioned in the call, that to be in stock, this whole West Coast port slowdown has really validated for us the criticality of being in stock. And so we are going to be focused on improving our in-stock inventory levels, obviously throughout Q2, but to set us up really for the back half of the year. And so we expect that our inventory will not only be replenished by the end of the second quarter, but that we'll grow it faster than our revenue growth as we are investing in inventory to set us up for the back half of the year and longer term. 
Gregory Melich: So if inventory is up 11% year-over-year, we should expect it to still be up 11% at the end of the second or third quarter and just that the in-stock availability is better? 
Julie Whalen: So obviously, I'm not going to be able to give you a number, but your expectation should be higher than that if I'm referencing in-stock inventory is going to be growing higher than revenue growth because the 10.9% relates to the balance sheet inventory level. 
Gregory Melich: Got it. And the payables that haven't been growing, I guess should we expect payables to start to grow as you -- as that inventory normalizes so that the working capital cost isn't as great? 
Laura Alber: Absolutely. 
Operator: And next we have Jessica Mace with Nomura Securities. 
Jessica Schoen: My question is on West Elm. I'm just wondering if you could talk about in the strong results you saw this quarter, what initiatives have gone into place that are beginning to impact that and maybe some of the timing on some of the other initiatives such as contract or the partnership with Inscape that we should expect throughout the rest of the year. 
Laura Alber: Thanks for the question. We've talked about choice, consciousness, community. What does that mean? Choice is in the product offer and we have great aesthetic choices for our customer. Mid-century and industrial aesthetics continue to work well. And we are seeing growth across all categories, honestly, with outsized growth coming from furniture. We continue to bring in new flows of product and stocks in Q2. We're really excited, we have a pre-fall assortment we've never had before. It helps us break the monotony of the end-of-season sale and buoy the margin up when a lot of other people are on sale. We also -- as you think about the other 2 initiatives, we realize that customers don't just want to buy things. They want to know where they're from. They want people to source products sustainability, and West Elm has really embraced this idea and has such a big footprint in the area of consciousness because of all the wonderful things that they're doing. Jim Brett and his team actually were the #1 people to raise money for the AIDS Walk last week in New York, which we were very, very proud of. It's just one small example of how involved West Elm is in every single local community. And as far as it goes to new initiatives in West Elm, Workspace is a big one, right around the corner. We're going to launch at NeoCon on June 15 in Chicago. For those who don't know, NeoCon is the largest commercial interior show in North America, takes place in Chicago and it's the premier platform for connecting learning and doing business in the industry. And we're going to be opening, in conjunction with that, our permanent 2,500 square-foot showroom at The Merchandise Mart, and we are on track to have dealer representation in all key metropolitan areas. So West Elm Workspace is more than on track and it includes more than 75 furniture pieces for offices, cross desks, benching systems, private office and common lounge spaces. And we see this area as one that is really underserved in the market. 
Operator: And next we'll move to Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. 
Simeon Gutman: One follow-up to Matt's question and then a separate one. If we look at the financial impact, maybe a slightly different way, just in terms of what the EBIT margin would have expanded, our math is getting us to about 20 basis points, Julie, and I don't know if there's anything wrong with that math. And then, if that's right, is that largely -- is that mostly gross margin-driven? 
Julie Whalen: I think it would be higher. I'm obviously not going to give you that number exactly, but it would be higher margin expansion on the bottom, and it is largely -- predominantly, gross margin. 
Simeon Gutman: Okay, that's helpful. And then just one, maybe for Laura, can you remind us if you commented on this, how big the outdoor furniture category is for you; the time frame that the bulk of the sales get done and then any early read on how that business is performing? 
Laura Alber: It is so competitive, I'm sorry, that I'm not going to give you the number. I will tell you that it is off to a great start. 
Operator: Next we'll move to Seth Sigman with Crdit Suisse. 
Seth Sigman: Can you guys update us on the International business? I think you mentioned improving margins there this quarter. Can you elaborate what's driving that? And I realize you're probably still somewhat in investment mode there, but how do you think about the potential to close the margin gap at that business and your U.S. business? 
Julie Whalen: Okay. I'll take that. It's Julie. Yes, we're very excited about this opportunity, as you know, we believe this could be a huge growth opportunity for us long term, and I think as we said to many of you that this is a long-term model to get it to be the level we want it to be, anywhere from 3 to 5 years from when we enter the country. And so we're just starting to get to a level of scale that we can start to see some of these benefits. But it's still in the beginning stages and one of the biggest things we did, as an example, that's improving the margins is we renegotiated our distribution center deal there, and that generated some substantial savings. And so it's little things like that, one after another that we're looking at and pulling apart and just becoming more operationally efficient. And so as we move through and get more scale, we're going to see more of those opportunities. 
Operator: Now move on to Michael Lasser with UBS. 
Michael Lasser: I'm wondering about the competitive landscape. Presumably, since you are bigger and have a little more muscle in the marketplace, you were less-impacted -- although you're still very impacted by the port issues, you're probably less impacted, maybe, than some of the smaller players out there. And so do you think that as a result, some of those smaller players or ever medium-sized players, were less promotional because they didn't have the inventory to promote and so that made the environment a little less tense? Because it seems like you were less promotional if all the merchandise margin pressure was related to the West Coast port. 
Laura Alber: I'll just say it is still promotional out there, but I wouldn't read too much into the comparative number of promotions we run. There are promotions that we didn't comp obviously and there's ones that we changed. And it's part of doing -- executing our strategy, and I wouldn't say it's an elevated level per se in the marketplace. But I think the things that really set us apart in our categories where we compete are that, first of all, we're vertical. We create, design and contract most of what we sell. If you want to buy our products, you have to buy them from us. And this model not only gives us exclusivity and pricing power, that eliminates layers of cost that we can pass onto the customer in the form of outstanding quality at a great value. The other major difference is our model, obviously. We really do operate a different model than most of the people that are out there trying to compete with us, and it's really, I think, beyond multichannel or omni-channel. I think what we're creating is a three-dimensional experience. And when you close your eyes and you think of our brands and you think of our stores and catalogs, they bring our brands to life, and in our categories, I think that's the magic. You can visualize how your home would look, how the meal you will serve to your family and friends will look and then you can go to one of our websites and you can quickly order it, and I think that's what makes us different. And I think that is what is the big part of our continuing success. 
Michael Lasser: Well, that makes sense and that's helpful. Just a quick follow-up on the margin question, do you -- is it -- should we expect as we're forecasting the P&L, that you should get most of the margin pressure that you saw on the first quarter back in the first quarter of next year? 
Julie Whalen: In the first quarter of next year? We're not providing... 
Michael Lasser: Yes, just as you anniversary it, there's nothing that really should be ongoing. It's all kind of onetime-ish, correct? 
Julie Whalen: Well, obviously, we have next quarter as well with the residual impacts that we're going to be experiencing with higher shipping costs that will hit the gross margin as well. But to the extent we've quantified how much is worth the port in that range, that is what we expect is worth in the port in Q1 this year. 
Operator: And we have time for one last question, and that'll be from David Magee with SunTrust. 
David Magee: I just had a 2-part question. One is can you give us an update in terms of what you expect to do this year in reducing custom furniture delivery times? And at the same time, I'm curious what's happening with regard to your ability to recognize e-commerce visitors and then how that's changing this year as well? 
Laura Alber: Could you repeat your second part of your question? 
David Magee: Sure. Just the -- your ability to recognize unique visitors to your site. And it's my understanding that, that capability has been improving and -- which is obviously a nice competitive advantage. Any color there would be helpful. 
Laura Alber: Okay, thanks. On the first one, when you think about our competitive advantages, certainly one is our supply chain. And we believe that speed is another really important new currency in the furniture marketplace. As you know, we've invested in our own furniture, upholstered furniture manufacturing unit, and we are making some strategic changes so that we can significantly improve wait times on our upholstered furniture, which I think is really a game changer because so many other people who are cropping up, they don't even -- it's not their product. They're in a marketplace model. And they don't control the supply chain and we know that we can provide superior service and higher touch service by controlling the whole thing, and this opportunity to reduce the wait times substantially is one that we're extremely focused on. And Pat, I think maybe you should take the second part of the question. 
Pat Connolly: Sure. I think, Dave, you're referring to our ability to identify customers when they come to the site and then offer -- and give them personalized offers based on that and that's really a function of new technology that we implemented last year and we've gone from recognizing 25% of site visitors up to now 60% or 70%. We're actually recognizing and knowing about 15% to 20% of site visitors who've never been to the site before and then being able to, understanding that, give them the right kind of offer and to serve up this personalized content based on their experience with us up to yesterday and do that in less than 20 milliseconds, so it's a big technology enhancement. And I think we're still in the early innings and you'll see throughout this year and in coming years just our ability to personalize virtually every page for the customer. So we're pretty excited about not only what we've been able to do, but what we think what we can do in the future. 
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I'll now turn the conference call back over to Ms. Alber for any additional or closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: Well, thank you, all, for joining us this afternoon. We appreciate your time and continued support, and we look forward to speaking with you again in August. 
Operator: Thank you, everyone. And that does conclude our conference call for today. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-03-18 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma, Inc., Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. And I would now like to turn the call over to Gabrielle Rabinovitch, Vice President Investor Relations, to discuss non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking statements. Please go ahead. 
Gabrielle Rabinovitch: Thank you, Matt. Good afternoon. This call should be considered in conjunction with the press releases that we issued earlier today. Our earnings press release and this call may contain non-GAAP financial measures that exclude the impact of unusual business events. A reconciliation of any of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and our explanation of why these non-GAAP financial measures may be useful are discussed in our release.
 In the fourth quarter of 2014, we recognized non-GAAP income associated with the Visa/MasterCard antitrust litigation settlement. This income was recognized as corporate unallocated income and did not impact the e-commerce and retail reportable segments. Additionally, as a reminder, when we discuss our fiscal year numbers, we recognized non-GAAP expense of $0.02 in the first quarter of fiscal 2013, which was also recognized in corporate unallocated. The remainder of the discussion today will relate to results excluding these non-GAAP items.
 This call also contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which addressed the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, trends, guidance, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2015 and beyond and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company's current press releases and SEC filings, including the most recent 10-K and 10-Q, for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call.
 I will now turn the conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer, to discuss our results. 
Laura Alber: Thank you, Gabrielle. Good afternoon, and thank you, all, for joining us today. On the call with me are Julie Whalen, our Chief Financial Officer; and Pat Connolly, our Chief Strategy and Business Development Officer.
 I'm pleased to report today on our strong brand performance for the fourth quarter and the year and share our opportunities for the future. In 2014, we delivered EPS of $3.20 per share on top of $2.84 last year, exceeding guidance that we had raised twice during the year. We experienced growth in all of our brands and across our channel, highlighted by our highly profitable e-commerce business, which grew to over 50% of total revenue.
 We achieved these results while also continuing to invest in our strong brands and multichannel platform. We implemented technology enhancements to improve customer service and advance the flexibility and capacity of our e-commerce platform. We completed the insourcing of our foreign buying officers -- offices, which will not only reduce costs but improve quality and strengthen our supplier relationships. And we continued to refine our domestic supply chain by insourcing more of our furniture delivery operations. We also made significant progress in automating aspects of our personalization capability.
 In the fourth quarter, we exceeded the high end of our expectations despite challenges relating to the West Coast port disruption. The prolonged slowdown negatively impacted our results and will continue to impact us to an even greater degree in the beginning of this year. Mitigating this situation is a key priority, and we are intently focused on the strategies and tactics to ensure the availability of merchandise in our stores and on our website. Julie will talk in more detail about the impact of the port disruption on our business later in the call.
 Before I go through our holiday performance by brand, I want to tell you what our mindset was going into the holiday season. We knew it was going to be promotional, and it was, even so, more so than expected. We had strong performance because of our innovative, exclusive products and our high-service multichannel model. Serving our customer is the foundation of our operating strategy. In the fourth quarter, this meant expediting product that arrived late to ensure it reached our customers in time for the holidays. We also stepped up our retail execution this holiday season. Our in-store experiences further differentiated our brands.
 I'd like to give you some highlights of our brands' performance during the quarter. The Williams-Sonoma brand posted its sixth consecutive quarter of comparable brand revenue growth with a 2.8% comp. We are seeing momentum in the brand. The strategies that we have outlined are working and allowing us to gain market share. Our cookware, food and entertaining categories were strong performers. Also in the fourth quarter, we opened a new Costa Mesa store that represents a fresh experience at retail for the brand. The results of this store had exceeded our expectations, and we see opportunity to improve productivity at retail based on learnings from this model.
 Across our Pottery Barn brands, customer demand growth in the quarter was more than twice net revenue growth as delays in receipts created lost demand and increased back orders that were not filled during the quarter. Pottery Barn comp brand net revenues increased 2.9%. Our nostalgic decorative accessories, textiles and tabletop collections were met with a strong customer response. Throughout the quarter, we also saw significant demand for furniture across our upholstery and leather businesses. Pottery Barn Kids' Q4 comparable brand net revenues increased 2.7%. Our strategy to own seasonal decorating for children contributed to our performance and brought new customers to the brand. In PBteen, comparable brand net revenues grew 3%. Highlights from the PBteen business were our seasonal bedding assortments and textile assortments, including our girls' and guys' sleepover and gear collections.
 And in West Elm, we once again delivered exceptional performance in the quarter with 19.6% comparable brand net revenue growth on top of 18.3% last year. West Elm began to increase inventory levels during the summer and early fall to support new-store openings, and as a result, while still impacted by the port disruption, net revenues were closer to demand. The brand drove positive results in both the core assortment as well as notable newness, with the biggest category growth coming from furniture, including line extensions and expanded aesthetics. By flowing in a prespring assortment in late December, West Elm took advantage of continued high traffic during the holiday season, giving customers another reason to shop the brand.
 I will now turn the call over to Julie to review our financial results in detail and provide our guidance for 2015. I will then come back and outline the strategies we are implementing to achieve our objectives. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon, everyone. Before I walk you through our results in more detail, I would like to begin with a few financial highlights for the year.
 For the full year, comparable brand revenues grew 7.1% with 12.1% growth in our e-commerce business. This year for the first time, e-commerce revenues surpassed 50% of our revenue and Pottery Barn passed the $2 billion threshold for brand net revenues. Williams-Sonoma delivered 3.8% comparable brand revenue growth, the highest it has been since 2010 and more than double last year. And West Elm delivered comparable brand revenue growth of 18.2%, the fifth year of double-digit increases. Operating margin reached a record 10.5%. The strength of our operating model gives us the ability to deliver this year-over-year operating margin expansion while continuing to invest in our infrastructure, develop new brands and expand the reach of our brands globally. And our EPS for the full year grew 12.7%, consistent with our longer-term outlook. We also returned approximately $350 million to stockholders while investing in the long-term growth of our business.
 Now I would like to comment further on our fourth quarter performance. For the fourth quarter, net revenues grew to $1,542,000,000 or a year-over-year increase of 5.2% with comparable brand revenues increasing 5.1%. Net revenues in our e-commerce channel represented 49.9% of total company net revenues, a mix increase of 170 basis points over last year and grew 9% to $770 million. Net revenues in our retail channel grew 1.6% to $772 million.
 Gross margin for the fourth quarter was 40.1% versus 40.6% last year, including occupancy costs of $155 million in the fourth quarter of 2014 versus $149 million in the fourth quarter of 2013. We are pleased with our gross margin performance in Q4. We had a very carefully planned promotional strategy, and we saw benefits from the insourcing of our foreign agents. The pressure we saw on gross margins was substantially related to increased fulfillment cost as a result of actions we took to mitigate port disruptions to fulfill our customer demand.
 SG&A decreased to 25.2% of revenues from 25.8% in the fourth quarter of 2013. This 60 basis point improvement was primarily related to employment leverage and greater advertising efficiencies.
 Operating margin for the fourth quarter was 14.9%, a 10 basis point improvement from the fourth quarter of last year. By channel, the operating margin in the e-commerce channel in the fourth quarter of 2014 was 23.6% versus 24.7% in the fourth quarter of 2013. The 110 basis point decline was primarily driven by lower selling margins, which were significantly impacted by increased fulfillment cost as a result of our commitment to get our customers' holiday gifts to them in time, especially in light of the later peak in holiday demand as well as the incremental cost of our port mitigation action. This was partially offset by greater advertising efficiencies. In the retail channel, the operating margin was 17% versus 17.2% in 2013. An improvement in gross margin, primarily due to higher selling margin, was offset by employment cost deleverage related to our global initiatives and new-store openings, particularly in the West Elm brand.
 Corporate and unallocated operating expenses represented 5.4% of net revenues versus 6% of net revenues in 2013. The 60 basis point improvement was primarily driven by employment leverage. These results generated $230 million in operating income and 10.1% growth in diluted earnings per share to $1.52 in the fourth quarter.
 For the fiscal year, net revenues increased to $4,699,000,000 or 7.1% with comparable brand revenues increasing 7.1%. By channel, net revenues in our e-commerce channel grew 12.1% to $2,371,000,000, reaching a major milestone of representing over half of our annual revenues for the first time. Net revenues in our retail channel grew 2.4% to $2,328,000,000.
 Gross margin for the year was 38.3% versus 38.8% last year. Gross margin was primarily driven by lower selling margins. Fiscal 2014 occupancy costs were $603 million versus $562 million in 2013.
 SG&A decreased 70 basis points to 27.8% of net revenues from 28.5% in 2013. The 70 basis point improvement resulted from advertising efficiencies, deleverage of employment expenses, and lower general expenses from strong financial and operational discipline throughout the year. In fiscal 2014, advertising expenses increased $4.4 million to $330 million from $326 million in 2013, resulting in 40 basis points of leverage and contributed to a $311 million increase in revenue in 2014.
 Our business generated $495 million in operating income in 2014, increasing 9% from 2013. Operating margin was 10.5%, a 10 basis point increase from 2013. Strong operating results allowed us to invest in our growth initiatives while still generating year-over-year operating margin expansion. By channel, the operating margin in the e-commerce channel for 2014 was 23.6% versus 23.7% in 2013. The 10 basis point difference resulted primarily from lower selling margins, which were almost completely offset by advertising efficiencies allowing us to deliver another year of record operating income in the e-commerce channel. In the retail channel, 2014 operating margin was 10.7% versus 11% in 2013. Higher selling margins and lower general expenses were offset by employment cost deleverage related to our global initiative and new-store openings, particularly in the West Elm brand, as well as higher occupancy costs related to our company-owned global expansion.
 Corporate and unallocated operating expenses represented 6.7% of net revenues, flat to 2013, with occupancy deleverage associated with our ongoing IT investments offset by the leverage of employment and general expenses.
 Diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2014 were $3.20, a 12.7% increase over 2013. Our business continues to generate strong financial returns and excellent cash flows. Cash at the end of the year was $223 million. Cash provided by operating activities of $462 million allowed us to invest in the business with $205 million in capital expenditures and to return $350 million to stockholders in the form of share repurchases of $224 million and dividend of $126 million.
 Merchandise inventories at the end of the year increased 9.2% to $888 million, of which a significant portion of this inventory was in transit and not available for sale. Our inventory available for sale in total only grew 3% year-over-year. These lower inventory levels were particularly evident across the PB portfolio of brands.
 In the PB brand, our largest brand, inventory on hand and available for sale was 9% lower than last year. And our year-over-year inventory levels available for sale have continued to deteriorate into 2015 from the ongoing impact of the West Coast port disruption. We began implementing strategies earlier last summer to prioritize receipts and divert shipments to other ports on both the East and West Coasts, but given the size of our business and the type of merchandise we sell, there are limited options for mitigation. With our import levels amounting to approximately 30,000 containers each year and with about 50% of these typically moving through the West Coast port alone, we are one of the 25 largest container volume importers in the United States.
 Every day, we are continuing to assess all options to get merchandise to our customers more quickly. Our #1 priority has always been to serve our customer. To this end, we ship merchandise across the country to our West Coast DC and incur substantial incremental shipping expense to ensure that our customers' orders will arrive in time.
 Through the fourth quarter, we were able to offset missed sales and incremental costs with other operating efficiencies. However, the situation at the West Coast ports deteriorated in February, causing a material disruption in 2015 that is ongoing. While an agreement has been reached, the slowdown has created a significant backlog, and the reality is we are still waiting for many containers to be unloaded at the port.
 As such, we have provided an estimate reflecting our best assessment of the short-term impact that the port disruption will have on our business, which includes the earnings impact of delayed receipts on back order fill and lost customer demand as well as increased fulfillment expenses. We are estimating the impact of the West Coast port slowdown to be approximately $30 million to $40 million in lost sales and $0.10 to $0.12 in reduced EPS in fiscal 2015, which predominantly affects the first quarter.
 The underlying health of our brands and channels remains strong, and our long-term growth initiatives remain on track to allow us to more than double our business. Our guidance on the year, excluding this short-term impact from the West Coast port disruption, reflects revenue and earnings guidance that is in line with our 3-year outlook of mid to high single-digit revenue growth and low double-digit to midteens EPS growth, with revenues growing 8%, including comparable brand revenue growth of 5% to 7% and earnings growing 12% at the high end of the range.
 With this in consideration, I would now like to discuss our outlook for 2015, which includes the impact of the West Coast port disruption. For the year, we expect to grow net revenues to a range of $4,950,000,000 to $5,020,000,000 with comparable brand revenue growth in the range of 4% to 6%. Operating margin is expected to be in the range of 10.2% to 10.5%. Diluted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $3.35 to $3.45 per share.
 For the first quarter of 2015, we expect to grow net revenues to a range of $990 million to $1,010,000,000 with comparable brand revenue growth of 2% to 4%. We expect operating margin to be below last year's operating margin rate and diluted earnings per share will be in the range of $0.40 to $0.45 per share.
 In fiscal year 2015, there are also no changes to our capital allocation policy. We remain committed to our longer-term outlook of maintaining a balanced capital allocation strategy. We plan to utilize our operating cash flow to invest in the business, to support our ongoing growth initiatives and to return cash to shareholders. In fiscal year 2015, consistent with our 3-year outlook, we are planning capital spending in a range of $200 million to $220 million.
 In addition to our required annual investments in our retail fleet and IT infrastructure, we will be investing in those areas where we see sustainable long-term returns for our shareholders. First, we'll be making investments in our e-commerce platform, which continues to demonstrate double-digit revenue growth year-over-year and an operating margin of 24%. Second, we'll be make investments in our supply chain initiatives that continue to materially reduce costs throughout our network as well as provide value and service to our customers. Third, we'll be making investments in new stores, particularly in the West Elm brand, which has delivered profitable 3-year revenue growth of 99% and comp growth of 53%. And finally, we'll be making investments in our longer-term growth initiatives, including our newer businesses and global expansion, supporting our long-term growth targets to more than double the business.
 We also remain committed to returning cash to our shareholders. In 2013, we announced a $750 million share repurchase authorization. We have $287 million remaining on the program and available for share repurchases during 2015. We also announced in 2013 a commitment to pay dividends targeted at 35% to 40% of net income and in line with the S&P 500 dividend yield. Today, in support of this commitment, we announced a 6% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.35 per share. This is the ninth dividend increase we have had since its inception in 2006 and represents a dividend increase of more than 100% over the last 3 years alone. These dividends and share repurchases combined will have us returning more than $1 billion to our shareholders over a 3-year period.
 In summary, we are confident in our ability to achieve these results, and we have a team motivated to deliver on our long-term objectives. Looking ahead, we see many opportunities for continued growth, and we believe we are well positioned to deliver on all of our long-term strategic growth initiatives.
 I would now like to turn the call back to Laura to discuss our strategies in place to support these long-term initiatives. 
Laura Alber: Thank you, Julie. Before we move to Q&A, I'd like to discuss our key initiatives and objectives.
 Back in early October, I was in Sonoma, California, and we were opening our -- reopening a Williams-Sonoma store in the original location of Chuck Williams' first store opened in 1956. Went to great lengths to replicate the original store, including much of the merchandise assortment. The look and feel and the customer experience was surprisingly relevant. The next morning, we cooked breakfast, inviting the entire town of Sonoma to join us in the plaza. About 2,000 people showed up to show their appreciation of us returning to our roots, and of course, to eat the pancakes. This experience made me realize once again how far this company has come in its 58-year life and the 20 years I've been with it, how fortunate we've been to attract such outstanding associates and supplier partners that have accepted the responsibility of stewardship of a great brand while constantly seeking ways to be relevant to the needs and desires of today's consumer, the importance and rewards of staying true to your values.
 Of course, today, we're a strong portfolio of brands. We have 8 brands, 7 of which we have developed ourself. And in each brand, we have passionate stewards that are constantly responding to the customers' needs and desires of products and services that meet those needs. Our mission is to enhance our customers' lives at home, and our associates always put the customer first. They also deliver daily results while staying focused on the long-term goal of being the leading home furnishings and housewares retailer in the world. And we believe that the growth opportunities we see ahead of us are greater than any in our history.
 You may be asking what makes us think that. And why do we believe that we will continue to produce growth in revenue and earnings while delivering greater value to our customers in an increasingly competitive and rapidly changing retail environment? The results that we have delivered over the past years are but one factor in giving us this confidence. We have big plans for the future, but we are equally committed to delivering exceptional results along the way. Our brand strategies are the foundation for growth. And in each of our brands, we believe we can take market share. Our portfolio of brands and our strength in brand development is a differentiator.
 I'd now like to provide more detail about our 2015 brand-specific initiatives. In the Williams-Sonoma brand, our strategies for the brand are further setting the brand apart as the destination for cooking and entertaining. While we still have work to do, our teams have made great progress against their strategic initiative, and the brand performance was the best in the last 4 years with growth beating industry averages. We've refreshed the brand image and made significant progress attracting new customer demographics to the brand. We have a renewed presence in the food community with chefs and food and cooking enthusiasts. We've also delivered exclusive inspiring products with increased penetration of Williams-Sonoma brand of products. Our teams have turned this brand into a vertical design center, allowing us to lead again in exclusive design.
 As an example of our product strategy, this spring, we are offering an Asian-inspired assortment with a new tabletop collection, sauces and spices to quickly bring meals to life, and innovative tools to make cooking easier. We are expanding our Open Kitchen assortment of cookware, cooks tools and dinnerware, which has been an important source of new customers to the brand. We're excited to celebrate Easter and Passover with our customers with new and exclusive entertaining and decor assortments. We'll also be building on the success of Williams-Sonoma Home in 2015 by giving our customers a broader offering. Williams-Sonoma Home represents a sizable opportunity, and we will extend its reach throughout the year and beyond.
 I would now like to update you on our strategies for the Pottery Barn brand. Together, the Pottery Barn brands approached $3 billion in revenue, having grown at approximately a 16% compounded aggregate growth rate over the past 20 years. And we believe we are just getting going. We continue to see white space, areas that we believe are opportunities in each of the Pottery Barn brands. Product development has always made us a leader in design and sets us apart. We are expanding categories, expanding aesthetics. We are further regionalizing assortments. We are introducing exciting new collaborations. We are offering additional pricing tiers. We are increasing our speed to market. And we are building on our personalization capability.
 Our biggest opportunity over the next several years may be our One Home [ph] strategy, which pulls our customer across every life stage, lifestyle and life size. We place all 3 brands under a leader who has worked on all 3 brands for more than 20 years. And the majority of our PB Kids customers are also PB customers, and the majority of our new PBteen customers were once PB Kids customers. We've given each brand greater visibility on all 3 websites, and this has increased cross-brand referral traffic by 25%. Our personalized clientele-ing and in-home interior design services are becoming more integrated and are key to our competitive advantage in the market.
 In the short term, our biggest opportunity across all 3 Pottery Barn brands is to improve our in-stock position. We know that being in-stock is critical. Out-of-stock situations not only create back orders but increase lost demand and increase cost. A Pottery Barn Kids customer who wants to buy cribs may choose not to if the mattress and bedding for that crib are not available. And this is why we are so intently focused on resolving the receipt of our delayed shipments and increasing our in-stock position for the remainder of the year.
 In the Pottery Barn brand specifically, we believe we have a strong product lineup for 2015. We have extensive new outdoor collections and new collaborations that we'll be introducing through the balance of the year. We're also continuing to build on our success with free in-home design services. In 2015, we'll expand the reach of our brand through social media. We have vast amounts of content that we will syndicate to generate earned media and attract new customers to the brand. We've already introduced a Like2Buy shoppable Instagram feature. And we are also working more with our other user-generated content, and we're testing ways to optimize our use of Pinterest.
 In Pottery Barn Kids, we had strong new customer growth in 2014. And for a brand serving the children's market, the ability to attract new customers profitably is especially important. And we attract almost 1 -- we attracted almost 1 million new customers to the brand, and we are planning on building on this momentum. We're excited about our spring collection featuring a preppy and fresh color pallette and vibrant patterns. Our looks combine core classics with designer-inspired accents, and we continue to improve our quality while staying competitive on price. In 2015, we also expect to expand on our free interior design services across our Kids retail in our direct business.
 In PBteen, we'll be introducing newness throughout the year in our trending categories at new and compelling opening price points. The brand's been especially successful in developing collaborations with key influencers in the teen market. Examples include Burton snowboards, Emily & Merritt, and most recently, the Junk Gypsy. PBteen recently announced an exclusive collaboration with Kelly Slater, the 11-time world surfing champion. Inspired by Slater's genuine passion and commitment to global conservation, this home furnishings collection available in April is made with sustainable materials and recycled fabrics.
 Now I would like to talk about West Elm. Over the past 5 years, the West Elm brand has grown at a compounded annual growth rate of 26%, and the customer response to our aesthetic in category introductions has been strong. This growth has been driven by exceptional performance in retail and e-commerce. In 2014, we opened 11 stores, all of which exceeded our pro forma expectations for revenue and profitability. We plan to open 19 stores in 2015 and look forward to updating you on these exciting development.
 Online, West Elm is also delivering strong results with new marketing initiatives testing new miles for conversion and acquisition and remaining highly focused on the mobile customer experience. West Elm remains focused on its differentiated product strategy, including filling out underserved categories and creating diverse assortments that reflect the local customer as well as layering on West Elm LOCAL collection featuring artists and makers from the store area. West Elm LOCAL will roll out to all stores this year, supporting more than 500 artists and designers. West Elm stores continue to embrace their role as community hubs, creating environments and relationships that foster creativity and empower customers to express their personal style. The brand continues to actively seek out new opportunities for growth and brand extension, an example of which is West Elm Contract.
 West Elm announced a new Contract division in Q3. In Q4, the brand announced a strategic partnership with Inscape, a leader in creating workspace solutions that make life at work better. Last month, the 2 companies gave dealers an exclusive preview of West Elm Workspace, a collection of more than 50 office products designed by West Elm's in-house team and available exclusively with Inscape. West Elm Workspace will offer office systems, private office products, lounge seating and accessories, and will be featured in June at NeoCon, the commercial interior industry's largest design exposition. Like Pottery Barn's whitespace strategy, West Elm Workspace will fill an identified need in the market. Workspace, together with other initiatives currently under development, give us great confidence in the future growth of West Elm. 
 Also today, we have 2 standalone brands that we would categorize as emerging brands: Rejuvenation, and Mark and Graham. Both have excellent growth prospects and are both profitable today. We leverage Williams-Sonoma, Inc.'s, core competencies to drive business and practices in each of these brands. Together, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham grew 30% last year. Both brands are examples of how we can leverage our extensive data analytics capabilities to identify prospective customers and build profitable brands quickly. 
 In Rejuvenation, our product strategy is yielding great results. We are expanding categories by bringing the elements of our beautiful and utilitarian lighting and hardware to other rooms of the home. We're also introducing new aesthetics to grow our business within existing categories. This year, we are focused on aggressive customer acquisitions, leveraging our database and prospecting models with digital marketing and email as well as using social media. We will also look for additional retail opportunities where we have strong direct sales to drive brand awareness and results. 
 Mark and Graham completed its second full year as a brand and offers unedited and timeless assortment of high-quality, thoughtful, personalized gift items. The collections are innovative, creative and nostalgic. Personal accessories, [indiscernible] apparel as well as bar and entertaining categories continue to drive results. Spring is off to a strong start with the new preppy-inspired assortment focused on wellness and travel. Our marketing messages will celebrate milestones and holidays with an emphasis on engagement through social media as well as strategic catalog mailing. 
 Finally, I would like to discuss expanding the reach of our brands around the world. Our global expansion strategy consists of franchise- and company-owned businesses. We will employ these alternatives based on market potential, operational ease and franchise partners' strength in each country. We have great franchise partners, and currently, they operate 20 stores in the Middle East and 2 stores in the Philippines. We have signed a definitive franchise agreement with Liverpool, a 100-year-old department store company in Mexico, and we believe that Mexico is a great market for our brands. We are also pursuing other franchise partners in a number of key regions, and we are finding significant interest from high-quality partners. Our first major entry with company-owned stores has been in Australia. We've opened 13 stores to-date, and we plan to open 6 more this year. We are very pleased with the overall presentation of our brands, our in-store experiences, our teams and our real estate. We're also focused on profitability, and as we gain scale, we should see leverage against the operations. Our strategy with company-owned stores is to complement them with a strong e-commerce presence. Our goal is that we would have the same percentage of e-commerce in these markets as we do in the United States. 
 In closing, I would like to thank our associates for delivering a year in which we produce great results while continuing to invest in our future. As we look ahead, we see so many opportunities that our portfolio of brands and our unique multichannel platform provide, and we are committed to execution. 
 And with that, I would like to thank all of you for your support and open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] At this time, we will take a question from Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs. 
Matthew Fassler: The question I want to focus on today is the impact that the port strike had on the fourth quarter. You sized the impact fairly precisely for the first half of the year. You alluded directionally to some pressure on revenues and also to some degree on gross margin as you worked to expedite shipments that were otherwise delayed. So can you take a shot at the different line items of impact that you saw on Q4? 
Julie Whalen: Sure, Matt. This is Julie. I'll take that. So first of all, I want to make sure we're all clear [ph] on the fact that this West Coast port disruption have impacted all retailers, all with varying impacts depending on size, their container volume, the type of goods they sell and their levels of in-stock and available-for-sale inventory in particular just prior to the disruption and during the disruption. Managing the flow of goods has been and still is our #1 operational priority. And early on, we began redirecting shipments and prioritizing receipts and expediting, et cetera, to serve our customers. And this is more expensive, unfortunately, in the short term but is the right thing to do for our customers. No one expected, including us, that the West Coast port disruption would last as long as it did. And as we started moving through the fourth quarter, those brands with the lowest inventory-on-hand growth, primarily across the portfolio of PB brands, were the most impacted as evidenced in Q4 by demand comps that Laura alluded to across the Pottery Barn brands that were more than double the net comps. Pottery Barn brands, our largest brand of course, ended the year down 9% year-over-year on inventory on hand, and unfortunately, has since deteriorated to currently down approximately 14.5% year-over-year inventory on hand. However, to your question of the impact on the fourth quarter, given the size of the fourth quarter as compared to, say, the first quarter or first half of 2015 and the mix of sales, including a higher mix of Williams-Sonoma sales, which gets the majority of their inventory from domestic vendors and were less impacted, the Q4 impact of the West Coast port slowdown was much less severe on the quarter. Also, given that Q4 includes the holiday time period with, as we all know, a lot of moving parts, it is much harder to disentangle with 100% accuracy how much was a direct result of the West Coast port slowdown. With that said, here's what we do know. One, across the Pottery Barn brands, we saw the lowest levels of inventory-on-hand growth. And in the Pottery Barn brand, as I just mentioned, we had the negative 9% year-over-year growth of inventory on hand, which has since deteriorated. Second, across the Pottery Barn brands, the underlying health of the business is strong with demand comps more than double the net comps. And third, we incurred incremental shipping costs to get our product, wherever it was sitting, to our customers to try to meet the strong customer demand. We were, however, able to offset this with strong sales in Williams-Sonoma and West Elm that were less impacted by the port during Q4 and with various operational efficiencies and still meet or beat our guidance. And on the year, we drove comp brand revenue growth of 7.1%, which is well above the industry average. We drove operating margin expansion while investing in our future. And we drove 12.7% growth in EPS to $3.20, all in line with our longer-term outlook. 
Matthew Fassler: So just by way of quick follow-up and I promise on the same topic, acknowledging that you guys did everything you said you would do despite this, do you feel like the margins would have been measurably better without the port strike? 
Julie Whalen: They would have been better, for sure, yes. 
Operator: At this time, we'll move to Peter Benedict with Robert W. Baird & Co. 
Peter Benedict: I guess my question is on the store growth -- or the store outlooks that you're giving in West Elm and for Williams-Sonoma. In West Elm, the acceleration to 19 openings, glad to see that. Is that an opportunistic increase? Or something that we think should continue as we look beyond this year? And could it accelerate even further? And similarly on Williams-Sonoma, the closures, net 5 closures the last couple years, this next year, it looks like you're going to be closing 8 net. Is that a new level that we should be thinking about? 
Laura Alber: Thanks for the question, Peter. We've always had a very disciplined approach to retail, but we've also been innovators at retail. Our West Elm stores this year were very carefully chosen, and we were thrilled to see the results higher than we even had expected. When we started putting together our road map for retail openings, we had a long list of areas we should be. And sometimes, the amount of stores that you get in any given year is dependent on landlord availability. We're so lucky to have such strong partners with very, very creative, forward-thinking landlords, and we have 19 wonderful stores opening this year. And beyond that, we do have other stores we're working on. Obviously, this is a particularly large number for this year, and we think it's a huge opportunity to continue to increase the mind -- the awareness of the West Elm brand, which while done so well, so many people still don't know the brand. And when they see a store come to their market, it really improves their perception, then they also buy more online. So that is a great opportunity for us. In terms of Williams-Sonoma, we've been closing in markets where we're -- where we are either too heavy in the market with stores or where there is a better location. So we have closed to open in some areas, and then in other areas, we've decided to let the sales go to a store in the area. But that said, we see also a new era of growth for retail productivity in the Williams-Sonoma brand. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we opened a store at South Coast Plaza, tried a lot of new things that we had carefully really discussed, and we're seeing so many of those things work. And it's not that we'll open a bunch of stores that look like South Coast Plaza necessarily, but there are pieces and parts of that model that we can roll out to a larger amount. And some of it is not fixture and remodel but simply merchandising ideas. So we're very excited about this new era for Williams-Sonoma at retail. And like West Elm, we have some very exciting projects going on this year that you'll see us really push the interactivity at the store level in the brand and also bring new merchandising ideas to the floor. 
Operator: We'll take a question from Daniel Hofkin with William Blair & Company. 
Daniel Hofkin: Just, I guess, putting the port issue to some degree aside and with regard to what you feel like you can control in that part of the business or just merchandising, marketing, et cetera, anything that you would call out in terms of that you feel like executionally you could have done better during the period. And then I guess I had a question about the potential margin benefit from the insourcing. How much do you think that could benefit margins? How much do you think you might reinvest, let's say, in traffic or transaction-driving initiatives, if you will? 
Julie Whalen: Okay. Dan, I'll take the second question, and Laura will take the first question you had. But on the second question on gross margins, I think that is actually one of the exciting moments that we're starting to see. We started to see a little bit in Q3. We definitely saw it in Q4. We did have lower selling margins by 50 basis points, which was technically an improvement over the prior year, which was down 70. But the lower selling margins this time, the pure product margin was essentially flat, which in a very promotional time period we know is pretty tricky to do. And so clearly, it highly demonstrates both. We have carefully planned promotions, but we also were starting to see the benefits from the insourcing of our foreign agents that are helping to offset that. And so as we continue to roll out through the year, we should expect to see those improvements continue to come through. So it's nice to see these investments that we speak to you guys about in the past that we've invested in these things that are starting to come to fruition. 
Laura Alber: And your first question, which is a great one, what could we have done better. We always have a mindset of continuous improvement. And we are in the midst of a major multiyear technology transformation, which is focused largely on our supply chain. We know that our customer wants increased visibility of where their order is, and we also know that there's a great opportunity to regionalize our assortments. We have put together our big, as we call them, rock projects for the year, and all of these help us remove blind spots in the supply chain, if you will. We have many of them focused on reducing costs and improving service through -- whether it's scheduling, routing systems, communications delivery dates. We're focused on long-term inventory optimization as a key strategic initiative as we know how important staying in stock but avoiding getting overstocked is to our business. And we're thrilled we started this project last year, and we're kicking it off now with a lot of great participation throughout the company, similar to what we did with insourcing our Asian operations. So I believe this is one of the biggest things we're going to do over the next couple years. Of course, we're investing in e-commerce. You can always make it more intuitive for the customer to shop. I think actually, Pat, could you comment a little bit on some of the exciting things that we're working on to improve the customer experience? 
Pat Connolly: Sure, sure. Dan, great question. And I think what's exciting to me is really the investments we're continuing to make to enhance the platform and will allow us to continue to grow our revenues while maintaining our high e-commerce profitability and at the same time enriching the customer experience. We're focused on mobile. Our mobile sales were up 100% year-over-year last year, and a big part of that was the improvements we made in the site experience. We're making great strides in site personalization, both in customer recognition and then delivering them personalized content and also improving the postpurchase experience. In marketing, we've made -- and you'll see more of it this year, some strategic decisions to drive customer acquisition across the entire conversion funnel. We're shifting more of our marketing spend toward digital as we're implementing the results of all this marketing effectiveness work that we've talked to you about before and increasing marketing messages. We're really just continuing to strengthen the technology foundation and respond to the ways that customers now want to interact with us and without ever compromising a site experience that really enhances the lifestyle we project with each of our brands. So it's pretty exciting. 
Operator: And now we'll move to Chris Horvers with JPMorgan. 
Christopher Horvers: So I wanted to follow up on a couple prior questions. So is it fair to say that PB given the mixup in Sonoma is, say, 1/3 of revenues and if comps are cut in half, that means you would have an increment of 1 point of comp brand revenue at the enterprise level? And then also, you mentioned selling margins were down 50. Is it also fair to say that, that decline was wholly related to the port issue? 
Julie Whalen: So we don't disclose how the exact breakout is for the quarter from a revenue perspective. But I think I'll reiterate the point that Williams-Sonoma is a significant piece of the operations during the holiday time period. And clearly, having comps -- that demand comps that were more than double that did convert into net had a substantial impact on our top line. Regarding the gross margin, what I -- what the -- the reality is what I was saying is that it's lower selling margins, particularly in e-commerce, that drove that decline. The pure product margin was healthy. The lower selling margins were almost solely due to higher shipping costs, but there's 2 reasons for that. One is because we made a decision as a company to make sure to meet our customer demand and get them their product in time for the holidays. Nothing is more important to us than making sure to keep our customers happy, and so we made the decision as the customer continues to order later and later in the peak to ship things to them in whatever way possible to get it to them in time for the holidays. That's one. The second thing is yes, the West Coast port slowdown where, unfortunately, again, to meet our customers' demand, we had to get product from the East Coast to, in some cases, customers on the West Coast. And so when you're shipping things like furniture, obviously, that's much more expensive. 
Christopher Horvers: And then would you care to break it down between those 2 factors? 
Julie Whalen: We have not disclosed that. 
Operator: Jessica Mace with Nomura Securities has the next question. 
Jessica Schoen: My question is on the 2015 operating margin guidance. And I was wondering if you could help us think about if you put aside the port issue and also the foreign insourcing, which you've already discussed. Can you talk about some of the other moving pieces that should impact the operating margin and specifically what kind of assumptions you have for the promotional and competitive environment? 
Julie Whalen: Okay. So from the operating margin perspective, first, from a guidance perspective, we're really pleased to be able at the high end to once again match our new record operating margin level of 10.5%, and that includes the impact from the West Coast port disruption at the beginning of the year. But it also includes our investments. And some of them, as we mentioned earlier, are in the -- insourcing of our foreign agents are starting to leverage, and others will take longer to do that. For example, as we've said before, some of our global initiatives, particularly in company-owned global where it's going to take about 3 to 5 years to get to scale and start to leverage that infrastructure, is something that keeps the operating margin not expanding as high as we'd like it to at this point. Excluding global, our operating margin expansion is strong with our domestic business. 
Jessica Schoen: And any assumptions on the promotional or competitive environment that go into that outlook? 
Laura Alber: We said all along that we know that it will be promotional. Our goal is always to offer a very competitive price, but more importantly, exclusive, innovative product with a very high-touch service model. 
Julie Whalen: So we don't think there's anything different from last year from that perspective. 
Operator: At this time, we'll move to Seth Sigman with Crdit Suisse. 
Seth Sigman: I wanted to follow up on the 2015 margin question, specifically focused on advertising. You guys have done a great job of improving the efficiency there. Can you just elaborate on what's been changing there, the future opportunity? What do you view as kind of the optimal level for advertising? And in that margin outlook, would you assume further benefits from advertising efficiency? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. So we're constantly evaluating that. I mean, every quarter, that's a decision that we make from an advertising efficiency perspective, whether we do an extra promotion that hits at gross margin or whether we send more emails or send out more catalogs, which hits SG&A. And that's something that's ongoing. It's not something that comes to sort of a bottom, if you will, that we then no longer can have that opportunity to do it. It's always something that we take a look at and make the operational decision on a daily basis as to what the right move is. Obviously, any of that is already factored into the guidance within our operating margin at this time. 
Operator: We'll take a question from Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. 
Simeon Gutman: One quick follow-up on EBIT margin, not to belabor this, and then a strategic question. On operating margin, Julie, you mentioned that even with some of the port issues, you're still able to match the EBIT margin. If we were just -- I guess you said it's hard to disentangle the fourth quarter, but there was probably some drag. And if you remove the first quarter drags, I guess what would have been -- had we not even had any port issues, I guess what would have been the midpoint or so of EBIT margin year-over-year increase embedded in the guidance? And then my follow-up or the strategic question was you mentioned the life cycles in terms of thinking about the customer through different stages of your businesses. Can you shed some light on the profitability of the customer, where that customer is most profitable to you at what stage? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. As far as the operating margin question, we're not disclosing based on our earlier response, the Q4 impact of that. I guess my advice would be to take from the West Coast port impact perspective, for 2015, take the amount that we quantified from the EPS and back it out so you'd be able to calculate what that gross margin on the high end would be excluding that. 
Laura Alber: It's an interesting question which customer is most valuable. I think it depends on what they're doing. We know that our best customers shop multiple brands and, particularly when they're beginning to set up a home or they're moving, you see an initial spike. But you have the cooking enthusiasts that are very specific to cooking or baking, and then -- and they can spend a lot of money frequently and may not shop other brands. So the best customers, if you're asking me that question, are the ones that cross over all brands and all channels. 
Operator: And at this time, we'll take a question from Neely Tamminga with Piper Jaffray. 
Neely Tamminga: Julie, just a point of clarification on this West Coast port situation. So obviously, there's a revenue impact because of how you guys account for revenue, and if you don't have product to ship, then that could be delayed. Are you seeing order cancellations? It sounded like your demand comps are actually quite strong. So you're not actually seeing cancellations. So should we see like a snap back up in revenue in Q2? How should we be thinking about that? 
Julie Whalen: We are. We are seeing -- it's small, but we are seeing some order cancellations. The bigger issue is what is the lost customer demand that we never -- they never actually pushed the button to get it because when they went through the chain, they were able to see that the back order is going to be longer than what they wanted. And/or there's something in the category that they're buying, one item is back ordered, they decided not to buy the whole category. And so we're starting to see some of those. I think from a Q2 perspective, we're not going to be in stock 100% until the end of Q2. And so even if we have back orders that could roll in that are assumed in our guidance for Q1 and they get filled, you've got the new back orders that are created by inventory that's going to come subsequently and get filled. So it's going to take a period of time to really see some of that come through. 
Operator: At this time, we'll go to David Magee with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. 
David Magee: Just a couple of questions about the promotional environment. And I'm just sort of curious, which brand is maybe most impacted there? Is it more of an online phenomenon? Or is it more in the stores? Both? And do you think it's a longer-term issue from a structural headwind now that we have that -- has to be alleviated by some capacity to be taken out at some point in time? Just any thoughts there would be helpful. 
Laura Alber: This is Laura. There's no question all retail is still very promotional. And we have said that we don't believe it's going to change. So we have built some structural savings into our supply chain to offset it that make us more competitive. The first thing, the insourcing of our foreign agents, which is a big deal to us and allows us to both reduce costs but also, where we need to, step up the competitive pricing to gain market share. So it is across all brands. We're also working on in Williams-Sonoma, as you know, the shift from a higher percentage of nonbranded products to the Williams-Sonoma branded products, which because of their vertical design, sourcing are higher margin, de facto. So while there are -- we tend to be very aware of the promotional cadence, we have worked on things to offset it that give us a competitive edge versus others, I think, who may not think it's going to -- who may think is going to change in the short term. 
David Magee: Is it more being caused by online players do you think at this point? 
Laura Alber: No, I think it's widespread. When you walk the malls over Black Friday or the last week, I mean, it's the new norm to see the signs. But where we win is when we give our customers exclusive, innovative product at a great price with great service. That's what we have been focused on. That's what we are focused on. When those things come together then the customer buys from the retail that has the best product at the end of the day, and they want the price to be fair. And that's -- we're lucky to be in the business that we're in. I mean, buying for your home is a considered purchase. It's very important. There's really nowhere to hide on quality. And our customers have some great -- there's some great stats on the economy that I think will allow them to continue to spend more on their homes. It's always been very important to them, but our particular customer base, I think there's some real benefits that are going to happen this year because of the stronger economy. 
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I'll now turn the conference back over to Ms. Alber for any additional or closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: I just want to thank you, all, and we look forward to updating you again next quarter. 
Operator: And again, that does conclude today's conference call. Thank you, all, for your participation.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-19 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Williams-Sonoma Third Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Gabrielle Rabinovitch. Please go ahead. 
Gabrielle Rabinovitch: Thank you, Kevin. Good afternoon. This call should be considered in conjunction with the press release that we issued earlier today. Our earnings press release and this call may contain non-GAAP financial measures that exclude the impact of unusual business events. A reconciliation of any of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and our explanation of why these non-GAAP financial measures may be useful are discussed in our release. This call also contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, trends, guidance, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2014 and beyond, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company's current press releases and SEC filings, including the most recent 10-K and 10-Q, for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call.
 I will now turn the conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer, to discuss our third quarter fiscal 2014 results. 
Laura Alber: Thank you, Gabrielle. Good afternoon, and thank you, all, for joining us today. On the call with me today are Julie Whalen, our Chief Financial Officer; and Pat Connolly, our Chief Strategy and Business Development Officer. 
 We're pleased to be discussing our third quarter with you. Solid performance across our brands allowed us to deliver these results with revenue growth of 8.7%, operating margin expansion and earnings per share growth of 17.2%. These achievements reflect our product leadership, lifestyle merchandising, iconic brands and strong execution. We also believe that this third quarter further demonstrates that our multichannel model, with more than 51% of revenues now coming from the e-commerce channel, represents a distinct competitive advantage. We continue to focus on serving our customers and investing for sustainable long-term growth. 
 This holiday season, we believe we have a strong lineup of beautiful gifts, entertaining and decorating collections across all of our brands. And most importantly, we are ready to provide the best service to our customers with the launch of some new functionality and programs we'll be discussing this afternoon. 
 Since the beginning of the year, we've been preparing our supply chain for the holiday peak season with operations, consolidation projects and material handling improvements in our distribution center. We've worked diligently on upgrading our distribution and delivery networks so that we're able to meet and exceed our customers' expectations. Our supply chain is a competitive differentiator, and we continue to make investments to increase agility and flexibility, allow for greater throughput and reduce delivery time. 
 Our new Dallas distribution center opened in May, allowing us to add capacity and shorten delivery times during peak. The productivity of the Dallas facility has exceeded our expectations. In addition, we are enabling next-day service on all but large cube orders. 
 Sutter Street, our manufacturing division, is also growing to support our customers' demand for handcrafted high-quality made-to-order upholstered furniture. We'll be adding approximately 500 full-time positions for skilled craft people and distribution support personnel in our facilities in the United States. We plan to fill the new positions by early 2015. 
 We believe we have one of the largest personalization capabilities in the country, offering our customers many unique personalization techniques. To meet our increasing demand, we've increased our overall capacity with the addition of a new material handling system. We've also added some great new items to our assortments. We believe a personalized gift at the holidays is one of the best gifts you can give. 
 In addition to investing in our supply chain infrastructure to improve service levels, our technology investments are centered on enhancing the customer experience. We believe these innovations will drive traffic and increase customer engagement and loyalty. The integration of convenient mobile functionality is important, and this fall, we introduced a "where's my order" interface for customers on smartphones. Recently, we also improved our customer order visibility online. And we are extending the functionality of our on-site search and product recommendation feature, optimizing them for gift-giving this holiday season. 
 I'd now like to take a moment to discuss our community engagement this holiday season. Our corporate mission is to enhance our customer's lives at home, and this mission guides not only our business decisions but our giving and community strategy. Our commitment to making a difference comes to life through a number of initiatives that reflect the passion of our associates. 
 And one key holiday effort is on behalf of St. Jude Research Hospital, which is the leading -- is leading the way the world understands, treats and defeats childhood cancer and other life-threatening diseases. 
 Williams-Sonoma Inc. is celebrating its 10-year milestone of participating in the St. Jude Thanksgiving Holiday Campaign. And since 2005, our customers and associates have helped raise more than $26 million to help St. Jude provide cutting-edge treatment and pursue visionary research. This year, all of our brands are participating in the Thanksgiving campaign, offering products especially designed for the St. Jude program. We donate a portion of the purchase price of each of these items directly to St. Jude Children's Research Hospital. And starting this week and running as long as our supplies last, our customers can support St. Jude anywhere they shop. 
 Now I would like to update you on the progress we have made across key initiatives to expand the reach of our brands globally, launch new businesses and grow our existing brands. 
 We believe that the successful execution of these strategies will deliver sustainable profitable growth and increased shareholder value over the long term. I'd like to start with global. 
 We remain optimistic that global expansion will be a significant growth driver. In the third quarter, we made progress on several global expansion initiatives. We now have a franchise agreement with Distribuidora Liverpool, Mexico's leading department store chain, and expect the first stores to open in 2015. 
 Liverpool's market expertise and extensive supply chain will allow us to deliver the same high quality of service that we provide in the United States and around the world. For those of you who aren't familiar with Liverpool, I'd like to provide a brief overview of the business so you can fully appreciate the strategic rationale. 
 Liverpool has been in business since 1847, has 100 department stores across 56 cities and 5 duty-free stores in Mexico. Liverpool's real estate division operates 24 shopping centers and welcomes more than 100 million shoppers every year. And Liverpool is the largest nonbank credit card issuer in Mexico. We're very excited about this development and look forward to providing updates as we hit our milestones. 
 We also opened 4 new company-owned stores in Australia in suburban Sydney in August. And just yesterday, we opened 4 new company-owned stores in Melbourne. We now have 13 stores in Australia and believe that we are developing strong brand awareness that will allow us to scale this business effectively. 
 We're also excited about the newest brands in our portfolio. In Rejuvenation, we are seeing nice momentum. Performance has been driven by the introduction of new categories, an updated aesthetic reflecting a differentiated point of view, and a greater range of price points to bring new customers to the brand. 
 We've already launched more than 3x as many SKUs in 2014 as we did in 2013. Our new collections, in conjunction with refinement to our marketing strategy, have resulted in higher levels of brand engagement. 
 This fall, we're also excited by our new design collaborations that feature handcrafted lighting, ceramics and accessories. Each product combines the designer's aesthetics with Rejuvenation's high-quality industrial look to serve as a perfect gift during the holidays. These artisanal partnerships extend Rejuvenation's commitment to fostering local makers and supporting products made in the United States. 
 In addition to sustaining good growth online, we are seeing strong comp store growth in our 4 locations. As we refine our retail model and produce sustainable results, we believe there may be additional growth opportunities for Rejuvenation, including opening more stores. 
 We're excited to be opening our fifth store next month in Palo Alto, California. The design of this location is a new prototype and as a result, this store's productivity will be another key indicator for Rejuvenation's potential. 
 Mark and Graham recently celebrated its 2-year anniversary. We continue to see strong sales growth, and the brand's exclusive assortment of high-quality, unique gift continues to grow. Mark and Graham incorporates great design, exclusive typography and state-of-the-art technology. It truly represents next-generation personalization. 
 And for the holiday season, we've introduced luxurious and accessible gift ideas across personal accessories and housewares. In addition, a key differentiator is our complimentary gift wrap. This signature gift wrap is beautifully constructed and mirrors the modern sensibility and clean design of the brand. 
 This fall, we also piloted our trunk show program in Mark and Graham, a new marketing channel for us, which is driving incremental sales and building brand awareness. We are excited about the opportunities this brand continues to identify. 
 Now I would like to discuss our larger brands in more detail. I'm going to start with the Williams-Sonoma brand. In the third quarter, comparable brand revenue increased 4.3% on top of 1.4% last year. The Williams-Sonoma brand has now posted 5 conservative quarters of comparable brand revenue growth, and the third quarter brand comp is the highest Q3 comp since 2005. We're pleased with the progress of the Williams-Sonoma brand year-to-date. 
 In the third quarter, we saw solid performance across tools, cutlery, entertaining and tabletop. Proprietary and exclusive product introductions also contributed to the Williams-Sonoma's brand success. 
 The Williams-Sonoma home business also continued to deliver strong results with a broader assortment, and notable performance in furniture and textiles. 
 Also, in the third quarter, we were proud to reopen our original Williams-Sonoma store in Sonoma, California on October 2, which is our Founder, Chuck William's, 99th birthday. This historic store, design center and cooking school at the sight of the original Williams-Sonoma store and our Founder's former residence is a landmark. The store captures the character of the location's earlier era, exhibiting many of the iconic kitchen wares originally sold. The store also celebrates Chuck's spirited discoveries by offering our latest and most popular products. 
 Williams-Sonoma is ready for the fourth quarter with inspiring and unique products and experiences, and the highest level of customer service. 
 To begin with, in the fourth quarter, Williams-Sonoma's proud to be the exclusive bookseller for the Ina Garten Make It Ahead book tour. The author of 8 best-selling cookbooks and host of The Food Network's Barefoot Contessa Back To Basic show, winner of both Emmy and James Beard awards, is celebrating the release of her eagerly anticipated ninth book, Make It Ahead: A Barefoot Contessa Cookbook. We couldn't be more pleased to be hosting these exclusive events with her and offering our customers the chance to purchase a much-coveted signed copy of this cookbook. Copies of the book, Make It Ahead, are also available for purchase in all Williams-Sonoma stores and online at williamssonoma.com. Williams-Sonoma continues to make a great chef partnerships and celebrate their success across the industry. 
 This holiday season, we are offering our customers high quality, innovative products for entertaining and decorating. We're also featuring stunning seasonal gift ideas at great values. We are introducing layers of newness across electrics, cookware and tools, and are most excited about our holiday foods, in particular, our new Williams-Sonoma sweet tins and our expanded peppermint bark collection. We also have broadened our savory offerings to include time-saving seasonings, starters and mixes that make preparing a holiday meal easy. 
 Finally, we believe that a great customer experience will be key to success this holiday season. We've invested in training and online customer order visibility, so this holiday season, we'll reach the highest level of service in the industry. We are thrilled to be offering Williams-Sonoma Express in all Williams-Sonoma stores this holiday, after piloting a successful program last year. Williams-Sonoma Express allows the customer to call ahead to our store. We'll ring it, wrap it and have it ready for you for pick up. This service enables an exceptionally convenient customer experience and will drive customer loyalty. We're so excited to be offering this value-added service. 
 Now I would like to discuss the Pottery Barn brand. In the third quarter, Pottery Barn comparable brand revenues increased 7% on top of 8.4% last year. Performance was driven by strength across our proprietary upholstery collections made in our Sutter Street facilities and unique bedroom furniture collections. Our seasonal tabletop and decorative accessories businesses improved sequentially relative to the second quarter, as our customers responded to our new color palette and in-house design, patterns and prints we featured this fall. 
 This fall, we also launched our curiosities collection with unique and innovative decorative accessories for every room in the house. In the third quarter, we saw our online business, which is the broadest expression of our brand, accelerate by delivering our product expansion strategy across numerous categories, aesthetics and price points. And we continue to perfect and expand our store customer services, including our free interior design and installation services in the comfort of our customer's home, which we believe are a competitive advantage. 
 At the end of the fourth quarter, we are committed to helping our customers get ready for the holidays. Our mission is to help make our customers' houses into their dream homes. From setting the table to stocking the bar to decorating the mantle, we will help our customers get ready for guests, parties and special occasions, and we're particularly excited about our nostalgic and coastal holiday stories. 
 We're also featuring a broader assortment of gifts and gift services, with gifts ranging from cozy robes to glitter, mercury and unique ornaments. We're ready for our customers this holiday season. 
 Our gift concierge program will help our customers find perfect presents for everyone on their list. In their homes and in our stores, our teams will help with every detail to make shopping and decorating for the holidays personal, easy and fun. 
 And this holiday, for the fifth year in a row, Pottery Barn will offer products through our Give A Little campaign that will give back to 24 homeless shelters operating across North America. Our campaign helps provide the critical funding needed to keep those homeless shelters operating on a daily basis. 
 Now I would like to discuss Pottery Barn Kids. For the third quarter, Pottery Barn Kids' comparable brand revenues increased 8.6% on top of 3.9% last year. Our nursery and furniture businesses were especially strong in the third quarter. The nursery has been a key area of strategic growth in kids, and we have expanded our offerings to reach a broader audience through aesthetics, diversification and increased custom upholstery options. Our free interior design services have also fueled the growth of our nursery business as we help expecting and new parents decorate that very special room for the very first time. 
 We had an excellent back-to-school season, featuring printed and personalizable backpacks and waste-free lunch solutions, plus an expanded assortment of desks and accessories for toddlers to school-age kid. Our seasonal businesses continue to be a key area of growth and innovation, starting with Halloween and continuing into our holiday offering in the fourth quarter. This holiday season, our assortment celebrates things kids love. From decorating to gift-giving, we are helping our customers share traditions and celebrations with family and friends. We're bringing this season to life by creating a festive home that delights with beautifully crafted gifts, handmade ornaments and personalized stockings. 
 We're also focused on making the holiday gift-giving season easy with enhanced store services and inspired gift vignettes. 
 In PBteen, comparable brand revenues increased 11.7% on top of last year's 16.7% growth. The PBteen business delivered solid results across furniture, textiles and decorative accessories. Our collaboration strategy for PBteen continues to pay dividends by open doors and attracting new customers to the brand. Our newest collaboration is with the Junk Gypsy, a 2-sister design team from Round Top, Texas, who have a 1-hour show on the Great American Country channel. Junk Gypsy has dedicated an entire episode in their season to collaboration with PBteen. 
 Also, in the third quarter, we are pleased to see significant improvements in our inventory position relative to the supply outage we experienced earlier in the year. This holiday season, PBteen will be offering teens an expanded selection of innovative gifts, as well as new furniture, textiles and decorative accessories, to create the ultimate teen lounge and sleepover space. We have broadened our gift collections across decorative and personal accessories with a focus on beauty, jewelry, fur and sleepover. We're also introducing new lounge and game chair seating. 
 Technology-enabled gifts continued to be an important theme as well. We're featuring gifting options at accessible opening price points, in addition to a selection of "wow" gifts that include pool and foosball tables. 
 We're also excited that we've opened a new store in our backyard, Mill Valley, California, that opened a few weeks ago. And this store is allowing us to refine our retail model in PBteen and accelerate our mission to be local, relevant and social. 
 Finally, this past quarter, across all Pottery Barn brands, including Pottery Barn Kids and PBteen, we launched a strategy to engage not only with our customers in a more relevant way, but also with media and influencers around key seasons such as back-to-school and Halloween. Our goal is to be the destination for decorating, entertaining and gift-giving for all seasonal holidays, and in turn, create a ground swell of social sharing. 
 We focused our efforts in 3 places. First, high-touch events with media, influencers and celebrities; second, product seeding through our influencer program; and third, 2-way social sharing, compelling our customers to further share our content. 
 Next, I'd like to discuss West Elm. We're pleased with our West Elm results, which continue to demonstrate that West Elm has significant growth ahead. We believe our strong performance relates directly to our key differentiating initiatives of choice, community and consciousness. 
 In the third quarter, comparable brand revenue increased by 17.4% on top of 22.2% last year. Growth continued to be broad-based across categories. And in the third quarter, West Elm successfully opened 9 new stores in Oklahoma City; Kansas City; Tulsa; Pittsburgh; Birmingham, Michigan; El Paso; Washington, D.C.; Alpharetta, Georgia; and at Chatswood Chase in Sydney, Australia. Targeted public relations outreach and social activations resulted in more than 100 million media and social impressions around the new stores. 
 In October, the brand launched the best-of-local assortment, bringing some of the most popular products and makers from regionally specific store assortments to a national customer on westelm.com. And yesterday, West Elm announced and celebrated the winner of the West Elm local small business grant, Tennessee-based Little Seed Farm, which makes organic soap and skincare from goat's milk and herbs, and won the public voting with support from the campaign that invited their social fans to vote for goats. West Elm currently offers local assortments in 24 stores, with plans to roll assortments out to all stores next year. 
 This holiday season, West Elm is offering a strong assortment of decor, entertaining and gifts for the home. Much of the brands assortment of trim and decor is handcrafted, including felt and knit ornaments from Nepal. And in tabletop, West Elm introduced a collection of dinnerware and accessories with seed projects that benefit Americans in need. 
 We continue to build on what is working and this can be seen in our popular midcentury collection, which has grown beyond the bedroom to include dining, office and storage. And in late December, West Elm introduced a collaboration with Kate Spade Saturday. Designed to embody the playful easy-going style and spontaneous weekend spirit Kate Spade Saturday is known for, this collection includes furniture, bedding, rugs and home accessories to brighten up every room in the house. And it will be available in all of our U.S. and Canadian stores and supported with cross-channel marketing events and social activations. 
 West Elm is also focused on expanding choices for customers beyond residential homes. The brand recently launched West Elm contract at the Boutique Design New York Tradeshow. West Elm contract is a capsule [ph] collection of contract-grade furniture and accessories, created with hotels, co-working spaces, offices and cafs in mind. 
 The collection includes some of West Elm's most popular designs, reengineered with style, strength and soul for high-traffic use and commercial-grade requirements. 
 And finally, in the consciousness focus area, West Elm celebrated the graduation of the first class of students of the West Elm sponsored literacy program at Caribbean Craft in Haiti. This 6-month program taught basic reading and writing skills to 35 artisans who make West Elm's popular papier-mch products. West Elm is looking into opportunities for additional literacy programs in Haiti and the Philippines. West Elm's commitment to choice community and consciousness continues to differentiate the brand from its competition, and we remain confident in this brand's ability to be a $1 billion-plus business. 
 I would now like to turn the call over to Julie to review our financial results in detail. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon, everyone. We are pleased with the results we are reporting today, with top line revenue growth of 9% and bottom line EPS growth of 17%, including 40 basis points of operating margin expansion. We believe these results demonstrate the power of our multichannel business and our ability to successfully execute against our initiatives. Our performance year-to-date gives us confidence in our ability to deliver sustained long-term growth. 
 In the third quarter, net revenues exceeded our expectations, increasing 8.7% to $1,143,000,000, with comparable brand revenues increasing 8.7% on top of 8.2% in the third quarter of 2013. 
 Net revenues in our e-commerce channel have, once again, generated double-digit growth, growing 14.7% to $587 million, and represented 51.3% of total company net revenues for the quarter. A 260-basis-point increase over last year. 
 And in the retail channel, net revenues grew 3.1% to $556 million. Gross margins for the third quarter was 37.7% versus 38.6% last year. With occupancy costs as a percentage of net revenues flat year-over-year at 13.5% of net revenues or $154 million, the 90-basis-point decrease was primarily driven by lower selling margin in the e-commerce's channel. Selling margins in the retail channel were essentially flat year-over-year and sequentially, total company merchandise margins improved. 
 Our disciplined approach to marketing effectiveness continues to result in productivity gains. We are relentless about acquiring new customers profitably and increasing the lifetime value of our customers. Our strategic levers again provided us with the flexibility to offer more value to our customers and, at the same time, drive operating margin expansion. 
 In the third quarter, we offset our reduced selling margins within gross margin with greater advertising efficiency within SG&A. SG&A in the third quarter improved 120 basis points to 28.6% versus 29.8% in 2013. The improvement in SG&A was primarily driven by advertising efficiency, as well as lower general expenses and the leverage of employment costs. Strong operational execution and financial discipline drove these improvements. 
 This resulted in an operating margin for the third quarter of 2014 that was 9.2%, 40 basis points higher than the operating margin of the third quarter of 2013. Higher revenues in the e-commerce channel, which consistently operates at a much higher margin, drove this operating margin expansion. 
 By channel, the operating margin in the e-commerce channel in the third quarter of 2014 was 23.3% versus 22.9% in the third quarter of 2013. In the retail channel, the operating margin was 9% versus 9.1% in 2013. And in corporate unallocated, operating expenses as a rate represented 7.2% of net revenues versus 7% in net revenues in 2013. 
 In the e-commerce channel, the 40 basis points of operating margin expansion was driven by advertising efficiency and the leverage of both employment costs and general expenses. In the retail channel, the 10 basis points of operating margin deleverage was primarily driven by occupancy and employment cost deleverage related to our global initiatives and 17 new store openings in the quarter. This was partially offset by lower general expenses resulting from strong financial and operational discipline. 
 In corporate unallocated, the 20 basis points of deleverage was primarily related to higher occupancy costs associated with incremental investments in our IT infrastructure to support our strategic long-term growth initiatives. This was also partially offset by lower general expenses from strong expense control. This top line revenue and bottom line operating margin outperformance drove a 17.2% increase in our third quarter 2014 diluted earnings per share, resulting in earnings that were $0.68 per share versus $0.58 per share last year. 
 Moving to the balance sheet. Cash at the end of the quarter was $108 million. Given the seasonality of our business, our cash levels reach their lowest point at this time of the year as we fund our business ahead of the holiday selling season. In addition, year-to-date, we have returned $290 million in cash to our shareholders, consisting of $195 million in share repurchases and $95 million in dividends. 
 Merchandise inventories at the end of the third quarter of 2014 increased 9% to $980 million from $899 million at the end of the third quarter of 2013. Strong inventory execution has resulted in inventory levels that are now back in line with revenue growth. Inventory optimization is strategic. We are always focused on both improving our in-stock position and reducing our overstocks, and we continue to make progress against these initiatives. We believe we are well positioned as we enter this holiday season. 
 I would now like to discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2014 guidance. We expect to deliver another year of record results for our shareholders and remain on track to deliver our 3-year outlook. For the fourth quarter of 2014, we expect to grow net revenues to a range of $1,525,000,000 to $1,575,000,000, with comparable brand revenue growth in the range of 4% to 6%. We expect our fourth quarter operating margin to be relatively in line with last year, and we are guiding diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $1.42 to $1.50. 
 For the full year, as a result of our Q3 outperformance, we are raising our guidance. We now expect to grow net revenues to a range of $4,680,000,000 to $4,730,000,000, with comparable brand revenue growth in the range of 5% to 7%. We expect our operating margin to be in the range of 10.2% to 10.4%. And we are increasing our fiscal year 2014 diluted earnings per share to now be in the range of $3.11 to $3.19. All other financial guidance within the press release remains unchanged from the previous guidance. 
 Our capital allocation guidance also remains unchanged. In order to support our long-term strategic growth initiatives, we are on track to make annual capital investments in the business in the range of $200 million to $220 million this year and we remain committed to returning cash to our shareholders by paying dividends and repurchasing shares under our existing share repurchase authorization. 
 In support of this ongoing commitment, we are also pleased to announce the successful amendment of our unsecured revolving line of credit, which increases the facility to $500 million and extends the maturity date to November 2019. In light of the growth of our business, our efficient use of cash and our long-term commitment, we believe increasing and extending our line of credit today is appropriate. 
 In closing, we are very pleased with our strong results and operational execution. We believe we are well positioned for this holiday season and beyond. With the customer at the center of everything we do, we are confident in our competitive advantages, including our great brands with their innovative products and outstanding service, as well as our multichannel platform, with more than 50% of our business coming from e-commerce. These advantages, plus our many opportunities for growth and our commitment to financial discipline, continue to allow us to remain confident in our ability to deliver sustainable long-term profitable growth. 
 I would now like to open the call for questions. But before that, I would like to wish all of you a very happy holidays and we look forward to helping you and your family shop this holiday season. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Daniel Hofkin with William Blair & Company. 
Daniel Hofkin: Just quick question. First, on the guidance for the fourth quarter. If my math is right, it looks like pretty similar revenue guidance is what was implied before, but maybe a little bit moderated on the EPS side. Just wondering, is that correct? And if so, what are the factors behind that? And then I just have a follow-up question on kind of the Williams-Sonoma brand itself and where you think you are in the 9-inning game, both in terms of merchandising and in terms of kind of upping your service-level game. 
Julie Whalen: Great. I'll take the first part, Dan. We feel great about our Q3 and year-to-date results and obviously the guidance we have now provided for Q4 and fiscal year, which will put us at another record year of revenue and earnings. But it's still early in the quarter and this is one of our biggest quarters, so you have to remember that. And for Q4, another thing to remember is that our guidance is up against a tough year-over-year compare, and yet at the high end of our range for comp brand revenue, we're guiding a 6 comp on top of the 10 last year. And for EPS, we're guiding 9% growth after absorbing all of our investments. And on the year, we are guiding comp brand revenue growth at the high end to be almost 7 on top of 9 last year. And we raised our EPS guidance. So we think this guidance is strong. And really, we are focused on the long-term growth of our company on our way to doubling our revenues over time, and this guidance is consistent with our 3-year outlook. 
Laura Alber: Dan, it's Laura. To your question on Williams-Sonoma. We're very pleased with the performance that the Williams-Sonoma brand has posted year-to-date. A couple of years ago, we outlined a plan for you to reimagine the brand, bringing more proprietary, exclusive and innovative products and making the retail stores more exciting. And we've made a lot of progress across both of those. We've also continued to invest in our online capabilities in the Williams-Sonoma brand, spent a lot of time on the on-site search and reorganizing the site so that it is easily shoppable both on a desktop and also mobile-y, and we're seeing great results from all of that. In terms of innings, we continue to see a lot of opportunity, honestly. We're pleased with what we've seen, but we have a lot more work to do. And we see this as one of the preeminent iconic brands out there. And we believe that it can have a much bigger presence globally then it has today, and that also there's new categories that we can expand into in the future. 
Operator: We'll go next to Chris Horvers with JPMorgan. 
Christopher Horvers: Can you talk about the -- I think there's been a lot of debate out there about the promotional environment. Can you talk about what you're seeing online? And in the mall? And how that's evolving as we head into the holidays? And also, we're getting closer to Thanksgiving, so any thoughts you could share on what you're seeing around the Williams-Sonoma brand would be really great. 
Laura Alber: Sure. There's no question, the holiday season will be even more competitive than last year, but I also believe e-commerce will set new sales records. And with over 50% of our revenue in e-commerce, I believe we have a competitive advantage. Our marketing drives traffic to all of our channels, and our in-store experience and services give our customers the confidence to order online. Another competitive advantage that we have is our innovative proprietary product. And the holidays are the time when a customer wants to give a gift from a great brand, and I believe we are really well positioned with all of our brands this holiday season. 
Christopher Horvers: Okay. So it doesn't sound like you're necessarily worried directionally about how the promotional environment is setting up in November and into Thanksgiving and Christmas? 
Laura Alber: When we say we're going to be competitive this holiday, it's far more than just price. We believe that our in-store and our online services will continue to lead the industry, and our proprietary product line is outstanding. We've also worked all year, and you've heard me say this, to ensure our offers are compelling. And we believe that combination continues to allow us to gain market share. 
Christopher Horvers: Understood. And then just one quick last one. Can you talk about the in-stock levels at Pottery Barn and Pottery Barn Teen and how that improved over the quarter? And how much do you think is still to catch up on? 
Julie Whalen: So we feel really good about our inventory levels. As we said on the call, strong inventory execution resulted in inventory levels that are now back in line with revenue growth. We are focused on inventory optimization, and on both improving our in-stock position as well as reducing our overstocks, and we continue to make progress against these initiatives. We feel very good about the level of inventory. If you're referencing, in particular, Pottery Barn Teen from last time, obviously, we had that outage back in Q2, and we are predominantly back in with that inventory as of this point. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Greg Melich with Evercore ISI. 
Gregory Melich: I wanted to talk a little bit more about the inventory, particularly the gross margin dynamic and customer service. It sounds like we're normal now. How do you guys think about inventory turns or days on hand as a more normal level? Have you made the adjustments for the port slowdown? And when will we start to see the benefit of the inventory changes showing up in gross margin? 
Julie Whalen: Greg, this is Julie. I'll take that. So as I was just saying before, we feel really good about our inventory levels. Obviously, there is always a delicate relationship between service levels and inventory, especially the more that our sales are coming from the e-commerce channel, the more important it is to be in stock. We feel really good that we are back now in line with revenue growth. But we have strong inventory disciplines in place at the company, and we believe we are well positioned as we enter the holiday season with the right level of inventory to support the business and the guidance we are providing today. The bigger concern is obviously if this West Coast port slowdown continues or deteriorates. We do have strategies in place to help mitigate the potential impact. And of course, our teams have been watching the slowdown and planning for it since before the labor contract actually even expired. And although we are 100% confident in our team's ability to navigate this to help minimize its impact on our inventory, we are hopeful that there will be a solution soon, because given the volume of goods that pass through the West Coast ports longer term, this isn't good for anybody. From a margin perspective, and some of our long-term initiatives, the gross margin, you'll start to see some of those benefits as we enter 2015. And some of those benefits, I think, where you're referring to is the insourcing of our foreign agents. That was completed mid of second quarter and all of that gets costed into the inventory and sold through. Starting really in 2015, you'll start to see some benefit there. And then the regionalization of our distribution centers, you'll start to see the full benefit of that as we enter 2015. But with that said, obviously, being competitive from a promotion standpoint is important. And if that's what the customer wants, then the difference between us and other retailers is we're able to offset that with advertising efficiency within SG&A, like we did in this quarter, and still have 40 basis points of operating margin expansion. 
Operator: We'll go next to Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs. 
Matthew Fassler: I want to focus, if I could, on the selling margin in e-commerce. Can you talk about the degree to which that related to merchandising pricing and promotions? And how much of it related to shipping? 
Julie Whalen: Sure. As we said in our prepared remarks that it was -- the decrease in gross margin was primarily driven by lower selling margin in the e-commerce channel and not in the retail channel, it was essentially flat. But we did say that, sequentially, the merchandise margins improved. There's a lot of things that are going on in gross margin, as you guys know. I try to make it as least complicated as possible and probably in the end, make it more complicated. But this quarter, in particular, we incurred some incremental costs to support our increased upholstery volumes, the ramping up of our Dallas distribution center, as well as other costs ahead of the holiday selling season. For example, to support our growing personalization business, all of which put additional pressure on the Q3 selling margins. But bottom line, even though these margins were down year-over-year, we were able to still deliver the 40 basis points of operating margin expansion. 
Matthew Fassler: So it was more some of those one-off factors than any change in the backdrop, shipping or pricing-wise? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. 
Operator: We'll go next to Jessica Mace with Nomura Securities. 
Jessica Schoen: It seems like it's another example of you being able to flex the gross margin and SG&A to deliver operating margin, as you said. And my question is on, kind of going forward, where we can expect to see further SG&A savings, especially in light of some of the investments and ramped-up services that you talked about? 
Julie Whalen: From a SG&A standpoint, I think you've probably seen every quarter that we've been able to leverage year-over-year, and we don't expect that to change anytime soon. Obviously, the biggest factor that allows us to leverage is the advertising efficiency. And so what we consistently say is that every quarter, we make the call whether to spend that next dollar in advertising or to spend it from a promotion standpoint. And unfortunately, they just hit different lines. And so depending on where the promotional activity is and what is happening in the market from a competitive standpoint, you'll continue to see that SG&A leverage. Also, the more that we drive our revenues, which is consistently happening, to the e-commerce channel, you'll see a lot of our costs continue to leverage. I don't expect that to change anytime soon. 
Operator: We'll go next to Neely Tamminga with Piper Jaffray. 
Neely Tamminga: So question here on West Elm, new store growth trajectory, at what point do we start to think about maybe doubling the store growth? I mean admittedly, we get it that the e-commerce sales are very, very important, but obviously store growth also grows e-commerce. And I think if we recall back to the early days of PB, it's right about now when I think PB was starting to maybe open like 2x the amount of doors that West Elm's been opening? So could you help us think through that time line? And just a real quick housekeeping question for you, Julie. E-commerce, the name change, totally agree with the decision. Were there any financial statement reclassifications or organizational changes behind that name? Or was it just simply renaming it on the P&L? 
Laura Alber: Go ahead, Julie. 
Julie Whalen: Okay. So I'll take that last question there. No, you shouldn't read anything more into that. I mean the reality is e-commerce has been over 90% of that channel for a while now. We finally just made the decision to rename it, nothing else has changed. 
Laura Alber: Okay. In terms of West Elm growth, we're really pleased with what we're singing in the new stores. As you heard the list, we've opened in some different types of markets. And all those stores give us confidence in our future plans for West Elm, and we're looking for great stores in great centers that make sense. And we could possibly open more, but we aren't looking to have a race on this because sometimes, you have to wait to get the best real estate. And we also really want to make sure that we really understand the multi-store market dynamic. In every one of our brands, we've worked -- seen and learned different things when we open second and third stores in the market. So we're just hitting that part of the growth cycle now, and we're really optimistic with what we're seeing about the future of this brand, our retail expansion strategy and also our ability to really build the business online. I think you also heard me talk about other legs of growth for West Elm today that we really think are exciting, including the contract furniture. 
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Lasser with UBS. 
Michael Lasser: Are consumers responding to any different types of promotions that you're finding more successful than before? So take a kind of a broad-based point, 25% off versus a more targeted promotion on a select item? And is that driving incremental success? 
Laura Alber: It's interesting. I'd say the thing that I'm really noticing is that people have been ready for Christmas earlier this year. And we've seen really nice response to our gifts already, and I think it's proprietary innovative products first. You want to give a wonderful thoughtful gift to people. It's great if you can get a great price on it. But customers are pretty smart. They shop around. They know where the price sits and it's a very efficient market. So I don't think it's any trick per se, other than high-quality, innovative, proprietary product priced fairly. 
Michael Lasser: And my follow-up question is along those lines. Where do you think is the minimum level of catalog distribution? And how far do you think you are from reaching that point? 
Laura Alber: It's different by brand and we test versions, page count, sizes, it's very complicated and you're always finding new opportunities. We're so lucky to have such a developed house file and a lot of different data points to draw from. It's really, I think, a competitive advantage of ours. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Seth Sigman with Crdit Suisse. 
Seth Sigman: I was wondering if you could give a little bit more color on the international business and specifically, some of the investments you've been making in Australia, how those stores are performing, and when we should expect to see some of the leverage from those investment show up. 
Laura Alber: Sure. It's Laura. We're really early on our journey overseas. I was just in Australia and got to see our beautiful stores, and you'd be so proud about how they're executing over there. And of course, like anything else, you need to build scale. So we're really focused on getting these stores opened well, getting the right services and getting the right inventory in line for our customers over there because there are different selling periods -- selling patterns, I'm sorry, and selling periods that we need to adjust for. We're pleased with the amount of business that's coming online and how when we open a new store, we see the online business also grow in that market. 
Seth Sigman: Okay. And just one quick follow-up on a separate topic. Last quarter, you discussed some fashion issues that may have impacted you. Can you discuss what changed? And whether you feel like you're fully through that at this point? Or is there still a tailwind ahead? 
Laura Alber: I think what you're referring to is in Pottery Barn. I mentioned I thought that the color palette could have been brighter and more fun for the summer season, and fall is a very different time period, so you move quickly out of that. And while the pillows aren't a huge percent of our business, they're sort of the window dressing on all of our sofas. And so we tend to be very self-critical and always looking for merchandising improvements and operational improvements. And as you heard me say, we saw a much stronger response to the fashion textiles this fall. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. 
Simeon Gutman: I have a couple of questions. I'll ask them upfront so I don't get cut off. First, Williams-Sonoma was so strong in terms of growth, I don't think you'll answer, but I'm going to ask. Can you talk to the traffic in the store versus the business online? And then the second question, a follow up on the expense leverage, given how solid it was, it looks like the point per comp or leverage per point in comp, the flow-through was even better than previous quarters. I think you'd agree. So beyond the leverage that you're getting from the comp, it actually looks like something is getting better in either how the costs are controlled, et cetera. And Julie, just to clarify, did you say that fourth quarter EBIT margin should be in line with last year's margin? 
Julie Whalen: Relatively in line, yes. I'll take the SG&A one first. So I think, yes, we are getting better leverage than you probably have seen, but that's a function of several different things. As I mentioned, it's expense control, but it's also the fact that we're very efficient with the advertising. So that will ebb and flow depending on the quarter and what our new operational decisions are by quarter. 
Laura Alber: In terms of retail traffic, we don't have traffic counters in our stores. And we have a big outreach program in each of our stores. We're actually building that to a larger extent right now in Williams-Sonoma. It's something we started in Pottery Barn within home design services, and we see a similar opportunity where we can go to your house and redo your kitchen. And we're just getting going on that. So traffic is, of course, really important to us in the malls, and we are really encouraging the mall owners to really do things to drive traffic. But we're also making traffic happen in our stores with all of our great smells and decorating classes and then, of course, reaching out to our customers and pulling them in and going in to their own homes. In terms of the interplay between e-commerce and our stores, we really believe that when you go have a great experience in one of our stores, you're going to be more confident shopping online. And that's something that people who don't have stores, don't have the same advantage, particularly during the gift-giving time of year, where you want to be sure that you're really buying that thoughtful gift for the people on your list. 
Operator: And our final question today will come from David Magee with SunTrust. 
David Magee: It's David Magee. I just wanted to ask about the comment that you all made earlier about the promotional environment for the holidays, you think it might be more intense than last year. And it just sort of strikes me that, given your customer demographic, [indiscernible] I would think a pretty decent year. I'm surprised that, that would be the case. Is it just sort of a mindset that we have to deal with this as sort of the new, new? Or is there some sort of new competitive dynamic at play? 
Julie Whalen: No, I don't think there's any change. I think this is somewhat sort of the new, new. There's no question, this holiday season will be competitive. We prepare for this all year long. We're ready online and in our stores and every one of our brands. We have an outstanding assortment of gifts, and we're in it to win it and gain market share. And because of our e-commerce scale and our knowledge of our retail customers, we can deliver highly relevant offers digitally or through e-mail that are highly impactful. So we believe we are well positioned for this holiday season to continue to provide our customers what they need for the gift-giving season to outperform our competition and to continue to take market share. We don't believe anything has changed. 
Operator: And at this time, I'd like to turn the conference back over to your presenters for any additional and/or closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: Well, thank you, all, for joining us today and we really appreciate your support. And I want to echo what Julie said, which is thank you for shopping with us this holiday season. We hope to provide you and your family and friends outstanding service. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma Inc. Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Gabrielle Rabinovitch, Vice President of Investor Relations, to discuss non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking statements. Please go ahead. 
Gabrielle Rabinovitch: Thank you, Angela. Good afternoon. This call should be considered in conjunction with the press release that we issued earlier today. Our earnings press release and this call may contain non-GAAP financial measures that exclude the impact of unusual business events. A reconciliation of any of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and our explanation of why these non-GAAP financial measures may be useful are discussed in our release. 
 This call also contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, trends, guidance, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2014 and beyond, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements.
 Please refer to the company's current press releases and SEC filings, including the most recent 10-K and 10-Q, for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect the events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call. 
 I will now turn this conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer, to discuss our second quarter fiscal 2014 results. 
Laura Alber: Thank you, Gabrielle. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. On the call with me today are Julie Whalen, our Chief Financial Officer; and Pat Connolly, our Chief Strategy and Business Development Officer.
 Before we start, I'd like to comment on the executive changes we made last month. As many of you know, we announced several strategic executive promotions as well as the appointment of a Senior Vice President for Global. Collectively, these organizational changes establish a new leadership structure that better positions Williams-Sonoma Inc. for long-term growth. And I am pleased to have Pat with us today in his new role. The changes we have made reflect the strength of our talented and tenured management team and our ability to leverage this talent to continue to grow our business.
 Now I'd like to discuss our results. Our second quarter reflects our ability to continue to deliver revenue and earnings growth, along with operating margin expansion in a more promotional environment. Solid revenue growth in our brands, in conjunction with operational discipline, allowed us to deliver these results while continuing to make significant investments in our growth initiatives. 
 Our priorities are clear for the back half of the year, and we believe we are making important progress on our objectives that will support long-term profitable growth. In the second quarter, we delivered record net revenues of $1,039,000,000, with comp brand revenue growth of 5.7%. We generated $85 million in operating income, resulting in 20 basis points of operating margin expansion and record second quarter diluted earnings per share of $0.53.
 We are pleased that we were able to deliver these results against a more promotional backdrop. Our team's skill in balancing near-term market realities with the commitment to our strategic vision is a defining characteristic of the organization. We believe our multi-brand, multichannel platform, with over 50% of our revenue generated from our direct channel, is a sustainable competitive advantage and will allow us to continue to drive market share gains. We believe our model provides us with the operating flexibility to generate consistent returns. 
 In the second quarter, we also made important progress on our long-term growth initiatives. Our global expansion continues, and tomorrow we'll be opening 4 new company-owned stores in Australia at Chatswood Chase, a premier shopping center in suburban Sydney. A Pottery Barn, a Pottery Barn Kids, Williams-Sonoma and West Elm store will be opening at the same time. The opening of additional stores in Australia is critical to building scale and leveraging our in-country infrastructure in this market.
 In July, our franchise partner in the Philippines opened a Pottery Barn and a Pottery Barn Kids store, our first franchise locations outside of the Middle East. These stores are off to a great start, and we are excited about growing brand awareness in Southeast Asia. 
 Our new businesses are also reaching important milestones. In Mark and Graham, we continue to see the business accelerating. We're most excited about the new customer growth and our growth potential. Given the momentum we have seen in Mark and Graham, we believe we'll be able to drive strong growth in the back half of the year when gift-giving is a high priority for our customers. We continue to attract new customers and grow the brand with new categories. Based on our strong results, we believe Mark and Graham will become a meaningful contributor over time.
 In Rejuvenation, during the second quarter, we had successful new product introductions. This season, we updated our product aesthetic and our marketing. We're also excited to announce that we're opening a new store this quarter in a great location on University Avenue in Palo Alto, California. We believe that Rejuvenation has a unique place in the market and has the opportunity to grow significantly.
 In addition to new business development, supply chain enhancements are an important component of our growth strategy. We believe that speed to market, cost abatement and quality are key to our future. Our teams are diligent and persistent in identifying opportunities to improve our processes and infrastructure. 
 In the second quarter, we completed the successful transition from working with external overseas agents to managing our vendor relationships directly. This transition is an exciting milestone for our business. As we continue to expand globally, we are positioned to deliver the best possible product to our customers, along with outstanding quality and service. 
 We are now managing approximately 95% of our direct import business. By directly managing this critical part of our business, we believe we will gain a greater understanding of all aspects of our supply chain from product design to pricing. We believe we'll be able to respond faster to changing circumstances and gain enhanced supply chain visibility.
 In the second quarter, we also opened our Dallas distribution center and are already ahead of our initial timetable for full [ph] utilization. We also simultaneously launched our Texas upholstery manufacturing operation in the same 4 walls. In the third quarter, our new Dallas DC will in-source and consolidate all third-party delivery hubs in North Texas and Oklahoma into our new and more efficient facility. 
 Home and store deliveries will be made directly from our DC and will reduce delivery times and handling for customers in stores in Texas and Oklahoma. In addition to investing in our supply chain, continued investments in our infrastructure, technology, user experience, customer service and marketing are critical to the success of our multichannel platform. 
 During the second quarter, we launched major enhancements to our on-site search experience, making improvements to the relevance of search results, as well as the search typeahead functionality. We also made site personalization improvements tailored to customer preferences and shopping habits. We launched a West Elm gift registry program with a comprehensive cross-channel experience that includes a mobile registry screening app -- excuse me, scanning app. On the West Elm website, we also introduced new content enhancements that are already driving higher levels of engagement on the site. 
 In addition, in the second quarter, we launched major improvements to the communications we send to our customers after they placed an order. Customers are now receiving communications with delivery estimates for every product in their order as well as a clear presentation of manufacturing, shipping and delivery status. We believe this significantly improves our customer service levels.
 Now let me give you a deep -- more detail on each of our brands. I'd like to begin with the Williams-Sonoma brand. Comp brand revenue increased 3.4% in the second quarter, making this the fourth consecutive quarter of positive comps for the Williams-Sonoma brand. 
 Our proprietary and exclusive product strategy, field leadership, better visuals and cohesive marketing strategies are driving the improved results. In the second quarter, performance was strong in the following categories: cutlery, tabletop, electrics, cookware and food. 
 We are thrilled to see increased new customer accounts in the Williams-Sonoma brand. Open Kitchen, a new proprietary collection of beautiful, affordable, everyday essentials, is just one of the drivers bringing new customers to the brand. Additionally, Williams-Sonoma Home continues to outperform our expectations. We have an aggressive plan for its future.
 Looking forward to the third quarter, we have a strong lineup of exclusive products such as the new TK line by All-Clad, designed by Thomas Keller. It is a mixed materials line that allows home cooks to use the right pans for every technique or dish that they are creating. Under our own Williams-Sonoma brand, early reads on 2 important launches of cooks' tools and cutlery are also strong. Also we feel good about our autumn assortment and Halloween as we help our customers decorate and entertain the fall. 
 While we continue to focus on the future, we are also celebrating the history of the Williams-Sonoma brand. We are honored to be reopening Chuck Williams' original store in Sonoma, California on his 99th birthday this October, and we are excited to be celebrating this important milestone with Chuck. 
 Next, I'd like to discuss the Pottery Barn brand. In the second quarter, Pottery Barn comparable brand revenues grew 4.4% on top of 9.9% in 2013, driven by strong performance in furniture. We had our strongest outdoor furniture season to date, which complements our expanded decorating services for both indoor and outdoor spaces. Also, upholstered furniture exceeded all of our expectations. We will continue to leverage, Sutter Street, our company-owned upholstery manufacturing operations, to serve our customers with great quality, great value and speed.
 Areas that were softer included seasonal decorating, pillows and tabletop. We believe we have a strong lineup for the third quarter, particularly in furniture, fashion textiles, seasonal decorating and gifting for the holidays. We have newness across all key categories, including leather furniture, textiles and decorative accessories. Our fall textile collections are performing well and are highly differentiated in the marketplace. We already have some runaways and are chasing bestsellers. 
 Based on the trends we are seeing, we believe our holiday decorating and gifting season from Halloween to Thanksgiving to Christmas will be successful. We are prepared to offer our customers the best quality, design and price in our category and continue to work diligently on operational improvements that will further differentiate us from the competition.
 Next, Pottery Barn Kids. Pottery Barn Kids delivers inspiring design with the highest levels of quality and safety. In the second quarter, Pottery Barn Kids' comparable brand revenue increased 5.6% on top of 8.2% in 2013. The introduction of new furniture collections was a key contributor to growth in the quarter. 
 In upholstered furniture, an expanded assortment of silhouettes and new fabrics are giving our customers more options and ways to customize their perfect nursery chair or bed. Across our furniture assortment, we have broadened the materials and finishes offered. 
 Our back-to-school collection launched during the quarter with a focus on backpacks, waste-free lunch solutions and an expanded assortment of desks and accessories. We are pleased with initial response we have seen as our customers start planning for the school year ahead. We're also encouraged with early results of our new fall collection, which marks the continued evolution of the brand's aesthetic. As we look forward to the balance of the year, we are confident that our fall and holiday assortments will deliver the innovation and delight that has led to a strong first half.
 Now I'd like to discuss Pottery Barn Teen. Comparable brand revenue decreased 1% on top of 16.3% increase in 2013. Furniture demand remained strong throughout the quarter. However, the brand's net revenues were impacted by increased back orders in furniture due to issues in Vietnam, where a number of our vendor's factories were affected by the dispute over the South China Sea. We are working hard to get back in stock and expect to catch up late in the third quarter. 
 Also in the quarter, versus our expectations, we saw softness in our door and gear business. While both have comped positively, they did not meet our expectations. A highlight of the second quarter was the strong response we have seen to the second collection in which we've collaborated with Emily & Merritt. This assortment continues to exceed our expectations. 
 Early fall results indicate that our Pottery Barn Teen customer is responding to our new textiles featuring a bright transitional palette and artistic detail. Our collaborations continue to bring new customers to PBteen and are an important part of our growth strategy for the brand. 
 In addition to Emily & Merritt, a new Burton collection launched last week, and we're also enthusiastic about our new collaboration with Junk Gypsy, featuring an eclectic assortment of home furnishings, decor and decorative accessories inspired by the funky and fun-loving attitude of Amie and Jolie Sikes of Junk Gypsy. 
 In addition, this fall, we are looking forward to celebrating the holidays with a great lineup of innovative and unique gifts for our teens, supported by a strategic promotional calendar and targeted marketing campaigns.
 Now I'd like to update you on West Elm. West Elm once again posted strong results. Comparable brand revenue increased 16.7% on top of 16.5% last year, with broad-based growth across categories. West Elm continues to focus on 3 key initiatives: choice, community and consciousness. 
 As part of the brand's choice initiative, in the second quarter, West Elm saw success with a new opening price assortment, adding incremental volume across all categories. In addition, a new expanded lighting assortment performed well with customers at retail and DTC. In the second quarter, West Elm also opened one store in New Orleans as well as a temporary pop-up in Water Mill, New York. In the third quarter, the brand is scheduled to open an additional 9 stores.
 To further its community initiatives in August, West Elm expanded its commitment to supporting U.S.-based emerging artists and small businesses by launching the West Elm Local Small Business Grant. The small business grant will award $25,000 and ongoing business support to one winner voted on by the public through an online voting system. And by the end of 2014, we expect that West Elm will offer local product assortments in more stores across the country. 
 In the brand's own backyard, West Elm received significant attention at the end of July, when it was chosen by the current New York City mayor to redesign the official residence of the First Family, Gracie Mansion. This partnership earned West Elm more than 1 billion media impressions and publications from The New York Times to London Telegraph. 
 And finally, West Elm continues to lead with a focus on consciousness. In June, the team was thrilled to host President Clinton at the West Elm office in Brooklyn and announced that it will be the first home retailer in the world to offer Fair Trade Certified rugs, handcrafted in India and available to customers this holiday season. 
 During the visit, he viewed West Elm's work to support artisans around the world and heard directly from artists and vendors the impact that the brand's collaborations are having in Haiti, India, the Philippines, Guatemala, Peru and in the United States. More and more customers want to know that their dollars are making a difference. 
 In this environment, West Elm's commitment to choice, community and consciousness are differentiating the brand from its competition, and we remain confident in this brand's ability to be $1 billion-plus business. 
 In summary, we are pleased with our year-to-date results and believe we are well prepared to execute in the third and fourth quarters. I will now turn the call over to Julie to review our financial results in detail. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon, everyone. We are once again pleased with the results we are reporting today. Despite a more promotional environment, we delivered solid top line growth and improved our operating profitability, while at the same time continuing to invest in our long-term strategic initiatives. 
 For the second quarter, net revenues increased 5.8% to $1,039,000,000, with comparable brand revenues increasing 5.7% on top of 8.4% in the second quarter 2013 or 14.1% on a 2-year basis and in line with our expectations. 
 Net revenues in our direct-to-customer channel grew 9.4% to $523 million. The direct-to-customer channel generated 50.3% of total company net revenues for the quarter, a 170-basis-point increase over last year. And our retail channel revenues increased 2.4% to $517 million. 
 Gross margin for the second quarter was 36.8% versus 37.6% last year. This 80-basis-point decrease was driven by lower selling margins from a highly promotional environment as well as occupancy deleverage primarily related to our global initiatives. Occupancy costs in the second quarter of 2014 were $148 million or 14.3% of net revenues in comparison to $138 million or 14.1% of net revenues in the second quarter of 2013.
 SG&A in the second quarter improved 100 basis points, 28.6% versus 29.6% in 2013, more than offsetting the decline in gross margin. The improvement in SG&A was primarily driven by lower general expenses and continued advertising efficiency. Once again, the flexibility of our operating model, with advertising spend that is substantial due to our sizable direct-to-customer business, allowed us to make operational decisions between selling margins and advertising spend. 
 Each season, we are able to determine our least effective ad spend. And while it may still be profitable, it may not be as effective as a targeted promotion. This quarter and similar to prior quarters, we elected to reduce our least effective ad spend in favor of increased promotions. This had the net result of reducing selling margins within gross margin, which was offset by reduced ad spend within SG&A. 
 As a result, second quarter 2014 operating income grew 9.3% to $85 million, with an operating margin of 8.2%, a 20-basis-point expansion versus the second quarter of 2013. Higher revenues in the direct-to-customer channel, which consistently operates at a much higher margin, drove this operating margin expansion.
 The direct-to-customer segment operating margin was 23.1% versus 24% in the second quarter of 2013. The retail segment operating margin was 7.2% versus 6.9% in the second quarter of 2013. And the corporate unallocated segment was 7% versus 7.2% in the second quarter of 2013. The 90-basis-point decrease in the direct-to-customer segment was driven by lower selling margins and occupancy deleverage, partially offset by advertising efficiency. The occupancy deleverage was primarily driven by our incremental investments from the regionalization of our distribution centers and our global distribution operations.
 The 30 basis points of retail segment operating margin expansion was driven by lower general expenses, partially offset by higher occupancy costs and employment deleverage. The increase in occupancy in the retail segment is primarily related to our global initiatives. 
 The improvement in the corporate unallocated segment was driven by lower general expenses and employment leverage. Our second quarter income tax rate increased from 37.5% in 2013 to 40.5% this year, driven by an unfavorable state income tax matter. As a result, second quarter 2014 diluted earnings per share grew 8.2% to $0.53 from $0.49 last year.
 Overall, we are pleased with our results. We delivered revenue growth, earnings growth and operating margin expansion in a highly competitive environment while absorbing the financial impact our future growth initiatives.
 Moving to the balance sheet. Cash at the end of the quarter was $71 million. Year-to-date, we have returned $176 million to shareholders, consisting of $112 million in share repurchases and $64 million in dividends. 
 Merchandise inventories at the end of the second quarter 2014 increased 21.4% to $895 million from $737 million at the end of the second quarter 2013. Towards the end of the second quarter 2013, we began taking ownership of our inventory earlier in the supply chain. Excluding the impact of this additional year-over-year inventory in transit, second quarter 2014 merchandise inventories increased 17% on a comparable basis. This increase in inventory was predominantly to support our fastest-growing brands and our growth initiatives.
 I would now like to discuss our third quarter and fiscal year 2014 guidance. We expect to deliver another record year for our shareholders and are on track to achieve our 3-year outlook. For the third quarter of 2014, we expect to grow net revenues to a range of $1,100,000,000 to $1,130,000,000, with comparable brand revenue growth in the range of 4% to 6%. We expect our third quarter operating margin to be relatively in line with last year, and we are guiding diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $0.58 to $0.63.
 For the full year, we are reiterating all of our guidance ranges, except for the guidance range associated with our estimated full year income tax rate, which we have raised 30 basis points and now expect will be in the range of 38.3% to 38.8%. 
 We expect to grow net revenues to a range of $4,645,000,000 to $4,725,000,000, with comparable brand revenue growth in the range of 5% to 7%. We expect our operating margin to be in the range of 10.2% to 10.4%, and we expect fiscal 2014 diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $3.07 to $3.17.
 Our guidance considers the competitive landscape as well as the investments we are making to deliver on our strategic long-term objectives. Inclusive of these investments, this fiscal year guidance at the high end of the range assumes revenue growth of 8% and diluted earnings per share growth of 12%, consistent with our 3-year outlook.
 Moving to our capital guidance. There are no changes to our capital allocation plans. We expect to make capital investments in the business in the range of $200 million to $220 million to support our strategic growth initiatives. We also expect to continue to return cash to our shareholders by paying dividends and repurchasing shares under our existing share repurchase authorization. 
 In closing, we delivered another quarter of strong results and were able to make progress on our long-term initiatives. Our competitive advantages, including our iconic brands, our exciting proprietary product pipeline, our multichannel excellence and our opportunities for growth, as well as our commitment to financial discipline, including returning capital to our shareholders, allows us to be confident in our ability to deliver sustainable, long-term profitable growth. 
 I would now like to open the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Daniel Hofkin with William Blair & Company. 
Daniel Hofkin: Just one question and then one quick follow-up, if I may. If you could -- just talking about the competitive promotional environment, it sounds like maybe that got more intense as the quarter progressed. Is that a fair assessment? And is that something that affected the items that you highlighted as a little bit softer? And then the second question is on the gross margin, related to that. Was that something that, compared to your original expectations, came in a little lower or was the trade-off between margin and advertising kind of as you would have expected 3 months ago? 
Laura Alber: Thanks for the question. I think if you go to any mall today or open any email, you see that promotions are persistent, and the -- particularly in the apparel areas. But you also saw a step-up in promotions in our competitive set. And it's something that we've been talking about for a long time. And we feel that we have a competitive advantage because we can use our marketing or our promotions to drive sales, and we can -- and because of our large direct business, we can move that investment from one to the other. We made the decision to be more competitive on price, particularly in our seasonal assortments, to gain market share during the quarter because we know others won't be able to do the same. And it was strategic. And one of the things I think that's really exciting coming out of the quarter is how high our new customer growth is, which really is a great indicator of future results. Julie, do you want to add on the gross margins? 
Julie Whalen: Sure. Regarding the gross margins, Dan, definitely, we see the lower selling margins, and it was particularly in the DTC channel. That was more than we thought. The promotions were deeper than we expected throughout the quarter. But the key message that I want to make sure everyone hears is that the distinct advantage that we have -- Laura just touched on, I touched on in my prepared remarks, but every day in our company, because we're 50% effectively e-commerce and 50% retail, we have a choice we can make, an operational decision. Do we get the sale by having a deeper promotion? Do we get the sale by offering free ship, for example? Those 2 hit gross margin. Do we get the sale by more e-mails, more catalogs, more paid search? That hits SG&A. And that's just the reality of where it hits in the line item. Thankfully, we've got a big enough business with a big enough ad cost bucket to be able to make those decisions, and what we learned is that the customer was reacting better to deeper promotions this quarter. And so we followed that line of action and we have lower gross margins. But on the flip side, we're able to offset it in the SG&A, resulting in operating margin expansion. And we're thrilled about that. 
Operator: And we'll now take our next question from Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs. 
Matthew Fassler: If I could follow up on the promotional question, can you talk about whether it was particularly acute in certain brands? And also just following up on a comment that you made, was it more focused on seasonal goods than on some of the more perennial product: furniture, for example, in a way that would lead you to believe that it would fade just with the changing of the lineup as we move out of summer and into the second half of the year? 
Laura Alber: Good question. The promotional environment I was referring to, I think, is touching every brand in the marketplace, including all of ours. The outdoor categories were most specifically promotional. You saw a lot of people come out of the gate on sale. And also in the kitchen, Williams-Sonoma Kitchen business, the outdoor product was much more promotional than we expected. And it's interesting because while I'm saying all this, we had our best season ever in Pottery Barn outdoor furniture, but the outdoor category is much bigger than just furniture. It includes pillows and towels and entertaining and lanterns and all those areas. And so yes, it was very intense on the seasonal products, but it's also -- it's a reality of the marketplace that we have been talking about for a long time. And our long-term perspective on it is that is why we're so aggressive on driving operational improvements and investing in our supply chain because we still see great opportunity to reduce our costs and efficiencies in those areas, and mostly because those areas are the most important areas that touch the customer. I think at the end of the day, the customer does like a sale, but when you're buying furniture, you want quality. And you want to know that you've got the design you wanted and that you have incredible service. And for me, the service piece is key to why we continue to outperform. We're obsessed with it, both online and offline, and we worked really diligently to create that really high-touch experience in all of our channels. And I mean, not to go on a tangent, but we just got some great information. We use StellaServices that rank our industry, and the goal is really transparency and what the customer sees. And they have a rigorous methodology to test the customer service performance of online businesses. And our ratings are outperforming in our industry. And that's something we're very proud of. And when we give great service, we also reduce our costs. So we're looking forward to seeing all those improvements come to play, but also realizing that we do need to offer and we will compete on price as well as design and quality. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jessica Mace with Nomura Securities. 
Jessica Schoen: I was wondering if you could give a little bit of color on your global expansion and maybe call out any dynamics that the home furnishing category is facing in these geographies. 
Laura Alber: Sure. We're very early in our global journey, and we're excited about the next wave of stores in Australia, so that we can really try some new things and better service our customers by giving them a better in-stock position with the scale of more than one store per brand. We are seeing that in our company-owned global operations, that we're seeing a larger percent of DTC than we initially expected, which is quite interesting and a really good sign for the future. And then we're also having great results with our franchise partner. We selected the best, we believe, partners globally. And we're seeing nice improvements in those businesses and are excited about the new geographies that we're going into. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Peter Benedict with Baird. 
Justin Kleber: It's actually Justin Kleber on for Pete. Just Julie, last quarter, you had mentioned the fact that, I think, the cadence of your guys' investment spending was a bit heavier in 2Q. Looking at your incremental margins were higher in 2Q versus 1Q despite what was a little bit softer revenue growth environment. So I guess 2 questions in one, here. Did the cadence of that investment spend take place as you had anticipated? And then if so, can you discuss any other expense leverage just outside of advertising that you guys were able to pull back on particularly in this quarter to manage the P&L? 
Julie Whalen: Sure. So it did play out as we expected. We've got several initiatives that we're working on for the future long-term growth of our company, and that's what our 3-year outlook and beyond is predicated upon. And one of them is our Dallas distribution center that we opened up in Q2, which is allowing us to further our regionalization of our distribution centers, which provides better customer service and lower freight costs long term. So that's been an incredibly important initiative relative to those costs at Q2 ahead of us fully being able to get the benefit from the regionalization. Also, you have to remember that we have our global investments, and we're opening up 8 company-owned stores in Australia within Q3. And all of that requires costs that are ahead of generating the revenue and the return from it. We have to pay rent even if the landlord calls it free rent. We have to book rent back to the day that we take possession of the location. And so you have rent expense, you've got to hire people ahead of and train them ahead of opening the store, and advertising, et cetera. So there's lots of costs that we incur before we actually open the store, and then it takes a while to get scale. So all of those were contemplated and came out as anticipated. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Neely Tamminga with Piper Jaffray. 
Neely Tamminga: Laura, I was wondering if you could help bridge a little bit of the comments you made earlier around early trends in decor being positive and giving you good positive reads to the back half. With some of the things you're seeing with the promotional landscape, are the businesses that you're seeing that are giving you that indication, is it based on that promotional activity as well? Or is that actually kind of a fuller price activity which gives us some hope that we're not going to continue to see major declines here in the back half? 
Laura Alber: I think I understand your question. Let me just talk to you about the trends that we're seeing. We have really exciting product, I believe, that builds on the sales that we currently have. For example, Williams-Sonoma, we continue to expand our Williams-Sonoma branded products, and we're launching a whole new layer of seasonal food this year. We already have some new very nice reads on some of the recent fall introductions in Williams-Sonoma that obviously will be new for us and provide a lot of sales in the back half. In our home furnishings brand, we have a strong lineup decorating and gift giving. And we're seeing, in our furniture assortments, that the investment in additional sizes is paying off as we offer customers more choice. And aesthetically, particularly in Pottery Barn, we're seeing a strong reaction to our global aesthetic. We think this look is very much on trend. We're excited about the texture and the layers this fall and the expansion of our best-selling bedding collections. In addition, our new leather collections are off to a great start. And in all brands, we are doing more customized offerings and really improving our speed on custom products to our customers. So we believe we have a strong lineup and we are building on the trends that we are seeing today. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Chris Horvers with JPMorgan. 
Christopher Horvers: I was curious on the -- on the PBteen commentary, can you talk about how much that hurt your comp or perhaps how much the customer deposit build year-over-year? And just to sharpen the pencil on the last question, are people coming out on fall seasonal on discounts like they did for spring/summer? 
Julie Whalen: So I'll take the first piece of that, Chris, and Laura will take the second. So from a Pottery Barn Teen perspective, we haven't quantified that, but except to say that it was a significant piece of their comp deceleration. It's a heavy period of time for their furniture business. And the fact that we basically unfortunately have that issue in Vietnam, where literally a factory was burned down and the inventory was no longer available, it caused significant delays. So I would say that it's safe to say those are a significant piece of their comp. From a customer deposits perspective -- I've seen this talked about a few times -- I think it's taken somewhat too literally. Coincidentally, and it has been true that, that number turns out to end up being close to our revenue growth is, but we have to remember that the customer deposits not only include our undelivered goods to our customers at the end of the quarter; it also includes our unredeemed gift cards. So when those get redeemed, who knows? So I think you can't read too much into the correlation between customer deposits and future revenue. 
Laura Alber: Okay. And thanks for clarifying the second part of the question, Chris. We are seeing that people are coming out with broad-based promotion. So for example, they'll say, all drapes 30% off, that will include new and old drapes. The outdoor, though, was even more significantly promotional than anything I've seen. So would I say that the promotional environment has moderated? Not necessarily, but it's not as targeted to one specific category. It's more broad-based, if you will. 
Operator: And we will now go to David Magee with SunTrust. 
David Magee: Just sort of maybe a broader question on the promotional environment online. Is this sort of a structural change that maybe there are more players now that you contend with and maybe they're getting better at what they do over time? 
Laura Alber: I'm going to start at that and then let Pat also respond to this. We are in such a highly fragmented business and nobody owns a large amount. We, at the same time take our competition very seriously, and we're always looking at what others are doing. But I don't believe that, that is a significant -- I don't think that was a significant change in Q2 versus Q1, for example. 
Pat Connolly: And Dave, if I could just follow up for a minute on that. We haven't really seen where the competitive -- the change in individual competitors has impacted us to any extent. We track that very closely. I think what differentiates us really is the fact that we have, first of all, proprietary goods. If you want to buy them, you have to buy them from us. And we have 85% to 90% of what we sell is designed and manufactured under our control, which gives us incredible product selling margin. And I think it's very well -- I think everyone has come to the conclusion that brands are even more important on the web. So I think we are very strong there. And lastly, we have this great data-driven marketing in our DNA. And we're continuing to leverage that, so I think we're very well positioned. I don't see the impact in individual competitors at this point. 
Julie Whalen: And Dave, this is Julie. You're also alluding to the fact that you're seeing that our revenue growth in the DTC channel isn't as strong as we've been seeing. I think there's a couple of things that are important to call out there. Our demand actually in the second quarter was strong and exceeded our net revenues. Our net revenues were impacted by a number of factors, including inventory in transit at the end of the quarter, which created several back order positions, as well as lower customer deliveries from higher sales volume towards the end of the quarter. So that is also impacting it, and quite honestly, I'm sure that's the bigger player at all [ph] than a competitor. 
Operator: And we'll now go to Gary Balter with Crdit Suisse. 
Andrew Kinder: It's Andrew on for Gary. Looking more long term, you mentioned the upfront investments related to the supply chain initiatives and building out your international operations. When should we start to expect those investments to provide a tailwind to expense leverage? Or should we just expect that these investments will be replaced by others over time, particularly on the international side? 
Julie Whalen: No, you should start to see some of that, particularly in 2015, which if you're alluding to the in-sourcing of our foreign agents, we just completed that this quarter, mid-quarter actually. And those reduced costs get factored into the cost of goods that ultimately go to the balance sheet initially, and then when the goods are sold through is when you see in the gross margin on the P&L. So it'll take a little bit of time before you'll start to see that roll through, but we should expect to see some of that in 2015. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Kate McShane with Citi. 
Kate McShane: Could you go a little more into what gave you confidence on meeting guidance, particularly on the margin side? So how should we think about the gross margin cadence for Q3 and Q4? And If Q4 is significantly like a really highly promotional environment, can you maybe tactical in reducing advertising expense in that quarter? 
Julie Whalen: Absolutely, I mean, first of all, we don't guide gross margin and we really focus on the operating margin, which on the year at the high end is at a record level for us at 10.4%. But that, as I specifically mentioned on the call and addressing a question, that is a big deal for us. The fact that we are the size that we are with an e-commerce business, we can absolutely make those decisions. I mean, quite honestly, it might be more effective to send more emails and more catalogs, spend more in SG&A to get the sale versus doing more promotions. We're just going to make that trade-off as we go throughout the back half of the year, but we are probably one of the most well positioned to do that. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Simeon Gutman from Morgan Stanley. 
Simeon Gutman: A couple of questions. The first is can you talk about, on the promotional side, what form they took, whether they were blanket offers versus targeted. And then I guess, taking the comments you made about operating margin expansion, I take it that you were pleased with the return that you got on the promotions this quarter. And then my follow-up, just to squeeze it all in, following up on that question regarding in-sourcing. There's both short term and longer-term benefits. Is it as simple as on the short-term benefit trying to figure out what percentage of goods that are touched by the change you made in Asia and then just eliminating that mark-up to sort of dimensionalize what the benefit to the gross margin would be over time? 
Laura Alber: Why don't you start with that one, Julie? 
Julie Whalen: Okay. So starting with the in-sourcing side of it. So short term, it's definitely just lower cost, right? So we have a third party that we used before. They have a higher cost structure that we paid for a high rate. And so we didn't source it. We can manage that cost, and so it's a lower cost on the cost of goods sold. Longer term, of course, there's much bigger pieces at play that are more strategic. By having our own employees in the factories, managing the product, making sure we are negotiating raw material costs, getting the best cost, getting the right raw material, minimizing damages, making sure the inventory is on time, et cetera. All of that start to play out in a much grander scale you'll see longer term. 
Laura Alber: Okay. And back to the promotions, it's both. So you see people with broad-based promotions, high, low. You see specific clearance, extra off clearance. So I wouldn't say I would categorize it in any one way. It's just you've got to just take a walk in the mall, and you'll see what I'm saying and how that has become a real way that people compete. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer. 
Brian Nagel: So I apologize for bringing up the promotions question again. I know a lot of people have asked it. But I just wanted -- I hear your comments. I guess it shouldn't be as shocking when I know there's been a lot of promotions in your space, and going throughout retail recently. And you made the comment that you look to take -- maintain market share. But I guess, what I'm looking -- I know the future results. And I would have thought if that would be the case, then the Pottery Barn brand comp would be higher even with the more difficult comparisons. So maybe just a comment on that. And then the second -- the follow-up question I have is you think about the guidance, and I know that people have asked about guidance as well, so I apologize here, too, but what type of -- looking at it from a qualitative standpoint, what type of promotional environment are you assuming in the back half of the year? Is it something similar to what we saw in Q2, more or less intense? 
Laura Alber: Yes, good question. So no apologies needed. Pottery Barn had a solid second quarter. Demand was very healthy in the quarter, but results were impacted by a number of factors, including the inventory in transit at the end of the quarter. That put our positions and lower customer deliveries, as Julie said earlier. And we also look at what we can do better for next year, and we see some opportunity with color palette next summer, a little bit more -- we're a little bit too neutral, and we'll have more color in next year's summer collection. The great news is that the response to our fall color palette is strong and the aesthetic -- that global aesthetic that I talked about earlier is also being met with good consumer response. So I hope that explains better the Pottery Barn demand versus net that we talked about for the second quarter. I think also just a caveat, to be careful not to get too obsessed with a single quarter and to look at our results over a broader timetable because there's always variations that you'll find that you just don't want to read too much into on a single quarter. 
Julie Whalen: And I think it's important to remember also when you look at the home furnishings data, that grew 3.2, and our comparable business grew 6. So we're really pleased with our results in the quarter. And from a guidance perspective, yes, we have assumed that, obviously, the more promotional environment continues. But we've also assumed, like we've had in the past been, we're able to cover and continue to get operating margin expansion. So we're well positioned for the back half. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Michael Lasser with UBS Investment. 
Michael Lasser: Do you think that you draw in a different customer when you invest in a promotion versus an advertisement? It seems like part of what your commentary is suggesting that promotion is just going up across the board, so the entire consumer population or most consumers are kind of expecting it. But I'm just wondering if you're drawing in a different -- if a customer responds differently or different types of customers respond to a promotion rather than an advertisement. 
Laura Alber: Sometimes yes. In fact, one of the things we've seen is not just with the promotions but the opening price point products that we've designed specifically to reach new customers are really working. So for example, in Williams-Sonoma Open Kitchen, as we discussed. And then if you look carefully at West Elm, you'll see that we brought in some new opening price points across multiple categories. And that also has brought in new customers. So you're going after a broader customer base, as well as getting more from your current customer base and higher engagement with the current population. And because of our sophisticated modeling and information, we can see exactly where we're growing at and be very targeted about both building sales in the short term but also getting ourselves prepared for the long term and making sure that we always have that new group of customers that come in to each and every brand that will become loyalists. I think often maybe the first time you buy something at a new brand, it's because you like the price or it really catches your eye. But once that brand is in your set of people that you think about when you shop for that category, you more likely go back. And recency is a big driver for future purchases. And so this has been a really interesting thing to see at play and we're very pleased with our customer growth and our engagement with our current customers. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Laura Champine with Canaccord. 
Laura Champine: My question, Julie, is on inventory. So you called out some reasons that inventories were higher, but I'm sure that you're taking ownership soon or in a way that reduces your cost per unit. So do you have what your unit growth was? I know that the dollar growth was 21%. I'm guessing your unit growth was actually higher. 
Julie Whalen: We actually don't provide that. But from an inventory perspective, I think what's important to note is that on a comparable basis, we grew 17%, and that is really to support our fastest-growing brands and our growth initiatives, and a substantial portion of this inventory balance was in transit, so it's going to support future sales. And as you know, there's a delicate relationship between service levels and inventory, especially as more of our revenues are now coming from online. So if you don't have the inventory, you're going to lose the sale. So we're very careful with that balance. But we have strong inventory disciplines across the company, and we aggressively go after the slow movers, while at the same time aggressively chase the bestsellers. And at the end of the day, we believe we have the right level of inventory to support the business and the guidance we are providing. 
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I'll now turn the conference back over to Ms. Alber for any additional or closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: Well, I just want to say thank you for joining us today and thank you for your future support, and talk to you next time. 
Operator: Thank you, and that does conclude our conference call for today. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-21 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Gabrielle Rabinovitch, Vice President of Investor Relations, to discuss non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking statements. Please go ahead. 
Gabrielle Rabinovitch: Thank you, Doris. Good afternoon. This call should be considered in conjunction with the press release that we issued earlier today. Our earnings press release and this call contain non-GAAP financial measures that exclude the impact of unusual business events. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and our explanation of why these non-GAAP financial measures are useful are discussed in our release. 
 This call also contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, trends, guidance, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2014 and beyond and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements.
 Please refer to the company's current press releases and SEC filings, including the most recent 10-K, for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call. 
 I will now turn the conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer, to discuss our first quarter fiscal 2014 results. 
Laura Alber: Thank you, Gabrielle. Welcome, everyone, and thank you for joining us this afternoon. On the call with me today are Julie Whalen, our Chief Financial Officer; and Pat Connolly, our Chief Marketing Officer. 
 I'm excited to discuss with you today our strong performance. In the first quarter, we delivered record net revenues of $974 million, with comparable brand revenue growth of 10% driven by broad-based strength across each of our brands. This resulted in a 17% increase in operating income and a 20% increase in diluted earnings per share. This double-digit revenue increase was accompanied by solid operating profitability. 
 Innovative high-quality products, personalized service, relevant marketing and strong execution across all brands drove these better-than-expected results. With 50% of our revenue in the direct channel this quarter, we believe our multi-brand, multichannel platform is driving consistent market share gains and providing us with a competitive advantage. We are pleased that we are able to deliver these strong earnings against a challenging backdrop. 
 The term "multichannel" has become ubiquitous. We feel that our model is different, and this difference is what is driving our performance. I thought it would be worth discussing these differences as we see them, including the following attributes. First is scale. Our direct business is 50% of total revenue. This gives us significant flexibility and leverage in our marketing spend. 
 Second, we have more than 3 decades of experience in leveraging synergies between the channels. We know that our digital spend drives customers to our stores. We also know that retail is a major source of new customers and that many of them become direct-to-customer as well. 
 Third, we have the catalog, which is an important component of our model. Nothing can match the productivity of an inspiring catalog delivered to the right customer. 
 Fourth, advanced marketing techniques applied to our very large and well-developed profile [ph]. This invaluable asset allows us to market relevantly and efficiently across all 3 channels and across all of our brands. 
 And fifth is lifestyle merchandising. We learned a long time ago that the best way to sell home furnishing is to show them in a home, a home that our customer aspires to live in. We have perfected this technique over decades. 
 Our first quarter results demonstrate how the investments we began making years ago to establish a best-in-class multichannel model are paying off. We are deepening connections with our customers, we are bringing innovation to the market in each of our brands through our product and service offerings, increasing our relevance in every market in which we operate, and we are further distinguishing our brands from the competition. We're also making progress against the initiatives we recently outlined for you in March.
 Our global expansion continues. Customer demand is building in both Australia and the U.K. as brand awareness grows. We are focused on optimizing our inventory positions to reflect local taste and seasonality in these markets, and we are looking forward to expanding the reach of our global business initiatives.
 We continue to make improvements to our websites in Australia, and we are planning to fill out our Australian footprint with 8 new stores this year. We believe this additional scale will drive brand awareness and help us leverage our in-country infrastructure. 
 In the United Kingdom, we'll be expanding our reach. We are looking for additional retail locations for West Elm and plan to launch Pottery Barn and Pottery Barn Kids fully integrated websites later this year. 
 In the Middle East, our business is growing, and we are particularly excited about the strong customer response to West Elm. In addition, our franchise partner in the Philippines anticipates opening a Pottery Barn and a Pottery Barn Kids store this summer, our first franchise locations outside of the Middle East. 
 We're also seeing progress in our new businesses. Mark and Graham is growing quickly and acquiring new customers with an expanded spring assortment and deeper catalog mailing. In Rejuvenation, we recently launched a collection of kitchen LED lighting. Rejuvenation has blended past and present, reproducing classic fixtures, including designs that are more than 100 years old, while using the latest LED technology to maximize energy efficiency. 
 We're also seeing a strong response to Rejuvenation's new bath collection. Approximately 1,000 new SKUs in bath hardware, lighting and furniture have been introduced, and we have seen a pickup in demand across channel. 
 We know that our supply chain is key to superior customer service, and we continue to invest in ours. Our Dallas distribution center went live earlier this month. We will incur some additional expense in this quarter bringing this DC online and implementing the supporting technology. However, in addition to reducing transportation costs over time, we expect the cycle times for home furniture deliveries in the central region as well as nationally to materially improve. 
 And on the e-commerce front, we continue to make investments. We launched enhanced capabilities on our sites relating to search and personalization to improve the user experience. We have also transitioned to rolling out new releases to our site every 4 weeks instead of every 6 weeks. Agile release cycles allow us to continuously deliver improved site functionality and stay ahead. 
 In e-marketing, we have uncovered some breakthrough programs to increase new customer acquisition. We will continue to build on these opportunities that we believe will set us up for the back half. We also will implement several important IT projects this quarter to strengthen our infrastructure and prepare us for peak season. 
 In summary, we're investing in and executing against all of our growth strategies while simultaneously improving our profitability and returning capital to our stockholders. As we look ahead, we are excited by the many opportunities that we see. Our brands are distinctively positioned in the houseware, furniture and home furnishings market.
 I would now like to share a few key development in each of our brands. I'd like to begin with Williams-Sonoma. We're extremely pleased with our comp brand revenue increase of 6% on top of an increase of 1.9% in 2013. Comparable brand strength resulted from innovative product offerings, improved execution, strong cross-channel marketing and improved field training and development. This strong performance was delivered despite the continued promotional marketplace. 
 We believe our strategies around innovative and exclusive product and our focus on delivering the best service are working. In the first quarter, we saw strong performance across key categories, including electrics, cookware and cutlery. We also saw a great response to our Easter collection, and our Williams-Sonoma Home business also exceeded expectations. We believe Williams-Sonoma Home is establishing a unique market position, offering customers a truly differentiated high-quality global chic style. 
 All of these growth categories led to new customer acquisition trends that are very strong, and we believe we have a great product lineup for the second quarter. 
 As we welcome the summer entertaining and cooking season, we are celebrating grilling and outdoor living. We are focused on delivering inspirational summer marketing, coupled with continuing new customer acquisition strategies that we believe position us well for continued growth.
 I would now like to update you on Pottery Barn, our largest brand. In the first quarter, Pottery Barn comparable brand revenues increased 9.7% on top of an increase of 7.6% in 2013. From inspiration to installation, Pottery Barn helps its customers make their dream home a reality. We are passionate about making decorating effortless, accessible and affordable. 
 Performance in the first quarter was driven by our furniture categories, as well as improved in-stock positions. We continue to expand our best-selling furniture collections to include smaller and larger sizes, as well as additional finishes. And our extended range of bath consoles and bath furniture with customizable options is capitalizing on the renovation and remodeling trends in the market. 
 In conjunction with Earth Day, we launched an online eco-shop that gathers environmentally and socially responsible products in one place. Increasingly, we are using organic cotton in our textiles, recycled and reclaimed materials, as well as wood certified by the Forest Stewardship Council. 
 As we enter the second quarter, we are getting ready for summer living and entertaining, and we have expanded our outdoor furniture and entertaining collections. We will also introduce our early fall assortments. We are focused on providing our customers with personalized and relevant experience across all channels. 
 Next, Pottery Barn Kids. In the first quarter, Pottery Barn Kids comparable brand revenues increased 8.1% on top of an increase of 6.9%. Pottery Barn Kids believes that creating personal, inspirational and functional spaces for kids should be easy and fun. The brand brings quality, safety, comfort and style into every family's home. 
 Strength in our furniture, nursery and seasonal businesses contributed to first quarter results. The customer response to our new furniture collections, as well as our core programs, is strong, and we will be launching a robust schedule of new furniture collections throughout the balance of the year. 
 In nursery, our extended offerings, coupled with personalized marketing, are driving this business. In PB Kids, our customers love to celebrate the holidays. And while Easter came later this year, it was a success. And in the first quarter, we also introduced our new beach and outdoor assortment. 
 As we transition to our summer season, we're excited about the new aesthetics we are featuring in our furniture collection, our beautiful new prints and fresh color palette in our textile assortments and the launch of our high-quality back-to-school collection. 
 Moving to PBteen. Comparable brand revenues increased 12% in PBteen in the first quarter on top of an increase of 16.1% in 2013. PBteen brings quality, style and value to teens' bedrooms, study areas and lounge spaces. 
 First quarter strength in furniture and textiles was driven by strong demand and improved in-stock position. PBteen has broadened its appeal by featuring a wider range of influences and designs. PBteen is focused on furnishing the whole room, expanding the depth and breadth of its assortment. Our new blog, Stylehouse, helps teens gather fresh ideas for their space, their style and their life.
 In the coming weeks, we expect to launch our collaboration with Zio Ziegler, an internationally recognized artist known for his oversized murals and bold graphic lines. The Zio Ziegler for PBteen exclusive collection designed by Zio takes the best of his signature style and reimagines it in bedding, wall decor, backpacks and more so teens can bring his larger-than-life street style right to their space. 
 Our new PB Dorm collection, which builds on last year's success, launched earlier this month. In addition, graduate giving is an opportunity this quarter, and we have further developed the gift category. We're also excited by the new collaborations we'll be introducing in the brands throughout the second quarter. 
 Finally, I would like to discuss West Elm. The West Elm brand continues to post outstanding results. Comparable brand revenues increased 18.8% on top of 11.8% last year, a 2-year comp of over 30%. Growth continued to be broad-based across categories, with success in furniture, textiles, decorative accessories and lighting. 
 In the first quarter, we saw strong response to our color palette and to our core and seasonal assortments across all channels. In the second quarter, we're excited to launch our new opening price point assortment. This special collection is designed in a modern, whimsical and youthful style that stands alone or mixes well with the core West Elm assortment, offering our customers high designs at compelling value prices and attracting new customers. 
 While this modern aesthetic can live in any type of home, we've also designed a number of pieces for smaller spaces that will appeal to our urban apartment-dwelling customer. The collection includes a wide array of bedding, rugs and pillows, as well as upholstered and bedroom furniture. This new assortment will be available through our catalog and our website, as well as in select retail stores and will be supported with an impactful marketing campaign. 
 With a focus on consciousness in everything the brand does, West Elm continues to differentiate itself from its competitors through commitments to handcrafted and local products, supply chain transparency and sustainability. West Elm is on plan to exceed its 2013 Clinton Global Initiative Commitment to Action, with more than $35 million invested in handcrafted and artisan products. The brand is now working with more than 30 artisan groups in 16 countries to bring unique products to its customers, including sourcing partnerships in emerging markets such as Central and South America. 
 In an effort to improve the lives of artisans they are doing business with, West Elm recently launched an adult literacy program in Haiti in partnership with The Clinton Foundation. West Elm is also focused on supporting artists, makers and the growing micro entrepreneur economy in the United States through West Elm LOCAL, an initiative that will bring regional assortments to more than half of West Elm stores in 2014. 
 Giving stores a stronger sense of place in connection to their community, West Elm LOCAL strengthens the ties to have artisan build through in-store events and partnership. West Elm will continue to offer choice in our products and services that will help customers express their own individual style and create a home that will connect with their story. We will build community through connection with like-minded strangers, our crafters, collaborators, customers and associates and promote consciousness in everything we do. 
 The successful combination of these 3 factors, we believe, is differentiating West Elm from its competition. And based on West Elm's current growth trend and early acceptance of the brand in global markets, we remain confident in this brand's ability to be $1 billion-plus business. 
 In summary, our strong results this quarter reflect our multiple engines of growth, supported by distinctive products presented across our portfolio of brands, a superior multichannel platform with analytic marketing that captures the synergies and the advantages of each channel and a sophisticated supply chain engineered to address the complexity of our merchandise categories. We are confident in our ability to meet our fiscal 2014 and longer-term growth targets. 
 I will now turn the call over to Julie to review our financial results in detail. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon, everyone. We are very pleased with our strong start to 2014. For the first quarter, net revenues increased 9.7% to $974 million, with comparable brand revenues increasing 10% on top of 7.2% in Q1 2013. 
 All of our brands experienced strong year-over-year growth in comparable brand revenue, with Williams-Sonoma up 6%, Pottery Barn up 9.7%, Pottery Barn Kids up 8.1%, Pottery Barn Teen up 12% and West Elm up 18.8%. Net revenues in our direct-to-customer channel grew 17.2%, including e-commerce growth of almost 20%. 
 Our direct-to-customer channel generated 50.4% of total company net revenues for the quarter, crossing the 50% threshold for the first time in the company's history, a 320-basis-point increase over last year. Our retail channel revenues also increased 3.1% to $483 million, with West Elm and Pottery Barn the most significant contributors to the growth. 
 Gross margin for the first quarter was 37.8% versus 37.6% last year. This 20-basis-point increase resulted primarily from higher selling margins as occupancy costs in the first quarter of 2014 as a rate were essentially flat at 15% of net revenues or $146 million in comparison to 15% of net revenues or $133 million in the first quarter of 2013.
 On a GAAP basis, SG&A in the first quarter improved 30 basis points to 30.2% versus 30.5% in 2013. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding the 40-basis-point impact in 2013, SG&A increased 10 basis points to 30.2% versus 30.1% in 2013, primarily driven by higher employment costs related to the vesting of long-term incentive compensation, partially offset by advertising leverage. 
 GAAP operating income in the first quarter increased 16.5% to $74 million, resulting in an operating margin of 7.6% compared to 7.2% last year. On a non-GAAP basis, last year's operating margin was 7.5%. The improvement in non-GAAP operating margin was driven by a 180-basis-point increase in the direct-to-customer channel operating margin from 22.9% last year to 24.7% this year and was partially offset by a 100-basis-point decrease in the retail channel to 6.3%, as well as an 80-basis-point increase as a percentage of net revenues in corporate and allocated expenses. 
 The improvement in the direct-to-customer channel operating margin was primarily driven by greater advertising leverage and the leverage of employment costs, partially offset by lower selling margins. The decrease in the retail channel operating margins was primarily due to the deleverage of occupancy and employment costs and was partially offset by improved selling margin. This retail operating margin also includes the impact of our investments in our global business. 
 On a non-GAAP basis, corporate and allocated expenses as a percentage of net revenues increased 80 basis points to 7.9%, primarily due to increased employment costs related to the vesting of long-term incentive compensation. As a result, first quarter 2014 GAAP diluted earnings per share grew 20% to $0.48 from $0.40 last year, and on a non-GAAP basis, diluted earnings per share grew 17.1%. 
 Overall, we are very pleased with the strength in the top line and our ability to grow operating income and earnings per share while absorbing the financial impact of our future growth initiatives. 
 Moving to the balance sheet, cash at the end of the quarter was $113 million versus $253 million last year. Over the past year, while generating $443 million in operating cash flow, we returned $374 million to stockholders through share repurchases and dividends, including $86 million in cash to our stockholders this quarter alone through $53 million in share repurchases and $33 million in dividend. 
 Merchandise inventories were $850 million at the end of the first quarter. Excluding the impact of additional inventory in transit due to taking ownership of our inventory earlier in the supply chain, merchandise inventories increased 17.2% on a comparable basis. This increase in inventory was predominantly to support our fastest-growing brands and global growth initiatives. 
 I would now like to discuss our Q2 and fiscal year 2014 guidance. We are confident in our strategy and look forward to delivering another record year for our stockholders. For the second quarter 2014, we expect to grow net revenues to a range of $1,020,000,000 to $1,040,000,000 with comparable brand revenue growth in the range of 4% to 6%. 
 We expect our second quarter operating margin to be in line with last year. We are guiding diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $0.49 to $0.52. Our guidance includes the impact of a number of investments we are making to position us for the back half of the year and for our future growth. 
 For the full year, as a result of our performance in the first quarter and our outlook for the remainder of the year, we are raising our guidance ranges. We now expect to grow net revenues to a range of $4,645,000,000 to $4,725,000,000, with comparable brand revenue growth in the range of 5% to 7%. And we now expect fiscal 2014 diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $3.07 to $3.17. 
 From a cash allocation perspective, there are no changes to our plan. We plan to make capital investments in the range of $200 million to $220 million as we continue to invest in our strategic growth initiatives. We also plan to continue to return capital to our stockholders by paying dividends and repurchasing shares under our existing share repurchase authorization.
 Given the strength of our brands and our superior e-commerce capabilities, combined with our long-term growth initiatives, a commitment of financial discipline and a commitment to returning capital to our stockholders, we remain confident in our ability to deliver sustainable long-term profitable growth. 
 I would now like to open the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to Kate McShane with Citi. 
Kate McShane: Julie, I know you don't give guidance around gross margins, but I can't help but get a little excited about what we saw in Q1. So I was wondering if you could help us understand how you are viewing gross margin for the year. And if you could maybe give a little bit more detail on how the promotional environment shaped up in Q1 and what you expect for the rest of the year. 
Julie Whalen: Sure. We're actually really excited about the gross margins. To your point, it's been a little while since we've seen the gross margins are up, and really the reason is solely due to higher selling margins. As we mentioned, occupancy is essentially flat year-over-year. And so what we're seeing, I think what's important for everyone to hear is that the pure sort of MMU product margin is what is up, and it's across both channels and across many of the brands. So we think that's a really good sign. There's various factors for that, one of which we believe is our supply chain initiatives that we're focused on, we've been talking about it for a while, such as the in-sourcing of our foreign agents and the regionalization of our distribution centers, as well as the manufacturing of our own upholstered goods. All of that is starting to slowly but surely come to fruition within the margins. We think that is a great opportunity to see those margins continue to rise. However, with the continued promotional environment and especially during Q2, for example, with the summer sales and an increase in occupancy costs, including depreciation from our ongoing capital investments in the business, there's going to be continued pressure on the gross margin. But as we always like to tell you guys, we have to remember that with a 50-50 business, 50% e-commerce and 50% retail, that we tend to manage to the operating margin line because we have different levers that we can pull throughout the P&L. But we're really happy with our results on the gross margin line. And then promotional environment, Laura, would you want to take that? 
Laura Alber: Sure, yes. We continue to see that the market is promotional, which is why we're working so hard, as Julie said, to take costs out of our supply chain and to develop inspiring and appealing products for our customer. We think one of the reasons we continue to win is that we have exclusive and innovative products. And we also have aesthetic diversification across all of our brands, which allows our customers to develop their own unique individual style but also gives them confidence to come back. And it's a tremendous advantage because if you think about it, a customer's previous purchase really weighs heavily on their future purchases. And this further isolates us from competitors, we believe, that are using heavier promotions. You're simply not going to buy something for your house that doesn't go with the rest of it just because it's cheaper. 
Operator: And we'll go next to Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs. 
Matthew Fassler: I hate to use my one question on what might be kind of a banal topic, but if you could sort of talk a little bit more, Julie, to the investments that both you and Laura cited, talk about their cadence as they work their way through the year only because from the context of the numbers you just put up and an easier comparison, the guidance for second quarter margins seems a bit on the conservative side. I'm sure you have some drivers there out, so any color would be great. 
Julie Whalen: Sure. We're really excited that we're seeing opportunities, particularly in e-commerce, that we're going to build on. The customer trends are strong and it's driven by our marketing strategies. And through testing over the past few quarters, we've uncovered several breakthrough developments. And so this Q2 earnings guidance reflects the fact that we see opportunities to invest more in the second quarter in these initiatives, which will set us up for the back half. Also in Q2, we're investing in our supply chain, with our new Dallas distribution center, as well as the IT infrastructure to support the supply chain. And we're putting several major IT projects into service in Q2. And of course, we always have our continuing investments in global. I think the disconnect is obviously we didn't guide to Q2. Those have always been our numbers for Q2, and so it's just a delta between what you're seeing. But that has always been an investment in Q2. And the reality is when you look to the year, we actually raised the year and added $0.02 on the year, which is exactly in line with our 3-year outlook. 
Operator: And we'll go next to John Marrin with Jefferies. 
John Marrin: So first, I'd like to hear about how sales trends were for the quarter and maybe a comment on current sales trends, if you can. And also just what you're looking at over the remainder of the year relative to what you were seeing a few months ago. 
Julie Whalen: Yes, we don't provide the cadence of our sales trends throughout the quarter. Obviously, at the end of the day, Q1 was a strong quarter, and we mentioned that Easter was strong for us, and we're only 3 weeks into this quarter so it's really too early to call the card on that. 
John Marrin: Okay. And just this incredible performance of direct, I understand that you instituted some changes there that probably drove performance. I'm just wondering if maybe you could talk about how that looked across the brand portfolio and what the growth outlook is for the rest of the year. 
Pat Connolly: John, I think if you know me, you know that I'd love to get under the hood and tell you exactly what we're doing in terms of these breakthroughs in e-marketing. But clearly, it's very competitive for us. And e-commerce is so foundational to our ongoing success and our ability to harness the information we have and utilize it effectively. It's just core to the way we do business. These capabilities are -- which we are most excited about, relate to our email and our e-marketing programs, and they span a number of areas, including technology, new ways to utilize our data, our processes in the way we manage our programs. And these -- they'll build over time, but remember, we're starting from a base of over $2 billion in e-commerce. That said, we laid out our plan in March and this has been in our plan. We're very excited about what we see coming down the road here. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Chris Horvers with JPMorgan. 
Christopher Horvers: I also wanted to follow up on the 2Q guide. Obviously, a fantastic quarter against a fantastic quarter in the fourth quarter, and really differentiated versus what's going on at so much of retail at this point. So your comparison on the brand comp is not really harder, but your maybe 100 basis points that you're guiding to a pretty sharp deceleration. So I'd love to get your thoughts on that. 
Julie Whalen: Yes, I mean, the reality is we're off to a great start, but it's still early in the year, and one quarter doesn't really give us enough certainty about the trends for the rest of the year. And you have to remember, in particular, with the revenue, we're up against tough compares in Q2 with an 8.4% comp last year. And so -- and obviously, we just mentioned the investments from an earnings perspective. Again, those were in our numbers. So obviously, you guys didn't have visibility to that. But I think with all that said, the fact that we raised guidance on the full year and that is exactly in line with our 3-year outlook, we're feeling very good about this guidance. 
Christopher Horvers: Okay. And then on the -- the inventory growth is also -- going back to, let's say, 4Q '12, it started to pick up. A lot of that seemed to be on the global growth side. But you mentioned, for a couple of the brands, the in-stocks have improved and they've really contributed to sales. So is there a way to think about how much of that inventory growth has contributed to sales or how much of that relates to domestic? And how do you think about inventory growth through the balance of the year? 
Julie Whalen: Sure, yes. We're really excited about the inventory levels, given the fact that it certainly has been one of the main drivers for driving the outperformance that we've seen. Obviously, everything else factors into that as well, you have to have the right product and the right marketing and all of that. But the reality is having an in-stock position has been strategic for us. And I think everyone needs to know that even though the inventory levels seem high, they're in the brands that are fueling our growth. So it's in Pottery Barn, it's in West Elm with a 10 and 19 comp in just this quarter alone. And we do have that additional inventory that you mentioned comping, but the reality is, for global, for example, we're adding 8 new stores this year, so we have to build inventory for those that aren't comparable. So there's a lot of things -- the new businesses, brand extensions -- that are growing. You've got more inventory this year than you had as a base last year, and so it sort of looks skewed from a growth perspective, but all investments in good things. So we think this inventory level is somewhat sustainable for a period of time. We think it's strategic. With that said, we obviously see the opportunity to reduce slow movers. We have very strong disciplines across the company. We're always focused on slow movers and also getting back in stock. So we're aggressively going after the slow movers, while at the same time aggressively going after the bestsellers. As you know, there's a delicate relationship between service levels and the inventory, and all of this inventory is what's supporting our 2014 guidance. So we think it's very strategic. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Gary Balter with Crdit Suisse. 
Andrew Kinder: This is actually Andrew on for Gary. I've got a quick question on Williams-Sonoma. I was just wondering if you could delve into little more details on what's happening at the brand. Is it all internally driven or do you think it's just that you're seeing some more industry tailwinds? And then finally, where do you think the ceiling is on, on this improvement? For example, do you think you could outcomp the core business in the second half against easy compares? 
Laura Alber: Thank you for the question. We've been talking about our strategies in the Williams-Sonoma brand for some time. And we've been working very hard to bring back more exclusive products and also to improve our execution and to have more relevancy to the customers. And we have made some nice progress. We still have a lot more work to do, but we are happy with the consumer response. Clearly, a 6 comp is a strong number. And we have a lot of new product in the pipeline for the second quarter that builds on what we're seeing. I don't know if you've been in lately, but we had a great collaboration with Tacolicious right now. It's really innovative and uses market-fresh sustainable ingredients in every product. And together, we've developed a line of salsas and braising bases that are inspired by world-class restaurants in Mexico City. So it's an example of new product that's something I'm excited about. And we're also seeing that some of our new categories like Open Kitchen are bringing new customers to the brand. And new customer growth is an exciting trend and integral to the long-term health of the brand. And so it really has been another piece of what we're doing is to bring accessible price points back in. And lastly, the work we've done to give our great field teams better tools and training to support these great product launches is paying off. So I guess I'd summarize it by saying the teams have been working very hard to get where we are, and we still have a lot more opportunity ahead of us. 
Operator: And we'll go next to Daniel Hofkin with William Blair & Company. 
Daniel Hofkin: I apologize if this issue was addressed. I just wanted to get a little bit more color on what you feel at the Williams-Sonoma brand itself. What are the main things that are contributing to kind of the firming of trends in that business? Is it more on the merchandise side, or is it highlighting some of the -- what you feel are differentiated services like cooking classes? If you could just shed some additional light on that in particular, I would appreciate it. 
Laura Alber: Daniel, I can't resist. I just answered that question, but I'm happy to do it again because I am so excited about it. We have really been focused on our innovative product pipeline, and we've brought in some key lines that are working well and we're building on them. We are focused on execution at the retail level. And really, we've given our great field teams better tools and better training, which is really helping them to service our customers more effectively than we have before. We have better in-stock position than we had before. And we're really focused on relevant food trends. So we're not just selling the tool but we're selling the whole idea. And if you go into the stores, you'll see us doing more tastings and more events to really provide that education to our customers. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Matt Nemer with Wells Fargo Securities. 
Matt Nemer: I've got a question on the merchandising side. You all have introduced a number of design collaborations with outside brands like Burton and Etsy and others. And I'm just wondering what are the broader aspirations for that in some of the brands that we haven't seen that in yet? Is that something that could expand significantly from here? 
Laura Alber: Yes, thank you. We're always looking for great designs, and there are incredibly talented artists and designers out there, and we love working with them to bring new things to market. And these collaborations have really extended the aesthetic diversification in each brand. And I can't wait for you to see what we've done with Zio Ziegler that's upcoming. I think it's just a great example of what can be done together. And it really also inspires our teams here to see a new way to approach the home product. 
Matt Nemer: If I could just sneak in one more, which is any early thought FedEx going to dim weight shipping, if we see some general shipping inflation, how do you think that could impact your business? 
Julie Whalen: A great deal of our products that we ship would not be impacted as we have a lot of heavyweight products. The reality is UPS have not followed suit with FedEx at this point. We have long-term agreements in place with UPS, so we don't expect this to impact us. 
Operator: And we'll go next to Michael Lasser with UBS Investment Bank. 
Michael Lasser: I have 2 quick ones. Number 1, can you discuss the connection between Williams-Sonoma's performance and the company's overall profitability? It seems like this is the best brand comp from that segment in quite some time and maybe it was coincidental that the overall entity also had its really stellar profitability performance. But it seems like perhaps there's some connection there. And then the second quick question is on the level of in-stocks. Perhaps you can give us some sense of where in-stock levels are now versus where they were a year ago and where do you see that just leveling out over time? 
Laura Alber: Sure, it's Laura. The Williams-Sonoma brand represents about 25% of our total business. Q1 is not a big quarter for Williams-Sonoma, and we're thrilled with the trends we're seeing, but really, it would impact profitability much more in the latter half of the year. As it relates to in-stocks, we haven't given our fill rates, but I will tell you that they're materially higher than they were last year. And not only does that drive better customer satisfaction, it also reduces our cost if we can ship it once versus shipping a back order. Julie, do you want to add anything to what I said about Williams-Sonoma? 
Julie Whalen: No, I mean, other than that, I would say that we did see a lot of -- whether it's Williams-Sonoma or not, the total company outperformance did drop down to the bottom line, if that's where you're headed with that question. Obviously, we had guided from an operating margin perspective to be below last year, and we came in above last year with 17% income growth and 4% above the high end of our guidance from an EPS perspective, and that's while absorbing all of our investments and also some incremental expense in Q1 related to the vesting of some long-term incentive compensation. So we feel really great about how much of the earnings dropped to the bottom. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Peter Benedict with Robert W. Baird. 
Peter Benedict: I have 2 quick questions, unrelated, but I'll sneak them in. First, is Williams-Sonoma Home big enough to have any impact on what you just did in Williams-Sonoma in total, the CBR [ph]? I'm just trying to understand if that brand is starting to show up in the broader numbers. And then secondly, just on the rent and occupancy trends. It looks like they accelerated here in the first quarter. Does that have to do with the Dallas DC? Or is there something else that we should be thinking about as we try to model that out forward? 
Julie Whalen: Sure. Yes, Williams-Sonoma Home is obviously a part of the Williams-Sonoma brand in total, but it does have a piece of obviously the growth on it, but it's still so small that it's not meaningful relative to the total fixed comp that we saw in the Williams-Sonoma brand, so I wouldn't read too much into that. From an occupancy perspective, if there is -- we've got investments that we're making from a capital perspective, and as those continue in the last couple of years, we have sort of stepped-up capital investments, and those layer on top of each other from a depreciation perspective, and that rolls into occupancy. So that's a lot of the reason why you're seeing higher occupancy but you do see it, obviously, of course, due to rent from -- the Dallas distribution center is one key player of that, but it's also all of our store leases and all of that put together. But I would say it's the biggest piece is from the continual investment in our business. 
Laura Alber: I'd like to share one more thing on Williams-Sonoma Home. While it is not material now, we have set some very ambitious goals for ourselves, and we believe that this could be a very large brand in the future. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Matt McGinley with ISI Group. 
Matthew McGinley: My question is on unallocated expense and how that trended in the quarter. Last year, you had a lot of investment in talent, and I think it was some higher employment expense. This year you called out longer-term comp, or long-term comp vesting as being the increase. Is that $12 million step-up you experienced in the quarter the kind of the new run rate? Or is it just kind of a one-off thing, where it would it be that high? And then my second question is on the international revenues or the franchise revenues. What drove that decrease in the revenues? 
Julie Whalen: Okay, sure. It's Julie, I'll take that. From the corporate operating margin perspective, that is something that's relatively unusual. As we said in our prepared remarks that we basically deleveraged 80 basis points and it's primarily due to the vesting of long-term incentive compensation. And really what that is, is that we incurred some additional compensation expense from the vesting of more equity awards from lower employee departures and higher payroll taxes on the compensation amount associated with those equity that's vesting due to higher stock price. So that's sort of -- we had a large 4-year cliff that came in that was granted back in 2010. It hit in this quarter, and so it has a sort of a disproportionate impact, given this is our smallest quarter of the year. So I would not assume that trend going forward at all. From an international franchise perspective, I'm assuming that's what you are alluding to. Basically I wouldn't read much into that, either. Last year the franchise partner somewhat accelerated more of their purchases into Q1, which they had then evened out throughout the rest of the year, so it's more of a year-over-year timing that makes it not comparable for this quarter. We actually have a plan to open 4 more stores with our franchise partner, and our relationship is very strong. 
Operator: And we'll go next to Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer. 
Brian Nagel: So I wanted to ask a question on gross margins as well, and maybe more from a bigger picture philosophical standpoint. But we saw for the first time in a while a positive gross margin. I think in response to one of the questions, you talked about some of the dynamics there. But the question I have is that just given kind of the focus of the company, which has been driving market share, to the extent that now some of the investments you're paying off in helping to drive margins, as you look at the margin going forward, would you be more inclined to reinvest that to drive more market share? Or what we should expect if these investments continue to pay off, margins will actually stay higher? 
Laura Alber: Yes, it's really nice to have the flexibility, as you can imagine, and what we're doing is really working hard to be very efficient. We have a culture of high performance and continuous improvement. And we believe we still have some things we can do to take more costs out of the product life cycle. And that will give us the opportunity if we want to invest more or if the market demands it to be more promotional. So it's hard to predict, but what I want to talk about again is the power of our operating model that allows us to be flexible, which I think is key in this retail environment. 
Operator: And we'll go next to Aram Rubinson with Wolfe Research. 
Carol Krakowski: This is actually Carol in for Aram. You guys just have an enormous amount of data on all of your customers that you've used quite well to extend your brand across customer segments. Have you guys considered any category extensions beyond kind of the furnishing realm? 
Laura Alber: We are very focused on the home and it's our area of expertise. With that said, our Mark and Graham business has introduced us to some new categories. And we have in that business a disproportionate amount of accessories and jewelry. Very well selected under the heading of gifts and monogram personalized gifts. So that has been our first foray into anything other than home, and we're very pleased with the early results and how it complements what we do in the home. 
Operator: And we'll go next to Laura Champine from Canaccord. 
Laura Champine: My question, Julie, is for you. So with the full year guidance not raised as much as you beat by on sales and earnings in Q1, does that indicate a shift in timing of store launches or any shift in your investments internationally? Or is there anything more than just kind of targeting your 3-year plan in that guidance? 
Julie Whalen: No, I wouldn't read anything more into that. It's really that we're just -- it's early in the year, and we had this great Q1. But that doesn't necessarily assume that we're going to have that kind of outperformance every single quarter. So we're going to continue to read our trends and we'll adjust if necessary. But with that said, we did raise $15 million on the top in revenue and $0.02 on the bottom, and that puts us right where we want to be with our 3-year outlook. 
Operator: And from Piper Jaffray, we'll go next to Neely Tamminga. 
Neely Tamminga: I just -- I want to drill on a little bit on West Elm. I appreciate the focus on Williams-Sonoma, but it is potentially going to be $1 billion business over here at West Elm, too. Could you remind me, Laura, in terms of how you're thinking about the $1 billion market? Is it just kind of the U.S., North America, or is that kind of your whole global vision? Do you think you're just kind of still testing the waters globally? And then the other kind of more strategic question I have is it just seems like West Elm can really do no wrong right now. And so the question is, what can't they do? And I'm just wondering at what point do you guys just reevaluate the footprint around what you can offer and explore with in-store especially looking at community? You do a really good job in social media community. Do you expand it into in-store community? 
Laura Alber: Thank you for the question. We have used the $1 billion mark to represent both domestic and global. But there you could make a case that, that's maybe modest at this point, given how large our Pottery Barn brand is and the appeal of West Elm and, in particular, globally. So we are -- trust me, as I said earlier, we have very big plans for this brand, and we are testing so many things and learning from them. We are careful to open the right amount of stores and to keep measuring the ROI of our store investments, and we are also very focused on building our direct business in West Elm that is growing very quickly. We're trying some really -- some new marketing techniques in West Elm that we've learned a lot from and are now rolling to other brands. And we are continuing to push the diversification of product and to work hard to make sure that as we get bigger, it stays very relevant to the customer and that it's different, as you can imagine, from Miami to Denver in how they would expect to see their West Elm. So we're being very careful as we grow to stay very relevant and personalized in our expression. 
Operator: And we have time for one last question. We'll go to Anthony Chukumba with BB&T Capital Markets. 
Anthony Chukumba: So I just -- just a really quick question. I mean, you talked to -- you touched on the franchisees internationally and sort of what drove the revenue decline there, but I guess, I was just wondering if you could give us a little bit of a color. It maybe didn't move the needle...
 [Technical Difficulty] 
Laura Alber: I'm sorry. Did we lose you? 
Julie Whalen: Anthony, we've lost you. I'm sorry, Anthony, we seem to have lost you, so we can't hear you. Bad connection. So we're going to move to one final question from someone else. 
Operator: And currently, there are no questions remaining in the queue. That does conclude the Q&A session for today. Ms. Alber, I'll turn the call back to you. 
Laura Alber: Well, thank you, all, for joining us. We really appreciate your support, and we look forward to talking to you again next quarter. 
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude our conference call for today, and we thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-03-12 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Gabrielle Rabinovitch, Director of Investor Relations, to discuss non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking statements. Please go ahead. 
Gabrielle Rabinovitch: Thank you, Ann. Good afternoon. This call should be considered in conjunction with the press releases that we issued earlier today. Our earnings press release and this call contain non-GAAP financial measures that exclude the impact of unusual business events. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and our explanation of why these non-GAAP financial measures are useful are discussed in our release. 
 This call also contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, trends, guidance, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2014 and beyond, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements.
 Please refer to the company's current press releases and SEC filings, including the most recent 10-Q for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call. 
 I will now turn the conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer, to discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal 2013 results and our outlook for fiscal 2014. 
Laura Alber: Thanks, Gabrielle. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today are Julie Whalen, our Chief Financial Officer; and Pat Connolly, our Chief Marketing Officer. 
 I am proud to announce Williams-Sonoma, Inc.'s results this afternoon. Williams-Sonoma, Inc. outperformed [indiscernible] this holiday season, gaining market share and demonstrating the structural advantage of our multibrand, multichannel business. Comparable brand revenues grew 10.4% and EPS reached $1.38 for the fourth quarter. 
 Strength in our brands across the retail and direct channels with notable growth in our e-commerce business, in conjunction with disciplined execution, allowed our team to drive record operating results. We achieved these results against the backdrop of a shortened and challenging holiday shopping season. 
 Our fourth quarter completed a year of strong performance for Williams-Sonoma, Inc., with record revenue of $4,388,000,000, record non-GAAP operating income of $455 million and record non-GAAP EPS of $2.84. 
 At the beginning of last year, I outlined 4 key areas of focus. These priorities were to strengthen our brands, lay the foundation for global expansion and new business development, to invest in our supply chain to reduce costs and improve service and to invest in the technologies and infrastructure underlying all these initiatives. In 2013, we executed well against these 4 areas of our strategic plan. Our investments resulted in profitable growth and increased market leadership. We've kept our focus on our customers, the products and services that we offer and the way that we interact with our customers across multiple channels. As such, we have created a differentiated and highly relevant experience. 
 Highlights of our 2013 achievements include: first, the growth in our brands. Comparable brand revenue growth across our businesses in 2013 was 8.8%, on top of 6.1% growth in 2012. Our exclusive products, great design, lifestyle positioning and accessible price points are allowing us to lead the market. We love the entertaining, cooking, home furnishings and the furniture businesses. Our powerful brands offering exclusive products with high-touch services make decorating and entertaining easy, fun and affordable. We're investing in store and online to provide the best experiences in retail for our customers. 
 Second, our global expansion in new business development. In addition to a multichannel mindset and an organizational culture geared to multichannel success, we are, at our core, entrepreneurs. Our global expansion and domestic new business opportunities are important growth vehicles. Our global vision is to serve our customers with the same high-service, multichannel model that has differentiated us in the United States. 
 In 2013, we reached a significant milestone by setting up the global infrastructure for our geographic expansion. In 2013, we entered Australia and United Kingdom, with company-owned retail stores and fully enabled e-commerce and distribution. We finished the year with 6 company-owned retail stores, 5 in Australia and 1 in London; and we look forward to opening an additional 8 retail locations in Australia in 2014 and continuing to build our e-commerce business. 
 We also expanded our business in the Middle East with our franchise partner and secured a new franchise partner in the Philippines. In 2013, the global investments we made included capital expenditures to build out our stores, new store systems capable of handling international currencies and payment sites and our new fully integrated e-commerce platform that will allow us to have native sites in all the countries in which we will operate stores. These are both capital and expense-related investments that we are incurring ahead of the revenues that they will generate. 
 The work we did in 2013 is laying the foundation for future growth. We are committed to a disciplined approach to global expansion and believe it represents a sizable opportunity for the long term. 
 Our new businesses continue to develop, and we are bringing new customers to our brands. Mark and Graham completed its first full year of business in 2013. We have continued to grow the offering, introducing new categories and selling great, high-quality gifts. Ranging from the whimsical to the sublime, our bestsellers are across multiple categories. 
 In Rejuvenation, there's a general store of functional and beautiful goods for home improvement projects. In 2014, you will see continued expansion of Rejuvenation's product assortment and increased relevancy of its offerings.
 Third, the further regionalization of our domestic supply chain. In 2013, we in-sourced furniture delivery hubs in 3 geographies, and we further regionalized our retail fulfillment capabilities. We also expanded our U.S. upholstered furniture manufacturing operations, our personalization capabilities, and we made progress in taking over our agent sourcing relations. By the end of this year, we expect to be directly sourcing almost all of our foreign purchases.
 And fourth, we invest in the technology to support our multichannel business. This fourth area is something I'd like to spend a little more time on today. Our technology investments are fundamental to support our top line momentum and create shareholder value for the long term. 
 The power of our brands, in conjunction with our multichannel excellence, provides us with a competitive advantage. In 2013, Williams-Sonoma, Inc.'s e-commerce revenue was $1,950,000,000, with a 3-year compounded annual growth rate approaching 18%. And overall, in 2013, our direct channel represented 48% of net revenues. 
 Consumers have embraced the convenience and flexibility of shopping online, and the investments we have made in our brands and our user interface and our fulfillment infrastructure have enabled us to be one of the few retailers in our category to benefit from this shift online.  Offering relevant differentiated products and inspiring [indiscernible] experience, as well as developing a community, is as important online as it is in the store. 
 Across channels, we are focused on innovative, personalized, highly relevant shopping. Technology is redefining the customer experience and retailing has evolved and increasingly, customers interact across channels. The investments we are making are allowing us to provide the best level of services to our customers.
 As we look to 2014 and beyond, we are confident in the future of our company. All of our strategies are designed with a single-minded focus on our customers. We offer innovative, exclusive products, a high-touch service model that helps our customers at every step of the process, multichannel excellence and an efficient, vertically integrated supply chain. We believe that our proven execution and financial discipline will allow us to deliver sustainable returns and increase stockholder value. 
 Now I'd like to spend a few moments discussing our brands. I'll begin with Williams-Sonoma. At about this time last year, we announced the appointment of Janet Hayes as President of the Williams-Sonoma brand. We are proud of the progress her team has made in such a short time and are excited about the opportunities ahead of us in 2014. 
 In the Williams-Sonoma brand for fiscal year 2013, comparable brand revenues increased 1.5%. For the fourth quarter, comparable brand revenues increased 2.3%. The Williams-Sonoma brand executed its holiday strategy in an intensely competitive and promotional market. Top-performing categories this holiday season included cutlery, bakeware and cookware. Our inspiring, well-designed, relevant gift offerings and home entertaining ideas made us top of mind from Thanksgiving through Christmas. Everything from our exclusive branded pizza maker to our proprietary holiday foods fueled seasonal sales.
 The innovative products and newness we introduced in January, supported by refreshed floor sets and a wellness-focused early spring catalog, were also highlights of the fourth quarter. Inspired by the hard-working kitchens of real chefs, we designed a line of affordable, beautiful everyday essentials. Our open kitchen lineup with more than 100 new SKUs features hard-working tableware, functional tools and durable cookware. Open Kitchen is accessible and relevant, and early results show that it's driving new customers to the brand.
 Excellence in retail execution also contributed to a successful holiday for the Williams-Sonoma brand. Inspirational visual merchandising and a fresh approach to our store experience, coupled with a better prepared and passionate field team, drove meaningful improvement. 
 Our online and catalog marketing drives retail traffic, as well as direct sales, and we saw continued strength in our direct channel as we provided a high-touch, open online store front 24 hours a day during the compressed holiday season to complement our in-store offering. We are pleased with our progress in the Williams-Sonoma brand during holiday 2013 and the learnings that we are taking into 2014.
 Another key area of growth for the Williams-Sonoma brand in 2013 was the Williams-Sonoma Home Collection. In 2013, we introduced our new assortment of high-quality home furnishings and furniture and presented these products in an easy-to-shop, high-quality catalog format and an expansive assortment online. 
 Williams-Sonoma Home offers our customers exciting, beautiful stylish and differentiated aesthetics, and the catalog showed 3 distinct collections each season last year. The results of the first year of this new strategy exceeded our expectations, and we are building our product line, as well as the marketing to support it. We believe Williams-Sonoma Home represents a meaningful opportunity for the company, and we expect to expand this strategy significantly.
 Next I'd like to discuss Pottery Barn. 2013 was a very successful year for Pottery Barn, as we executed against our strategy to be the leading specialty home furnishings retailer in the world. Key to the strategy is our accessible approach to decorating and our capabilities in product design and lifestyle merchandising. 
 Across all channels, our mission is to make decorating easy and fun. Our in-home service offerings are a competitive advantage. In Pottery Barn for fiscal year 2013, comparable brand revenues increased 10.4% on top of an increase of 8.5% for fiscal 2012 and 7.6% for fiscal 2011 for a 3-year stacked comp of more than 26%. 
 For the fourth quarter, comparable brand revenues increased 14.6%. The themes for Pottery Barn in the fourth quarter were decorating, entertaining and gift-giving. Key merchandise categories that drove our success were dining furniture, lighting, holiday decorating and gifting collections. This season, our customers came to us to decorate their homes and to make gift purchases. Our design and gift concierge services, both at home and in-store, made celebrating the holidays easier.
 In 2014, we are excited to build on our momentum and the trends we saw in 2013. We're expanding our categories and our gift assortments. Refreshing and redecorating continues to be key priorities for our customer; and in 2014, we will take our in-home services to the next level. 
 We believe that the Pottery Barn design point of view and value proposition has broad appeal and that there is significant runway for growth ahead of us. We plan to broaden our assortment, offer greater aesthetic variation to our customers and make the process of buying furniture and home furnishings easier.
 In the Pottery Barn Kids brand, comparable brand revenues increased 7.8% in 2013; and for the fourth quarter, comparable brand revenues increased 11.2%, following an increase of 7.7% in the fourth quarter of 2012. Fourth quarter strength was driven by our seasonal and gifting businesses, as well as our furniture offerings. 
 In addition, in Q4, our expanded nursery collections, again, exceeded our expectations. For 2014, we're focused on delivering inspirational home furnishings and gifts for our Pottery Barn Kids customers. And as we look towards 2014, we see opportunity to grow the Pottery Barn Kids brand, most specifically in our core business from home furnishings to furniture. We'll continue to introduce new collections that are high quality and extremely well priced. We also believe we have a unique ability to create a differentiated customer service experience by offering our customers quicker and more consistent delivery on furniture. We'll build the product line, concentrating on core categories of great quality, great design and great prices. 
 In the PBteen brand, comparable brand revenues increased 14.1% in 2013; and for the fourth quarter, comparable brand revenues increased 9.6%, following an increase of 6.4% in the fourth quarter of 2012. Our holiday season in PBteen was fueled by gifts. Our big seasonal best exceeded our expectations, and our textiles and furniture collections also delivered solid performance throughout the fourth quarter. We're excited about the product lineup in 2014 for teen; and we will continue to offer high-quality, trend-right products that are exclusive. 
 Over the past several years, we've learned how to effectively use collaboration to drive traffic and sales, and we have several new and impactful collaborations planned for 2014. Finally, we'll be extending our gifting programs to carry the momentum we felt coming out of holiday throughout the rest of the year. 
 Finally, I would like to discuss West Elm. West Elm had a record year, with comp brand revenue growth of 17.4% on top of an increase of 17.4% for fiscal 2012 and 30.3% for fiscal 2011, for a 3-year stacked comp of more than 65%. 
 West Elm exceeded the $0.5 billion milestone with $531 million of revenue in fiscal 2013. In the fourth quarter, comp brand revenues increased 18.3%, following an increase of 19.1% in the fourth quarter of 2012. West Elm continues its fleet expansion at retail. In 2013, we opened 10 net new stores, with 3 openings occurring in the fourth quarter. We are particularly pleased that our new stores are performing to our expectations and are driving new customers across channels. Growth in the brand was broad-based across categories, including furniture, textiles, decorative accessories and lighting. We continue to be confident in West Elm's ability to be a $1 billion-plus brand. With a strong multichannel strategy that includes catalog stores, online and the emerging social channel, West Elm is poised for continued growth in 2014 and beyond.
 In 2014, West Elm has plans to open 12 new stores in 7 new markets. The brand remains focused on creating a personalized and differentiated experience with 3 key priorities: choice, community and consciousness. Choice refers to the continued growth and evolution of West Elm's product assortment and menu of services. 
 From an aesthetic perspective, we are seeing key trends in a mid-century, industrial and decorator looks; and we're achieving growth in all categories of business. Handcrafted products and limited edition collections created in collaboration with independent artists continues to be a key differentiator among competitors. In 2014, we'll continue to expand our assortment, particularly in lighting, furniture and textiles. 
 West Elm's commitment to community remains a priority as the brand continues to create engaging and brand-enriching experiences with classes, events and partnerships that bridge beyond an offline world. 
 Moving into 2014, West Elm is focused on working with partners of scale, continuing its successful partnership with Etsy and executing additional collaborations and partnerships as well. 
 As a leader in social media, West Elm met major milestones for the social community in Q4 and is now one of the leading home furnishings brands in the space. More importantly, West Elm fans and followers are engaged with the brand, driving constant sharing, brand participation and sales via the social channels. Pinterest, in particular, continues to be the #1 organic traffic driver to the West Elm website; and Instagram photos from the West Elm community are now featured throughout the West Elm catalogs and on westelm.com. 
 In 2014, West Elm will continue fulfilling its commitment to the conscious retail. Working with artists and groups around the world, West Elm is sourcing handcrafted products that differentiate the brand from other home furnishings retailers, particularly in their value market. In 2014, the brand will actively seek out additional ways to support and grow artists and businesses through projects, such as adult literacy workshops and improved supply chain management. 
 In January, West Elm successfully introduced its first entirely handcrafted collaboration with New York-based fashion designer Steven Alan. The collaboration was featured in publications, including The Wall Street Journal, ELLE DECOR and New York Magazine. And in 2014, West Elm will make strides towards Clinton Global Initiative Commitment to Action. 
 As we look forward to 2014 and beyond, West Elm has an exciting future ahead. Our strategy remains to profitably grow the brand and attract a broad base of customers by offering choice in our products and services that will help customers express their own individual style and create a home that will connect with their story. We'll build communities through connections with like-minded strangers, our crafters, collaborators, customers and associates and consciousness in everything we do from handcrafted and local products to supply chain transparency and sustainability. The successful combination of these 3 factors is differentiating West Elm from its competition, and we remain confident in this brand's ability to be a $1 billion-plus business. 
 In summary, we're proud of the results we achieved in 2013 in all of our brands and across our business initiatives. We are so fortunate to have a portfolio of brands that provide significant opportunities for growth and market share gains. We remain committed to customer service as our #1 priority, and we believe that there continues to be room for improvement. 
 We believe we have an opportunity to further demystify the decorating experience and help a larger group of customers achieve the home of their dreams. From cooking to entertaining to furnishings, we combine our passion for the businesses that we are in with a focus on execution, disciplined decision-making and state-of-the-art data analytics. 
 We are finding increasingly relevant ways to market and serve customers both domestically and around the world, and we are very excited about the opportunity for the future. No one loves these categories more than we do, but we are not just category lovers, we're supply chain experts and we are marketing maniacs. We apply data-driven analytics to drive relevance across all channels, and we are extremely disciplined. 
 We accomplished what we said we're going to accomplish and achieved our objectives: growing sales, delivering operating margin expansion, growing earnings per share and returning excessive cash to stockholders. We have made progress against our long-term strategic growth initiatives across our portfolio of brands, both domestically and globally, and we continue to prioritize the areas in which we are investing to maximize returns and enhance our competitive positioning. 
 Foundational to all of this, we have built one of the strongest teams in retail, and I would like to take a moment to congratulate our entire team for another successful year and extend my sincere thanks to all of our customers and stockholders for their continued support. 
 And with that, I will turn the call over to Julie to review our financial results in detail. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon, everyone. Our results in Q4 and fiscal 2013 exceeded our expectations and reinforced the strength of our multibrand, multichannel model. Before I walk you through the results in more detail, let me remind you that 2013 was a 52-week year as compared to 2012, which was a 53-week year. The financial impact in 2013 of the loss of the 53rd week was approximately $70 million of revenues and $0.07 of diluted earnings per share. All revenue and earnings per share growth will be discussed, excluding this impact from the loss of the 53rd week.
 For the fourth quarter, net revenues grew to $1,466,000,000 or a year-over-year increase of 10%, with comparable brand revenues increasing 10.4%. Net revenues in our direct-to-customer channel, of which approximately 92% came from e-commerce, grew 19% to $706 million or 48% of total company net revenues compared to 45% last year, a 300-basis-point increase. 
 Net revenues in our retail channel grew 2.7% to $760 million. Total company operating margin for the fourth quarter was 14.8%. The 20-basis-point decline off a record operating margin last year was due to our continued investment in our global operations and the loss of the 53rd week. 
 The operating margin in the direct-to-customer channel increased 180 basis points to a record 24.7%, primarily driven by advertising leverage and lower general expenses. The retail channel operating margin decreased 170 basis points to 17.2%, primarily driven by occupancy deleverage from the loss of the 53rd week and the impact from our investments in global expansion, as well as lower selling margins and employment deleverage, including investments in our global initiatives. 
 Corporate and allocated expenses increased 30 basis points to 6% of net revenues, primarily driven by higher employment costs and the deleverage from the loss of the 53rd week.
 Gross margin for the quarter was 40.6% versus 41.3% last year. The 70-basis-point decline in gross margin resulted from lower selling margins and occupancy deleverage, primarily from the loss of the 53rd week and the investments in our global expansion. 
 Occupancy costs were $149 million in the fourth quarter of 2013 versus $137 million in the fourth quarter of 2012. SG&A decreased to 25.8% of revenues from 26.3% in the fourth quarter of 2012. This 50-basis-point improvement was primarily related to reduction in other general expenses, including a reduction in year-over-year asset impairments, as well as greater advertising efficiency, partially offset by higher employment costs, including the increased investments in our global expansion. These results drove diluted earnings per share growth of 8.7% to $1.38 in the fourth quarter.
 For the fiscal year, net revenues increased to $4,388,000,000 or 10.5%, with comparable brand revenues increasing 8.8%. By channel, net revenues in our direct-to-customer channel grew 15.6% to $2,115,000,000 or 48% of total company net revenues compared to 46% last year, a 200-basis-point increase. 
 Net revenues in our retail channel grew 6.2% to $2,273,000,000. Fiscal 2013 non-GAAP operating income increased 9% to $455 million. This resulted in a non-GAAP operating margin of 10.4%, a 10-basis-point expansion versus last year despite the financial impact from our continued investment in our global operations and the loss of the 53rd week. 
 130-basis-point improvement in the direct-to-customer channel operating margins to 23.7% was partially offset by 110-basis-point decrease in the retail channel operating margin to 11% and a 10-basis-point increase in corporate and allocated expenses. The 130-basis-point improvement in the direct-to-customer channel operating margin was predominantly driven by advertising efficiencies. 
 The 110-basis-point decrease in the retail channel operating margin was primarily driven by lower selling margins and occupancy deleverage, primarily from the capital investments in our business, the investments in our company-owned global expansion and the loss of the 53rd week in 2012. This was partially offset by the leverage of employment costs and lower general expenses. 
 The 10-basis-point increase in corporate and allocated expenses was primarily driven by higher employment costs and the deleverage from the loss of the 53rd week. Gross margin for the year was 38.8% versus 39.4% last year. Gross margin was primarily driven by lower selling margins. Fiscal 2013 occupancy costs were $562 million versus $517 million in 2012. 
 Non-GAAP SG&A decreased 60 basis points to 28.5% of net revenues from 29.1% in 2012. This 60-basis-point improvement was primarily related to greater advertising efficiency. In fiscal 2013, advertising expenses were $326 million or 7.4% of net revenues versus advertising expenses of $318 million or 7.9% of net revenues in 2012, a 50-basis-point reduction. This, once again, demonstrates the flexibility of our operating model as we use multiple levers, such as advertising efficiency, to drive revenue and operating profit growth.
 Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share for the fiscal year were $2.84, a 13.1% year-over-year increase. Overall, we are very pleased with both the strength in the top line, as well as our ability to drive operating margin expansion and growth in earnings per share, while absorbing the impact of our future growth investments and the loss of the 53rd week. 
 Moving to the balance sheet. Cash at the end of the year was $330 million versus $425 million last year. Cash provided by operating activities was $454 million, an increase of $90 million over last year. This cash flow allowed us to invest in the business by funding approximately $194 million in capital expenditures and to return more than $350 million to stockholders in the form of share repurchases of $239 million and dividends of $112 million. 
 We ended the year with $813 million in inventory. Excluding the impact of the additional inventory in transit due to taking ownership earlier in the supply chain in 2013 versus 2012, merchandise inventories increased by $108 million or 16.9% on a comparable basis. This inventory growth was predominantly in our strongest growing brands, Pottery Barn and West Elm, as well as to support our growth opportunities and was planned at this level to put us in a strong in-stock inventory position as we enter 2014. Additionally, accounts payable increased by $146 million in 2013 versus 2012 due to higher inventory levels, as well as the overall timing of payments. 
 Now I would like to discuss our guidance for Q1 and fiscal year 2014. We expect 2014 to be another year of record revenues and earnings, while at the same time investing in our future growth. For the first quarter of 2014, we expect to grow net revenues to a range of $920 million to $940 million, with comparable brand revenue growth in a range of 4% to 6%. 
 Also in Q1, given the financial impact on the quarter of our capital investments in 2013, our continued investments in our global expansion, as well as the investments in our supply chain infrastructure, including the opening of our new Dallas distribution center in the first half of 2014, we expect that our operating margin will be slightly below last year's operating margin rate and diluted earnings per share will be in the range of $0.41 to $0.44 per share. 
 On the year, we expect to grow net revenues to a range of $4.63 billion to $4.71 billion, with comparable brand revenue growth in the range of 5% to 7%. Operating margin is expected to be in the range of 10.2% to 10.4%, and diluted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $3.05 to $3.15 per share. 
 We are also reiterating our 3-year outlook for revenue and EPS growth that we discussed last March, with revenue projected to grow in the mid- to high-single digits and EPS projected to grow in the low double-digits to mid-teens. 
 From a capital perspective, we are maintaining a balanced capital allocation strategy, investing in the business and returning cash to our stockholders through share repurchases and dividends. We believe this will provide the best returns for our stockholders over time. 
 As such, we expect our 2014 capital investments in the business to be in the range of $200 million to $220 million. In addition to our required annual investments in our retail fleet and IT infrastructure, we will be investing in our global expansion, constructing new stores predominantly in West Elm and the Pottery Barn brands, supporting our supply chain initiatives and further developing our e-commerce platform. 
 Last year, we announced a $750 million share repurchase program. We are now in the second year of this program with $511 million remaining. We expect to repurchase shares throughout this coming year. 
 In addition, today, we announced a $0.02 or 6% increase in our quarterly dividend of $0.33 per share. On a 2-year basis, this represents an increase of over 94%. This is the ninth dividend increase we have had since the inception of our dividend program in 2006, further demonstrating our commitment to returning excess cash to stockholders. 
 We believe that our track record of disciplined capital allocation, together with our EPS growth of 46% over the past 3 years, demonstrates our ability to deliver returns to our stockholders. With the strength of our brands, our long-term growth initiatives and a culture of financial discipline, we remain committed to continuing this performance. 
 I would now like to open up the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Daniel Hofkin from William Blair. 
Daniel Hofkin: Just a couple of questions maybe about the flow of the quarter. December, let's say, versus January, and what you're seeing so far in the beginning of this year, just from a business flow, weather standpoint, if you will. And then just a clarification on your 3-year plan, are you rolling that forward? Or are you saying that inclusive of what you did this past year, as well as what you're expecting for 2014, kind of the 3-year EPS growth that you're targeting? 
Laura Alber: Thanks, Daniel. This is Laura. So on the Christmas season, the holiday season, it feels like a long time ago already. We're already actually working on holiday '14. But we had a strong holiday performance from the beginning of Black Friday, Cyber Monday, started off strong, gave us insight to what our customers are most focused on and carried through our January. Our brands, all of them in January, are bringing in a new product; and they have been well received by our customers. With that said, the weather is certainly real. I simply don't like talking about the weather because we're in retail, and weather is a variable each season. But it did -- it was worse than it was last year. In February, we did have an unusual amount of our stores closed at more than 7x the number of closures this year as last year. So it affects particularly the bricks-and-mortar channel. We're fortunate to have a developed e-commerce channel. And at this point, we don't expect a lasting impact because the weather usually evens out but it certainly is real. As we look at the whole year, we see a lot of opportunities regardless of weather, and we are building on the successes we saw last Christmas and also the areas where we know we can make improvements. And I'm going to give Julie -- why don't you answer the question on EPS? 
Julie Whalen: Sure. As far as the 3-year outlook, yes, that's reiterated what we already said for the existing 3 years. It's not rolling it out an additional year. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Matthew Fassler from Goldman Sachs. 
Matthew Fassler: My primary question relates to the comments you made on social as it relates to West Elm. I know that this is a business that reaches out to a somewhat-younger demographic perhaps than your other channels, and perhaps that's why of focusing on it more for social. But can you talk about just how commercial social is for you? Because if so, it's -- you're one of the first to really speak about it as a meaningful driver. And also then talk about what kind of potential you might see for the other brands to capitalize on that channel as a revenue generator. 
Pat Connolly: Matt, this is Pat. I'll comment on that. Thanks for the question. I think West Elm has really built social into the fabric of the brand from the very beginning, and they've won a lot of awards, particularly in their Pinterest category. I think they were awarded 1 of the top 10 sites on Pinterest. But all of the brands really are active there. In fact, Pottery Barn was the first brand ever to meet with Pinterest. We met with them when they were in a tiny garage in Palo Alto and had been working with them on beta projects from the very beginning. And it's a great source of referral traffic, and it helps to expose the brand. And then we know that those people will come back when they're thinking of buying. So the initial conversion may not be as high as, say, a paid search firm because the customer is really coming to the site to discover the brand, and then they come back later when they're in the market. But it's a very important part of what we do, and we have a real working council among all the social media heads of the brands. They get together every month and we share best practices. So we're advancing social across all of our brands. 
Matthew Fassler: And is it accretive financially as you work on this in a way that it can be scaled profitably? 
Pat Connolly: We believe it will be, yes. 
Operator: We'll go next to Matt McGinley from ISI Group. 
Matthew McGinley: The first question is on the supply chain and the additional inventory that you took on. Does that normalize as you cycle through the course of the year? You had a big spike in the third quarter. Or do you continue to take on more categories throughout the course of the year? How should I think about that from a free cash flow and a gross margin standpoint? Does that inventory investment ultimately translate that to higher or helping gross margin? 
Julie Whalen: Yes, so there's a couple of things going on there. First, we have -- if they're looking at the balance sheet, there's sort of an artificial step-up because beginning, I think it was Q2 of last year, we started recording inventory earlier in the ownership process to the supply chain. We started consolidating all of our inventory purchases with our Singapore entity for our global procurement, so that than gets sold to third-party entities and to our internal entities around the world. And as a result of that, that's just the timing change. We're taking ownership of that inventory earlier. So when we hit Q2 of this year, that will be anniversaried. As far as the level of inventory that we have on the books outside of that on a comparable basis, we believe that our inventory levels are strategic. They obviously helped drive our Q4 results, and they position us well for entering into 2014. I think you saw that we had a step-up in Q3 and look at our Q4 results. So the biggest drivers of the inventory increase are primarily in our brands fueling our growth, which is Pottery Barn and West Elm, with 15% and 18% comps in the fourth quarter alone. And we also have additional inventory this year that we didn't have last year to support our global expansion and new brands. And across our core brands, the inventory increases really in our top-selling programs. Our inventory trend, it has grown substantially and therefore, it's driving part of this increase. But it's going to help to improve in-stock levels for our future sales. So we think it's very strategic, and any sort of extra inventory that there's a concern about is already anticipated within our guidance for our gross margin. 
Matthew McGinley: And my second question here is on the margin progression you had over the course of this year. You had a very good year in terms of margin expansion in DTC, driven by all the improvements that you talked about in the business. And then it was somewhat challenging in retail based on the promotion international rollout. And then, I guess, cycling that 53rd week, would you expect 2014 to have such a profound bifurcation in the margin trends based on higher expense? Or does that margin gap between the 2 segments narrow in 2014? 
Julie Whalen: We don't really provide that kind of guidance by channel, but we do know that the retail channel does drive sales to our direct channel. So depending on where the customer is shopping in a particular time, you're going to see fluctuation in our retail operating margin. And then as you mentioned, there's significant impact to retail operating margin from the upfront costs associated with our global expansion, which will continue into 2014. With that said, we're always after making that retail profitability stronger. So we have long-term plans to improve that. Retail profitability is a complex issue, and the retail channel is integral to our strategy. So there's several things we're looking at. It's very, very important to our e-commerce traffic and building brand equity and, obviously, gets customers the confidence to shop online. So some of the factors that are working in our favor are our exclusive product design, of course; our cost advantages from the in-sourcing of our foreign agents; and our regionalized supply chain. That ensures quick fulfillment to our customers and retail stores while mitigating freight costs. On the flip side, what's working against us is a persistent promotional environment in retail and a high demand for desirable class A mall space and, of course, the fact that we believe in paying our associates for their performance. So we do believe that, over time, we can maintain our operating profitably in our retail channel to keep our stores great. They're really important to us. 
Operator: We'll go next to Gary Balter with Crdit Suisse. 
Gary Balter: The one -- if they were -- they were all good, the divisions, but the one that was surprising was the Williams-Sonoma. And you talked, Laura, a little bit about kind of some of the steps you've taken. Could you go into a bit more detail about how that's turning around so well and kind of bit of your outlook for 2014? 
Laura Alber: Sure. It was a successful holiday season, perhaps the most successful we've had in 5 years. We know that our strategy to bring in more exclusive products and improve our retail execution and to refine our marketing model is working and that we can build on it. And also importantly, we know now that our results are really a function of our execution in the things we do. It doesn't mean we can ignore the competition. There's a lot of it from the biggest online retailer, flash-sale entrant, traditional department stores and the like. We know that if we execute our strategies well, we're going to grow; and we have a lot of exclusive products coming through the pipeline across categories. It's very competitive, so I'm sorry not to share all those exciting things to come with you. So it's both product, but also execution at every level, and especially in our retail stores. I think the last thing I said -- or I'll say about is that we've had much more cohesive marketing, and that makes a big difference. We took the approach of testing and rolling ideas, and we know that not every test -- we knew that not every test would work, but we have had many of them work and we're building on those areas and we're moving forward in a disciplined way and analyzing our results as we progress. And it's an exciting time for the Williams-Sonoma brand. The team is motivated and empowered, and we are really excited about the future and believe that we are going to see gradual and sustained growth over time. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brad Thomas from KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Bradley Thomas: Wanted to just follow up about operating margin in general. I know as part of the 3-year plan that you outlined last year, that as you move further back into the plan, that there would be an opportunity to generate some leverage and some margin expansion. I know in the first half of this year, there will be some unique investments. But how are you thinking about margins as we move through this year and as we look out to even 2015? 
Julie Whalen: Okay, sure. So we've guided our operating margin for the year at the high end to be in line with last year's new record operating margin, and it represents record operating income for our business. Can it be higher? Sure, over time. Right now, we are continuing to invest in the business. It's important to remember that we do plan to drive continued long-term profitable growth by investing in our business both domestically and globally. So we're maintaining significant earnings growth, while investing for the future to fulfill our vision to double the size of our revenues. There's absolutely no structural reason why we can't raise our operating margin as we did in 2013, but we're invested in our business and future growth and we are focused on operating margin dollars, which is going to be growth that's gradual and incremental over time. We're always focused on expanding our operating margin when possible and this will occur, which is factored within our 3-year outlook. 
Operator: We'll go next to Aram Rubinson from Wolfe Research. 
Aram Rubinson: I've got 2, if you can answer them both; if not, one. Amazon is making a change to their Prime membership, whether it'd be taking prices up by some amount that we don't yet know. For a company that's historically gotten, let's say, maybe some flak for charging for shipping as much as you do, do you think that relieves a lot of the pressure or shifts kind of the marketing message that you'll be offering? And the second question has to do around customer metrics. For a lot of companies that are in e-commerce, they talk about new customer growth, cost to acquire a lifetime value. I was wondering if there's any way you could subjectively just give us a range around some of those measures. 
Laura Alber: Sure. We watch what everyone does. Our mantra on shipping is that it needs to be easy to understand and competitive but also that you can't ignore the difference in our business shipping large-scale furniture into people's homes versus shipping apparel. And we have never believed that free shipping was a good idea in furniture, in particular, because when 2 people come to deliver that sofa to your door, you know that it's not free. And also the customer is very smart in that they will add up the price of the product plus the shipping and compare it to someone who may embed the shipping into the price. And so we look at total price offers, and I think people have to grow into a profit model. A lot of the online players are going to find that ship -- shipping free -- free shipping on large items is a very difficult business model, so it doesn't surprise me. And at the same time, we're very different from Amazon in that we're offering exclusive products in our brands and across all of them, including Williams-Sonoma. We're continuing to differentiate ourselves further from commoditized product that is offered elsewhere, and that's probably the best antidote to this issue of people undercutting prices. I'm going to let Pat answer the customer metric question. 
Pat Connolly: Sure. Thanks, Laura. Aram, great question. I think new customers are absolutely essential to any business, and so we're constantly acquiring new customers. We acquire new customers at a profit. And I think as you point out, some analysts are beginning to write about how e-commerce pure-plays are getting away with reporting rapid growth with little or no earnings. And we actually believe that, ultimately, the greatest stockholder value will come -- will accrue to those companies that can demonstrate both growth and a high rate of earnings. And we started 6 e-commerce businesses here, and all of our e-commerce websites have been profitable within a matter of months while growing rapidly. So we believe you can grow and be profitable at the same time. And as far as -- we're one of the few retailers that actually breaks out and shows their e-commerce operating contribution on their financial statements. So we can do both, we believe. 
Operator: We have time for one last question from Joe Feldman with Telsey Advisory Group. 
Joseph Feldman: Wanted to ask about the store plans. I know it's more focused on West Elm and you mentioned Pottery Barn, too. But how are you thinking about it in light of the strong e-commerce sales? Because my understanding was also that you -- because of the strong e-commerce, maybe you wouldn't need as many stores as once thought years ago. And maybe just if you could talk about the balance between the 2. 
Laura Alber: Sure. We believe our stores are billboards for our brands and that they are the face of our brands and that the great service and in-store -- the in-store experience really supports our e-commerce sales and makes our customer confident in ordering from us because they've been to our stores and they see their -- our stores in their mind as they place the goods online -- the orders online. We have said before, we have a very disciplined real estate process. It's a constant process of looking at each market as leases come up for renewal. And we -- in some cases, we expand, we move. In other cases, we close the store. And we're constantly testing retail formats in all of our brands. We're always trying to take the experience to a new level, and so you're going to continue to see us do that. And particularly, where there's great landlords with exciting new projects, we want to be part of them because we believe it's key to the customer experience. 
Joseph Feldman: And then if I could ask another question, you mentioned on -- with the Pottery Barn brand expanding the in-home decorating part of the business, could you give a little more color on that, like what you guys are thinking and what might be required in terms of staffing and presumably, it's more people to go into homes? Or just if you could give a little more color on that. 
Laura Alber: Sure. We have been so fortunate to have such a strong field team that has embraced this initiative, and it's -- they're really driving it. They're really rolling out more trainings and more people are being certified. We brought more technology into the stores to help them serve the customers, both in-store and also in the customers' homes. And so we're going to continue to improve the tools we give them, both the technology, but also swatches you see in some of our stores, new design studios that we've put in. And then we're also doing some pretty competitive things with our one-on-one interactions. We -- we are actually -- we've always been very focused on the one-on-one interaction. It'd be incredibly difficult to do because it's a continuous feedback loop really between the database management, customer engagement strategy and execution. And we are really, I think, ahead of what most people can do because while they may have good intention, they don't have the data analytics to know what the customer wants. Simply put, if we know who you are, we can market to you better, and we know who you are. 
Joseph Feldman: Got it. Got it. And if I could maybe sneak one more in, same -- similar kind of question. The Williams-Sonoma Home expansion, I guess, what is giving you the confidence there? And maybe you could give more color because I recall a few years ago, you pared it back as separate stores and I know now it's not really stores. But has there been a change that -- or is it the way you're approaching it, the way you're marketing it, maybe what's helping to drive that -- the increase there? 
Laura Alber: Sure. We have a big aesthetic change. The goods are entirely different. High-end goods, but a much more casual approach to it and really understanding who you're selling to. You're selling to a person who's buying a bigger home, not someone who's paring back. And that aesthetic is very different than what we offered before. We're using our knowledge from our other home furnishings brand to choose the products and also to put together compelling catalogs and then also to optimize the website. Of course, because it's an online business, it's easier to maneuver. And that is the way we've incubated most of our businesses here, I think all of them, is to start online first and to really build the customer base and test new things before we do anything at retail. The reason we believe in it, we know the market is there in -- with the higher-end goods, and we can see through our response rates and our income per book that the customer is really responding. And with every mailing, we are able to add more customers to our help file and expand our reach. 
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I will now turn the conference call back over to Ms. Alber for any additional or closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: Sure. Thank you, all, for joining us this afternoon. We really appreciate your time and your continued support, and we'll speak with you again in May. 
Operator: Thank you, and that does conclude our conference call for today. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-11-20 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded.
 I would now like to turn the call over to Gabrielle Rabinovitch, Director of Investor Relations, to discuss non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking statements. Please go ahead. 
Gabrielle Rabinovitch: Thank you, Ann. Good afternoon. This call should be considered in conjunction with the press release that we issued earlier today. Our press release and this call contain non-GAAP financial measures that exclude the impact of unusual business events. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and our explanation of why these non-GAAP financial measures are useful are discussed in our release.
 This call also contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, trends, guidance, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2013 and beyond, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. 
 Please refer to the company's current press releases and SEC filings, including the most recent 10-Q, for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call. 
 I will now turn the conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer, to discuss our third quarter 2013 results and our outlook for the remainder of fiscal 2013. 
Laura Alber: Thank you, Gabrielle. Good afternoon, and thank you all for joining us. With me today are Julie Whalen, our Chief Financial Officer; and Pat Connolly, our Chief Marketing Officer.
 Our strong third quarter and our performance year-to-date illustrates the power of our business model and the relevancy of our brands. We delivered an 11% increase in revenue and EPS growth in excess of 18%. Importantly, we delivered this revenue growth and accompanying operating margin expansion while simultaneously investing in our multifaceted growth initiatives. We believe we are well positioned headed into the holiday season, and will continue to execute our key strategies to deliver an exceptional experience for our customers. We are focused on generating top line results in conjunction with operational and capital discipline to deliver long-term shareholder value.
 In the beginning of the year, we outlined to you our key strategic initiatives for delivering sustainable, profitable growth and increasing shareholder value. They are: growing our existing brands, launching new businesses and expanding the reach of our brands globally. We believe that the results we've reported today demonstrate disciplined execution across each of these initiatives. Our existing brands grew, and we made progress in our new businesses and in our global expansion. At the same time, we returned $115 million to our shareholders in the form of stock repurchases and dividends. All year, we have been making investments in our business to drive long-term, sustainable growth, as well as to prepare us for the fourth quarter. We believe we are well positioned as the destination for cooking, entertaining, decorating and furnishing your home this holiday season. We have a strong holiday product lineup and the widest assortment of personalized goods that we have ever offered.
 We've also made substantial investments in our supply chain and our information technology infrastructure, 2 of our core competencies, to deliver an elevated experience to our customers in whichever channel they choose to shop.
 In our supply chain, we have made upgrades to better serve our customers. We opened a new distribution center in New Jersey that is dedicated to retail store fulfillment in the Northeast. This facility has increased our flexibility in how we service these stores while reducing our inventory replenishment cycle time. In the past 2 weeks, we have completed the in-sourcing of 2 major furniture hubs as we continue to increase our control over and improve the customer experience of furniture home delivery.
 In addition, the regionalization of our Sutter Street upholstered furniture manufacturing capacity allows us to handle more volume while reducing transportation cost and delivery times.
 Another supply chain enhancement we have made is in personalization. We have invested in additional personalization equipment, including a new material handling system that improves throughput. And we have trained seasonal associates in personalization techniques. Personalization helps make gifts more meaningful, and we are leveraging our state-of-the-art monogramming, etching and embossing capabilities this holiday to grow the gift businesses in all of our brands. Also, we have upgraded our information technology infrastructure in advance of our peak selling season.
 Finally, our multi-year e-commerce investments are also yielding returns. This year, we've launched more than 50 products -- projects, with over 400 customer-facing enhancements across all of our websites. The combination of our open platform, agile development processes and an aligned organizational structure is a competitive advantage that allows us to deliver new functionality every 6 weeks.
 Here are some examples of key improvements we have made.
 We've improved our on-site personalization, as we believe relevancy is crucial to driving engagement. We have substantially enhanced order tracking visibility for our customers. Our new AB testing platform is allowing us to optimize the customer experience across virtually every section of our site through a robust test versus control and rollout strategy. Mobile devices are becoming a very important tool for connected customers at every stage of the purchase decision, and we are testing enhancements to our mobile sites to be more user-friendly, more image-driven, easy to search and shop, and more useful for finding a local store. The first site where we have deployed upgrades is Pottery Barn, where changes are being met with great response. And also, our e-marketing strategies encompass many different programs which continue to evolve and become more sophisticated, with the result that we are driving more revenue from existing customers and acquiring new ones at lower cost.
 I would now like to update you on our new business initiatives. We continue to see opportunity, both domestically and internationally, to help our customers decorate, furnish, cook and entertain at home, across demographics and life stages. Our global footprint is expanding and, in the third quarter, our revenue from foreign operations increased 31% to $51 million. In addition to the stores in Bondi Junction, we opened a West Elm store in Melbourne in September. In Australia, the response to our fully-integrated, direct-to-customer business has exceeded our expectations.
 We are excited to be opening our first store, a West Elm, in the United Kingdom next month, and we are looking forward to scaling our operations in both Australia and the United Kingdom. Our franchise operations also continue to grow. Our partner in the Middle East opened 2 stores in Saudi Arabia this quarter, bringing the total number of franchise stores to 27.
 I would like to spend a few minutes discussing our newest brands, Mark and Graham and Rejuvenation. Mark and Graham recently celebrated its 1-year anniversary. Demand is increasing as brand awareness grows. As an example, Mark and Graham's classic leather gloves are being featured this holiday season as one of Oprah's Favorite Things for 2013, and the typographer's napkins were on the O List in the November issue as the lead-in to the entertaining section.
 In addition, the brand will also have editorial placement in several other national publications in the coming weeks. The brand's assortment now encompasses 10 discrete categories including personal accessories, jewelry, apparel, tabletop, linens and seasonal products. Mark and Graham has a social media presence that is an excellent expression of the brand and is taking the gift-giving experience to a new level with innovative personalization techniques, sophisticated merchandise and beautiful gift packaging.
 We acquired Rejuvenation 2 years ago and while the business is still small, we continue to see an opportunity to materially grow this brand. This year, we introduced portable lighting, which extends the brand's relevance beyond hardwired products. We have been working on our product strategy to broaden the aesthetic. The next wave of product introductions will occur in 2014 and will offer more SKU depth to the bath and kitchen. In addition, Rejuvenation is leveraging our sourcing and supply chain for new product development and utilizing our database marketing expertise for targeting and customer acquisition efforts.
 Now I'd like to discuss the performance of our 3 Pottery Barn brands. In all 3 businesses, we will drive growth by delivering a synergistic cross-brand experience for our customers. We are leveraging our channels and extensive customer data to better serve our customers' needs in all of the rooms of their homes. The e-commerce improvements I mentioned earlier are improving the shopping experience across channels and devices, helping our customers shop with ease anywhere at any time. A comprehensive suite of services complements our innovative and well-priced product offerings. Our in-home services are differentiating us in the marketplace. Our team of designers meet with our customers in their homes and make the decorating process fun, fast and affordable; and our design services are offered free of charge. From decorating your trees for the holidays to helping you set up a breathtaking bar for that holiday party, we'll do it for you. And we will also be there to offer a concierge gift service to help our customers tackle their gift list with ease.
 In the third quarter, Pottery Barn comparable brand revenues increased 8% on top of 11% last year, with strong results across channels and all key categories. From a merchandising perspective, performance was led by the dining and leather furniture collections and bedding assortments. The strength of our outdoor collections continued through the third quarter. Entering fall, our dining chair and upholstery businesses gained momentum. As our upholstery business grows, we are leveraging Sutter Street, our in-house manufacturing facility, to produce our merchandise faster and at better prices. And we are returning this value to our customers.
 As we enter the fourth quarter, we are focused on extending the reach of clienteling to decorate both outside and inside the house for the holidays. We have broadened our seasonal decorating collections and are featuring both an elevated lodge and a classic, nostalgic aesthetic. We've also expanded our dining and entertaining assortments to help our customers host parties at home. 
 This holiday, we are most excited about our faux fur collection, which is the biggest and broadest offering we've ever featured in the plush and luxurious materials. The collection includes throws, pillows, bean bags, neck rolls, duffle bags and more. Our exclusive ornament assortment features whimsical and nostalgic themes. And this year, we've extended our gift collections across price points and categories. From jewelry boxes and frames to stocking stuffers, we are offering personalized gifts for every price point and every gift recipient.
 For the third quarter, Pottery Barn Kids' comparable brand revenues increased 4% on top of 10% last year. In the quarter, our seasonal business drove strength in the brand. Our Baby business brought new customers to Pottery Barn Kids, and we saw growth across decorative accessories, furniture and textiles. We've expanded our crib offering across aesthetics, functions and finishes, and we have introduced additional nursery chair and bedding options. We are well positioned for holiday with our expanded seasonal decor, quilted stockings, nursery rockers and irresistible gift collections. In addition, this year, our enhanced personalization capabilities continue to expand customization options. 
 As Pottery Barn Kids has the highest penetration of mobile shoppers among our businesses, the improvements we discussed relating to the simplification and optimization of our mobile user experience are particularly significant for this brand. We're helping our customers celebrate with their families and delight their children. Creating memories and traditions, our holiday assortment is inspirational and authentic, and we are pleased with the initial reception of these holiday collections.
 In PBteen, comparable brand revenue increased 17%. Performance this year has been driven by strength in furniture and textiles. In addition, our PB Dorm business grew significantly as a result of a broader assortment and improved marketing. In the third quarter, we debuted our Emily & Merritt collaboration, which has been met with a strong response. And we also launched our second collection with Burton and introduced our licensed Manchester United textiles and wall accessories. Successful collaborations and exclusive designs continue to drive newness and innovation in PBteen.
 We are excited about our more comprehensive gift offerings this holiday season for PBteen, and we are discovering additional synergies with our Pottery Barn Kids businesses as we focus on life-stage marketing across the Pottery Barn family of brands.
 Next I would like to discuss the Williams-Sonoma brand. In the third quarter, comparable brand revenue grew 1.4%, which accelerated sequentially from the second quarter and year-over-year. Our autumnal and Halloween assortments contributed to this growth. In addition, exclusive products from key vendors and our branded products drove positive results. 
 All year, we have been preparing for the fourth quarter, and we believe there are 5 areas that will give us a competitive advantage. First, our stores. Our stores are a competitive advantage and essential part of connecting with our customers. As a result, we have invested in and increased and improved training in key categories, and our field teams are better trained and more engaged than ever.
 Second, we have increased levels of newness in our stores and online. We have more exclusive and branded product introductions this quarter. New product introductions include hard-anodized copper core cookware, Williams-Sonoma's stemware, prep and serve tools, roasters and a high-performance rapid boil top.
 We've also increased innovation in our foods and perishables business. This year, we are celebrating the 15th anniversary of our nostalgic peppermint bark with an expanded collection, and our gifting assortment is stronger and more relevant to a broader customer demographic than in past years. We have an increased selection of high-quality gifts, including relevant gift sets, and a new hamper collection that helps make gifting effortless. And we will inspire our customers and help them prepare for the holidays with our new entertaining and tabletop collections.
 Third, we have improved in-stock positions on our key holiday items and core assortments to ensure better service levels for our customers. In fact, in the last few weeks, our out-of-stock levels at retail on top items have decreased by double digits year-over-year.
 Fourth, we have made high-impact changes to our visual presentation. In our catalogs, we are featuring strong narratives complete with recipes. The content, imagery and value equation are more compelling. In our stores, we have new visual displays, boutique shops and an increased interactive experience.  And online, easy-to-find gift shops. Supporting all of this is the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. foundation of e-commerce and supply chain excellence.
 And last, Williams-Sonoma Home continues to be an opportunity. Our sales and assortment continues to grow, and we continue to identify more highly responsive segments in our database and are seeing success in the stores offering the Williams-Sonoma Home collection.
 Given the fragmented high-end home market, we believe Williams-Sonoma Home represents a material opportunity for us, particularly online.
 Finally, I would like to discuss West Elm. West Elm continues to post record revenue growth with an increase of more than 30% in the quarter. The brand delivered comparable brand revenue growth of 22% on top of 13% last year. West Elm opened 4 stores in the third quarter, including locations in Melbourne, Australia; Tampa, Florida; Oak Brook, Illinois; and Birmingham, Alabama. We will open an additional 3 stores in Q4, including our company's first location in Europe on Tottenham Court Road in London. West Elm brand growth was broad-based across categories, including furnitures, textiles, decorative accessories and lighting. Handcrafted products and limited-edition collections, created in collaboration with independent artists, continue to be a key differentiator among competitors.
 This quarter, in support of artisanal communities in the United States and around the world, West Elm made a Clinton Global Initiative commitment to action, a 2-year, $35-million handcrafted purchasing plan and a transparency pledge around the making and sourcing of those products. The brand's commitment highlights our company's efforts, overall, to achieve our business goals while improving our social and environmental performance. West Elm continued its positive partnership with Etsy and announced it would be rolling out local assortments in many of its 50-plus stores, investing in crafts in the communities where we do business and abroad. Test assortments were celebrated in our Brooklyn and Atlanta stores in October.
 West Elm continues to be a leader in social media, growing awareness and credibility through global and store area communities. Each West Elm store manages its own Facebook and Instagram pages, connecting our customers with our associates in authentic and highly visible ways. All stores are hosting a regular schedule of classes and events, many in partnership with local artists, bloggers and influencers. In-store activities add another dimension to the brand's cross-channel customer experience, bringing promotional activities to life.
 As we look forward to the fourth quarter and beyond, West Elm has an exciting future ahead. Our strategy remains to profitably grow the brand and attract a broad base of customers by offering choice in our products and services that will help customers express their own individual style and create a home that will connect with their story: community through connections with like-minded strangers, our crafters, collaborators, customers and associates, and consciousness in everything we do, from handcrafted and local products to supply chain transparency and sustainability. The successful combination of these 3 factors is differentiating West Elm from its competition. With revenues expected to exceed $0.5 billion this year, we are confident in this brand's ability to be a $1 billion-plus business.
 Now I will turn the call over to Julie for additional details on our third quarter financial performance and our fourth quarter and full year 2013 financial guidance. 
Julie Whalen: Thanks, Laura, and good afternoon, everyone. Our third quarter results exceeded our expectations and demonstrated the advantages of our multichannel, multibrand platform, as well as our ability to continue to drive market share gains and profitability while simultaneously investing in the business. For the third quarter, net revenues increased 11.3% to $1,052,000,000, with comparable brand revenues increasing 8.2%. Net revenues in our direct-to-customer channel grew 14.5% to 49% of total company net revenues versus 47% last year. Net revenues in our retail channel grew 8.5%. Pottery Barn and West Elm were the most significant contributors to revenue growth.
 Total company operating margin for the third quarter was 8.8%, a 40 basis point improvement over last year, and includes continued investments in our global expansion. The direct-to-customer channel operating margin increased 40 basis points to 22.9%, driven by advertising leverage, which was partially offset by lower selling margins.
 The retail channel operating margin increased 30 basis points to 9.1%, primarily driven by the leverage of employment costs and was partially offset by lower selling margins. 
 Corporate unallocated expenses increased 10 basis points to 7% of net revenues, partially due to the incremental cost to support our growth initiatives. Gross margin during the third quarter was 38.6% versus 39% last year. The 40-basis-point decrease in gross margin resulted from lower selling margins from competitive pricing strategies across all of our brands, partially offset by occupancy leverage.  Occupancy leveraged 30 basis points, with occupancy costs at $142 million in the third quarter of 2013. 
 SG&A improved 80 basis points to 29.8% in the third quarter of 2013 versus 30.6% in the third quarter last year. This improvement in SG&A was primarily driven by the leverage of advertising and employment costs. As we have said before, the high penetration of our direct business allows us to flex between margin and advertising cost to deliver revenue and operating profit growth while generating operating margin expansion. This revenue growth and operating margin expansion drove an 18% increase in third quarter 2013 diluted earnings per share to $0.58 from $0.49 last year. These results demonstrate our continued focus on generating meaningful shareholder returns while investing in our future growth. 
 Merchandise inventories grew 18.5% on a comparable basis. The biggest drivers of the inventory increase are in those brands fueling our growth: Pottery Barn and West Elm. We also had additional inventory this year that we didn't have last year to support our global expansion and new brands. Across our brands, the inventory increase is in our top-selling core programs.
 Additionally, inventory in transit on a comparable basis has grown substantially, as we are improving our in-stock levels in time for the holidays. As a reminder, as a result of the 53rd week last year, our inventory growth is also impacted by the 1-week calendar shift. Our third quarter ended on November 3 as opposed to October 28 last year, causing a higher level of holiday receipts to occur in the third quarter this year as opposed to the fourth quarter of last year. 
 From a balance sheet perspective, merchandise inventories increased 30.5% to $899 million. As we mentioned last time, as part of our expanded Asia sourcing initiatives, which include directly procuring our inventory for our global operations through our Asian entity, we are taking ownership of our in-transit inventory earlier in the supply chain.
 Excluding the impact of this additional in-transit inventory, which is not in our prior year numbers, merchandise inventories increased 18.5% on a comparable basis. Cash at the end of the third quarter was $129 million. Over the past year, while generating $450 million in operating cash flow, we have returned $351 million to shareholders. During the quarter, we returned $115 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends and invested in the business with $47 million in capital expenditures.
 I would now like to discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2013 guidance. For the fourth quarter of 2013, we expect to grow net revenues to a range of $1,370,000,000 to $1,430,000,000, with comparable brand revenue growth in the range of 3% to 6%. Diluted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $1.30 to $1.37, and we expect our operating margin to be in line with last year's rate. 
 For the full year, as a result of the outperformance in the third quarter, we are raising our revenue and earnings per share guidance. We now expect to grow net revenues to a range of $4,290,000,000 to $4,350,000,000, with comparable brand revenue growth in the range of 5% to 7%. And we now expect fiscal 2013 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share in the range of $2.76 to $2.83, representing a year-over-year growth rate in the range of 10% to 13% after adjusting for the 53rd week in 2012.
 It is important to note that fiscal year EPS guidance also reflects the estimated $0.02 negative weighted share impact on the sum of the quarters. Additionally, our fourth quarter and full year guidance contemplates several factors. 
 First, the fourth quarter of 2012 included an additional week, worth approximately $70 million in revenue and $0.07 of earnings per share. On a comparable basis, due to the 53rd week in 2012, there is a 1-week calendar shift this year between the third and fourth quarter. This shift resulted in a preholiday selling week moving from Q4 to Q3. 
 Second, the holiday shopping season during the fourth quarter will be a week shorter due to the date on which Thanksgiving falls. 
 Third, our fourth quarter and full year guidance contemplates the closure of significantly more Williams-Sonoma stores in the fourth quarter as compared to last year. We plan to close approximately 11 stores this fourth quarter versus 8 last year. These closures represent stores that are underperforming and predominantly at the end of their lease lives.
 In summary, we are pleased with our results and believe that we are well positioned for this holiday season and beyond. Our customer is at the center of everything we do and the investments that we are making. We are confident in our innovative product, great value and outstanding services. We are looking forward to helping you and your family shop this holiday season.
 I would now like to open the call for questions. But before I do, I want to wish you and your families a happy holiday season. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Budd Bugatch from Raymond James. 
Budd Bugatch: I'm wondering, and I hope you can hear me -- I wonder -- just 2 questions if I can, and I'll phrase them together. One, you gave us international revenues this year. I wonder if you could give us what the comparison was against that for last year. And maybe a little bit more color on the SG&A leverage between segments or -- you said advertising, and I think occupancy -- not occupancy, advertising and leverage in payroll. Can you give us kind of a feeling on how that was between the segments? 
Julie Whalen: The international, we don't have the growth over the prior year because there wasn't really a substantial amount of growth. If you go 2 years back, we really didn't have as much international operations. All we would have had was the franchise. You can look back in the Q or I can get that for you offline. But as far as the SG&A, it really was significantly driven by advertising and employment leverage. Obviously, the more sales we have -- when we have higher sales than we expected, that leverages all of the costs. 
Operator: We'll go next to Daniel Hofkin with William Blair & Company. 
Daniel Hofkin: Just -- I guess maybe a follow-up on the Williams-Sonoma evolution. I would like to know kind of where -- you talked about some of the increased exclusivity, where that is right now versus where you think it might be in a couple of years? And then the other question relates to operating margins. You had a nice kind of balance between the 2 segments this quarter in terms of improvement. In the fourth quarter, it looks like the top end of your guidance assumes flattish margin, maybe some decline in margin at the lower end. Just curious what the dynamic is. Is it just the holiday-related competitive environment? Or is there something sequentially that would cause the margin to potentially be down a little bit year-over-year in the fourth quarter? 
Laura Alber: Sure. Thanks, Daniel. It's Laura. I hate to use a sports analogy, but I guess I would say we're in the third inning, that we're just getting started. Janet has been in her role for 6 months. And while we started evolving our product strategy prior to Janet, the durables product development life cycle takes a while. We also want to make sure that before we change any strategy, we want to make sure that we know it's going to work. And as a result, we've been very thoughtful about testing changes in the Williams-Sonoma brand. As I've told you before, our primary focus is on product exclusives and innovation, retail execution and exciting visual presentation. And we believe there's still more growth to be had in every category, and we're looking for bigger and more broad-based growth. We know the brand is widely loved and revered, but we want to make it more accessible to more people. In the future, you're going to see us bring in a wider range of products, the best quality for what they are but aren't necessarily the most expensive. We also know that we can work more closely with our key vendor partners to develop more exclusives that will further differentiate us from the competition. And we're also seeing emerging trends that we'll be building on in new categories like the Williams-Sonoma Home business, and we are still in the very early stages of developing that. 
Julie Whalen: And, Dan, regarding the operating margin, a few things going on there. Definitely, this is the first time, I think all year, that we've had operating margin expansion in the retail channel. So that's really exciting. And obviously, the higher the revenues we have, it leverages all the way through and drops to the bottom line. So we had the margin expansion this quarter. For next quarter, we've guided to be in line with last year. And one thing to remember there is that we do lose some leverage from the transition to a 13-week -- transition away from a 14-week to a 13-week, and so some of that does impact the bottom line. But with that said on the year, we basically raised the year on the bottom. It used to be at 10.0% to 10.3%. It's now 10.1% to 10.3%. And at 10.3%, as you guys know, it's equal to the highest rate we've had and will generate the highest level of operating income we've ever had. So -- all while investing in our strategies for the future. So we feel very confident about that. 
Operator: We'll go next to David Magee from SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. 
David Magee: We're hearing from some retailers about their promotions earlier in the season. Just generally speaking, it seemed to be more severe than expected. And I'm just curious what you think about sort of the environment here relative to what you may have thought a few months ago. 
Laura Alber: Yes, we continue to recognize the promotional environment. We've been talking about it for over a year, that we embrace it and don't think it's going to change. We know our customers would rather buy from us than our competition, and so we are focused not just on price but also on all the other things that makes you buy something from a retailer. And we believe we have the competitive advantage in many of those areas. But on price, specifically, we have a very exciting line up of great value for the holiday season, and we're going to vary it from last year so that we can keep everybody on their toes and drive excitement for the customer. So you're going to see us have planned promotions, as we have all year. And it's hard to get a read on the macro and consumer sentiment, given the multitude of conflicting data points. I don't know what's going to happen with the macro, but I do believe that people are enthusiastic about decorating, cooking and entertaining. And thankfully, that is the business that we are in. 
David Magee: Great. On the Williams-Sonoma brand specifically, could you tell us sort of what the proprietary product percentage is this year versus last year? 
Laura Alber: It's higher. 
David Magee: So it's meaningfully higher year-to-year? 
Laura Alber: It's higher. And what I think is most important versus SKU counting is the quality of the exclusives. 
David Magee: And last question, the distribution changes that you're making now, is that going to be meaningful to next year's EBIT number? Is there a chance to really leverage that nicely into next year? 
Laura Alber: You have to remember that the most important thing about our supply chain enhancements is that we're able to give our customer better service. And in many cases, we have passed along the savings to our customers. 
Operator: We'll go next to Peter Benedict from Robert Baird. 
Peter Benedict: Just curious, your business has been pretty consistent across the year here, but just the cadence across -- during the quarter, was there any choppiness that you saw? Just trying to understand that. And as it relates to Pottery Barn, the complexion of the business, I mean, is there anything in that -- in the mix there that you are seeing that starts to show you evidence that the remodeling boom is starting? I mean, I know the business has been strong, we can see that, but just trying to pull back the covers a little bit on a category standpoint. Are you seeing anything that's been changing over the course of this year that can speak to that? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. From a cadence perspective, we don't comment on that as it's playing out throughout the quarter. But I'll let Laura talk about Pottery Barn. 
Laura Alber: Sure. It's clear to us that the customer is very focused on their home and that, while we can't see a correlation one-for-one with housing starts or anything specifically in the macro, we do believe that people feel better about spending money on their home because the value of their homes are no longer dropping. And so at the same time, it's difficult to decorate and we're seeing market share gains, we believe, because we not only offer a wide array of well-priced products that are high quality, but also we help the customer put it together in the home. And I think it's probably early innings of a housing recovery, but we believe that because we are making it easier and offering great assortment to our customers, that we're gaining share and we will continue to do so. And so you'll see us increase newness. And also, we're also seeing uptick because we're offering more dimensional size options for our customers in terms of furniture. I mean, so many times, when you go to buy a new sofa, not only are you looking for style and the right price, but you're also looking for something that fits in your family room. And so we're very cognizant of where those holes are in our assortment and where we're adding new SKUs to gain more customers in the future. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Greg Melich from ISI Group. 
Gregory Melich: Want to talk about the retail margins international, how they link. If I understand it right, your international revenue falls into the retail segment. And if that's right, how much of the sales growth is really coming from international? Or what was the trend in retail? And then second is how do we think about the retail margins in terms of -- we had a nice improvement this quarter but clearly, the calendar shift helped some there. How much of the margin improvement there would be driven by that week shift, international? 
Julie Whalen: Okay. So from a retail perspective, really, last time, we specifically called out that one of the biggest drivers was international. This time, it was primarily just across the Pottery Barn and West Elm brands, not specific to international. So that wasn't one of the biggest drivers. With that said, the growth there was 31%. And year-to-date, it is 48%. International is almost 100% in the retail channel. So when I talk about it, it's because of the effective drag on earnings, by the fact that we have costs ahead of revenues. So from a margin -- from a Q3 margin perspective, obviously, if we didn't have those, for example, with the U.K. store, and we're incurring costs ahead of it actually opening later in Q4, our margins in the retail operating margin would be higher. As far as guidance, we don't provide guidance by channel, but we know that the retail channel does drive sales, of course, to our direct channel. So depending on where the customer is shopping at any particular time, you'll see fluctuation in our retail operating margin. And so obviously, you're going to see this change. We're very pleased with the results that we have this quarter and the fact that we did see that operating margin expansion. But that will fluctuate. 
Gregory Melich: Got it. And on inventory, I just want to make sure I got that right. The in-transit, when you're thinking about [ph] -- you're up 18%. How much did the week shift? Is that included in that adjustment? Or would there be another adjustment, given that the quarter ended a week later? 
Julie Whalen: No. There would be another adjustment. The adjustment from the balance sheet to the comparable basis is simply taking out that additional inventory that wasn't in the base last year associated with our Asian sourcing initiatives. And that would take you to the 18.5%. And then when we speak about all of these other things that are driving the inventory increase in my prepared remarks, that's in particular to the 18.5%. So there would be an additional adjustment if you backed that out. 
Gregory Melich: So how much is it if it wasn't calendar shift? 
Julie Whalen: We're not -- it's hard to tell. We're not quantifying it. It's really hard to actually come up with the exact amount that's representative of that. 
Operator: We'll go next to Brian Nagel from Oppenheimer. 
Brian Nagel: So my question is on gross margins, maybe somewhat of -- I guess maybe a little of a follow-up to the prior question. But the gross margins in the quarter were still down, but the trend was improving, particularly if you look kind of on a multiyear basis. Now we spent a lot of time over the last several quarters talking about the Williams-Sonoma strategy of using select price promotions as an advertising vehicle, and then essentially trading SG&A dollars after[ph]  cost of sales. Is there something that -- was there some shift or something to drive sort of, say, the improving trend in gross margins this quarter that maybe we should expect to continue to happen as we look over the next several quarters? 
Julie Whalen: I wouldn't read too much into that. I think at the end of the day, we said in our prepared markets, the main driver was lower selling margins, which was partially offset by occupancy leverage. We have said even last quarter that occupancy costs in Q4 could be higher, which obviously impacts your gross margin. But I think the positive here is a few things. First of all, when you take the puts and takes form the gross margin, it's actually across all brands and all channels, which reflects our competitive pricing strategy across-the-board, it's not particular to one brand, and the fact, to your point, that we can offset it with the SG&A improvements and still have operating margin expansion is phenomenal. So yes, we say it again and again, but our focus is on operating margin. 
Brian Nagel: Okay. And then a follow-up, if I could. You gave us a lot of color on some of the merchandising initiatives. I look at my model and it was pretty clear that the Williams-Sonoma brand comps improved here in Q3, again on a kind of a multiyear basis. Was there something that was shifted there for the pause in the Williams-Sonoma brand? Or is that maybe just a culmination of some of the efforts you've been putting forth lately? 
Laura Alber: As I said in the prepared remarks, we saw a great response to our Wine Country theme, our autumnal theme. And that was stronger than our summer themes of outdoor entertaining. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mike Baker with Deutsche Bank. 
Michael Baker: So I want to focus on the margins as well. Just on the merchandise margins, which looks like it's down about 70 basis points, so it's similar to last quarter. Is there an impact there? Is that just lower pricing? Or is there an impact from more free shipping, which I think you include in that selling margin. That's the first question. Then the second question is related, but more longer term. How do we think about -- you said you're focused on operating margins. How do we think about the long-term operating margins? Remind us what's in your 3-year plan? I think [indiscernible] is about 10.3% roughly over the last 3 years. Will that start to expand, or do we just expect more top line growth, or flat margins [indiscernible] earnings growth going forward? 
Julie Whalen: Okay. So as far as the gross margin, it is -- definitely, lower selling margins is what we indicated, which, to your point, does include free shipping. At the end of the day, we were intentionally competitive across all of our brands, all channels. And clearly, it worked. As I said earlier, we can afford to do that because our strategies allow us to do that and still have operating margin expansion. So it's just a choice we make between whether we do a free ship, a pricing promotion that hits gross margin, and we pull off from doing e-marketing, which the benefit hits SG&A, to still generate the top line sales and the bottom line growth in the operating margin. So that's going to continue. I don't see that changing at all. We think that's very healthy. And clearly, it's working for our brand. As far as operating margin expansion, for the year, on the high end, we're at 10.3%, and we have said that over our 3-year outlook, that we do plan on operating margin expansion. It goes from low double digits to mid-teens in our 3-year outlook. 
Michael Baker: And so the margin expansion then starts to accelerate at some point in the next couple of years? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. 
Operator: We'll go next to Neely Tamminga with Piper Jaffray. 
Neely Tamminga: Laura, I'd love to talk a little bit more about the theme that I heard over and over again. I haven't counted exactly how many times you said personalization, but clearly, that is a theme for you guys this holiday. And I was just wondering if we could get a little bit into what personalization actually means for you. Is it higher-margin goods? From a financial perspective, is it margin accretive? It would seem to me that it would be lower returns and maybe an additional average price point that would be a little bit higher, but what sort of penetration are you looking at for Q4 for the holiday season? How do you look at that last year versus this year for personalization? 
Laura Alber: Thanks, Neely. I see personalization as really a key differentiator and a great gift more than anything. I mean, you can give someone a beautiful glass paperweight from Mark and Graham for $35, and it may be the most thoughtful gift they receive during the holiday season. And I think that's rare these days. We spent a lot of time talking about what kind of gifts we like to receive and to give, and have developed our category that way. It's great that it happens to be high-margin and oftentimes lower queued [ph], and the -- of course, we stand behind any damages we have. We allow our customers to return if there's damage. But you're right, they don't return if there's no damaged so it is very profitable business. We have made investments to make sure that we can ship as much as we possibly can ship this year because we expect, based on last year's results, to see very, very strong growth in this category. It's not an easy thing to execute, and so we are very fortunate we've been working on this for many years and making investments every year in how we do this, how we bring all this together across multiple categories and multiple techniques. It's not just embroidery, it's so many new techniques this year. And we do it all ourselves. 
Neely Tamminga: Do you have a sense of how much of the penetration of your holiday products will be offered with personalization this year? 
Laura Alber: Of course, I do, and it's been so competitive. And I'd prefer not to quantify any of the growth numbers or the SKU count increase. 
Operator: And we have time for one last question, which will come from Marni Shapiro with The Retail Tracker analyst. 
Marni Shapiro: So my question circles around -- centers around food. You guys have historically had an outstanding assortment of food at Williams-Sonoma through the year, but particularly in the holiday season. And it looks great this year. And I see -- as the market has continued to do well and expand, I've seen a few food items. So I guess it begs the question, is there an opportunity to expand a little bit more into the food there? And, Laura, you've talked over and over about whether it's getting closer to the table, farm to table, or the focus around cooking and entertaining at home, and I was curious if you guys have looked into some of these subscription things. I'm sure you've seen them, most of them are coming out of your own backyard, where people receive a box to sample things. And is that something that, either through West Elm Market or Williams-Sonoma, that would be interesting to you guys? 
Laura Alber: Yes, thank you. It sure is. So many of the food products that we carry are from local and artisanal food people, and we have a lot more continuity programs this year that, if you go online, you'll see make excellent gifts. We look for very high quality in our foods, as you know. And I'm very excited personally this year about the expansion of -- particularly our peppermint bark. We have a lot more this year because it's our 15th year anniversary in peppermint bark. And when you go into the store, there's so much irresistible product in that category. 
Marni Shapiro: I saw that, by the way. I thought it looked fantastic this year. 
Laura Alber: Thank you. We also spent a lot of time on making packaging changes to our Thanksgiving product that I think is much more appealing. So while it's the same great quality that it's always been, updated the graphic layer and that's being met with good response. So, so far, so good. We're just early here in the fourth quarter, but we're seeing a nice response to the food offering that we have. It's a small business for market, but you're right in that we can even be more localized and smaller there because the scale is so much smaller. So we just are very selective about the great products that we carry and offer differentiated products to the customers who come into our stores. 
Marni Shapiro: And would it be okay if I took this all kind of one step further? You said at Williams-Sonoma the Wine Country was a very strong theme for you. Is it out of the question to think that Williams-Sonoma could be pairing with local vineyards to do some kind of wine, I don't know, club or offering or something along those lines? Or is that just something you're not going to get involved with? 
Laura Alber: We do have a wine club already online. 
Marni Shapiro: Oh, I missed that. 
Laura Alber: Yes. We do have it. And so you can look at that, and we carry -- and we select all of the line ourselves and taste it here and carry wine from small growers and then some larger ones, too. 
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I'll now turn the conference back over to Ms. Alber for any additional or closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: Well, I just want to thank all of you for joining us this afternoon. We appreciate your time and your continued support. And we'll speak with you again in the new year. In the meantime, I hope you have a wonderful holiday season. 
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-28 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma Inc. Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Gabrielle Rabinovitch, Director of Investor Relations, to discuss non-GAAP measures and forward-looking statements. Please go ahead. 
Gabrielle Rabinovitch: Thank you, Gwen. Good afternoon. This call should be considered in conjunction with the press releases that we issued earlier today. Our earnings press release and this call contain non-GAAP financial measures that exclude the impact of unusual business events. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and our explanation why these non-GAAP financial measures are useful are discussed in our earnings release. This call also contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiative, trends, guidance, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2013 and beyond, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company's current press releases and SEC filings, including the most recent 10-Q, for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call.
 I will now turn the conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer, to discuss our second quarter 2013 results and our outlook for the remainder of fiscal year 2013. 
Laura Alber: Thank you, Gabrielle. Good morning or good afternoon, I should say, and thank you all for joining us. With me today are Julie Whalen, our Chief Financial Officer; and Pat Connolly, our Chief Marketing Officer. I want to start by addressing the early release of our Q2 2013 earnings information today. Our press release, as many of you know, was scheduled to be issued this afternoon at 1:05 p.m. Pacific Time. Unfortunately, our earnings information was unintentionally disclosed before then. After reviewing our processes, we have determined that the information was obtained from our corporate website. While we had not provided a link to this report on our website, the document could have been accessed if you were able to identify and then entered the very unique web address. As soon as we learned of the early release of our information, we asked the New York Stock Exchange to halt trading briefly until we could formally issue our press release. Once the press release had been issued, we resumed trading. We are very sorry for the confusion this caused. Now let's move to our business.
 Our second quarter results demonstrate the continuing strong demand for our brands and the profitability of our multichannel, multi-brand platform. We generated a 12% increase in revenue and a 14% increase in diluted earnings per share over last year. Our home furnishings brands generated a 14% increase in revenue with each delivering double-digit revenue growth. We believe that our high sales growth is a result of our customer-focused strategy across all of our brands, particularly in our home furnishing brands, where we are benefiting from exclusive product assortments, lifestyle merchandising, relevant marketing messages and a well-honed promotional strategy across our multiple channels. We achieved sales and profit levels that exceeded our expectations while continuing to invest in infrastructure, talent and other areas to fuel our growth. 
 At the beginning of the year, we shared with you our strategic initiative to grow our existing brands, launch new businesses and expand globally. We've made meaningful progress against these objectives year-to-date. Our global expansion is on track and by the end of the year, we expect to have 6 company-owned retail locations outside of North America, 5 in Australia and 1 in United Kingdom. Our relationship with M.H. Alshaya, our franchise partner in the Middle East, continues to expand and at the end of the second quarter, covered 25 stores in 5 countries. 
 We're also excited about today's announcement of a multi-year franchise agreement with Stores Specialists, Inc. as a franchisee for our brands in the Philippines. 
 I would like to spend a few minutes discussing our supply chain. We are driving further efficiencies in our supply chain while enhancing customer service. In the second quarter, we made progress on the transition away from our third-party agent by opening our own sourcing offices and quality control labs in Indonesia. This will give us better control of costs and quality at the ground level of production. We're also in the process of opening our own offices in Delhi, India and Shanghai, China with a goal of making the same transition in those regions of the world over the next 6 months. Our continued investment in overseas production has resulted in improved quality and reduced defects. We also further regionalized our retail distribution network, which will increase efficiencies and speed to market. 
 Finally, in June, we completed our reorganization of our distribution center, making improvements to optimize the efficiency of our small package fulfillment operations. We're already seeing productivity improvements from these improved operations. 
 I also want to highlight our e-commerce business, which is especially strong this quarter. With e-commerce growing in excess of 20%, the direct-to-customer channel represented 49% of total revenue in the second quarter. We're driving this growth in all brands of our lifestyle merchandising, the improvements in our shop path and our e-marketing efforts. 
 On the talent front over the past several months, we have announced a number of leadership changes and additions of talent to our company. All of us believe that these changes will deliver significant benefits. Our decision to put all 3 Pottery Barn brands under 1 leader is revealing many opportunities for these brands to be more closely aligned. In many cases, we are marketing to the same customer. For example, more prominent display of the Pottery Barn Kids and Teens site links from the Pottery Barn homepage is yielding increased site traffic to the brands. We have other initiatives like this one, which we believe will yield increased sales and leverage the power of our database to deliver even more relevant marketing messages. We continue to strengthen our Williams-Sonoma brand teams. As we have previously announced, in addition to appointing a new brand president, this quarter we have added individuals and field leadership, inventory management, additional [ph] merchandising and store operations. We believe this new talent will augment our existing strong team. 
 I would like to begin my discussion of our brands by first talking about West Elm, our fastest-growing brand. West Elm recorded revenue growth of 26% in the quarter with comparable brand revenue growth of 16.5% on top of 15.6% last year. A key factor in West Elm's success has been its use of social media. We believe that West Elm is at the forefront of a transformational change in retail, where consumer preferences are influenced by the opinions of other like-minded consumers and enthusiasts. West Elm continues to receive high marks for its ability to build awareness, authenticity and credibility with a highly-engaged customer base through the effective use of a variety of social media. From its award-winning blog, Front & Main, to its pioneering use of Pinterest, to collaborations with Etsy, West Elm is building its brand and driving profitable sales with a carefully orchestrated infusion of social media into its marketing mix. Brand growth is being driven by all categories, including furniture and textiles, decorative accessories and lighting. West Elm is appealing to the brand's broad customer base with the development of an extensive assortment of products with the mix of design aesthetics and price points. The West Elm Market assortment attracts and inspires customers with products for everyday living. Exciting collaborations of artists from around the world contributes to the global aesthetic and broad appeal of the West Elm brand, and we are focused on growing our assortment of handmade products, which is a key differentiator in the marketplace. Customers love knowing how and where their products are made. 
 West Elm expanded into 3 new geographies in the second quarter, opening stores in St. Louis, King of Prussia and Montral, our first West Elm store in French-speaking Canada, which brings a total number of West Elm stores to 51. In all markets, we are focused on a seamless customer experience, aligning promotional activity, seasonal introductions and key marketing statements through e-commerce, catalog, in-store and social activities. West Elm is driving messaging and community engagement at the local level. 
 As we look forward to the rest of the fiscal year 2013 and beyond, our strategy is to continually profitably grow the West Elm brand by engaging with and attracting a broad base of customers by maintaining a compelling product line and value proposition. We're aggressively seeking retail expansion opportunities worldwide and are planning to open 7 new stores before the end of the year including 1 store each in Melbourne and London. West Elm continues to differentiate itself in the marketplace and capture additional wallet share. With revenues expected to approach $0.5 billion this year, we are very confident in its ability to be $1 billion-plus brand in our portfolio. 
 I would now like to discuss the Williams-Sonoma brand. We ended the second quarter with a slight decrease in quarterly comp brand revenue of 0.4% negative. While we are relevant to our customer in the second quarter, we experienced success. Our brand extensions Williams-Sonoma Home and Agrarian fueled incremental growth. Williams-Sonoma branded cookware continues to gain traction. Our differentiated strategy to expand our exclusives and proprietary introductions is relevant and working. Our outdoor assortment, including seasonal textiles, however, was soft. And across the brand, we have been deliberately more competitive on price and are taking an aggressive stance on moving through seasonal inventory. 
 As we look to the future, our primary focus is on product strategy. We know that our customers come to us for the best quality, differentiated product and great value. This strategy has not changed, and we are optimistic about the lineup of new product introductions into next year. Our fall floor set is inspired by the California Wine Country and the artisan foods, tableware and tools that bring home these iconic flavors and styles. We have strong exclusivity [ph] from our key vendors and are excited about our lineups for the third quarter, including our assortments for Halloween and Thanksgiving. We continue to see a significant variance in performance between the direct and retail channels. The relative strength in the direct channel has been driven by increased traffic in conjunction with strategic promotions. We also increased new customer acquisition, a key metric that indicates future strength. 
 The retail channel, however, has underperformed. The new leadership team has already identified several opportunities that we are aggressively pursuing, first, field leadership. We have placed a seasoned and proven leader over the Williams-Sonoma brand field organization, which is already yielding improvement. Two, store level inventory. We see a significant opportunity to ensure that individual stores have the right quantities of goods. Marketing. We are aligning our marketing across channels and increasing the effectiveness of marketing to our customers who buy primarily in our store. Fourth, clear communication of a robust calendar of tasting and demonstrations in our stores. And last, optimized store scheduling, staffing and training. We believe these retail improvements will drive execution and performance in the Williams-Sonoma brand. 
 Next, I'd like to discuss the performance of our Pottery Barn brands. Collectively, as of the end of last year, these brands represented more than 60% of our overall revenues on an annual basis. The Pottery Barn's vision is to be the destination for decorating and entertaining and to enhance our customers' lives at home through every life stage and across every lifestyle and room in the home. The opportunity is to strengthen our relationships and increase our relevance with our customers across the Pottery Barn brands. We are focused on aligning our team and integrating the operational elements to create elevated and exceptional customer experiences. In the second quarter, Pottery Barn comparable brand revenues increased 9.9% on top of 11% last year. A strong outdoor business fueled the brand as our customers came to us to decorate outdoor spaces at a great value. All key categories performed, and our in-home design services assisted our customers in new and innovative ways that differentiated us in a very competitive landscape. 
 As we move into the third quarter, we are featuring a transitional late-summer color palette and expanded bedding and textiles offerings. In addition, this is the first season that we are beginning to offer an expanded size assortment in our upholstery collection. Dimensional expansion of these collections is a critical part of our product strategy, and the early returns of this effort are strong. By offering a wide range of sizes, our customers can pick the style they want and the optimal size for their particular room. When you combine this with our ability to produce custom orders in 3 weeks or fewer, from a selection of more than 75 fabric choices and our dedicated Sutter Street furniture facility, we are presenting a very compelling story to our customers. We have launched our Sutter Street West facility in Southern California and further reduced the shipping time for West Coast customers. We are now manufacturing more than half of our upholstered furniture ourself and delivering an unparalleled value proposition to consumers, and they are responding. 
 In the Pottery Barn Kids brands, comparable brand revenue grew 8.2% in the second quarter. Strong results across textiles, decorative accessories and furniture contributed to this performance. An enhanced nursery assortment, supported by targeted marketing, is bringing new customers to Pottery Barn Kids. In the third quarter, we are focused on going back to school with our kids, and we are offering an expanded gear collection and a broadened desk chair and task lighting assortment. We're also celebrating Halloween in the third quarter and are featuring whimsical costumes and accessories at great prices. Early response to these collections has been excellent. 
 In PBteen, comparable brand revenue increased 16.3%, led by strength in furniture and textiles. The second quarter also featured new launches from our brand extension, PB Dorm, the extended -- expanded our relevance on campus. 
 Moving into the third quarter, our PBteen customer is responding to the preppy transitional aesthetics that we are featuring. PBteen is continuing to explore collaborations of fantastic partners. We'll be expanding our Burton collection this fall, which features exclusive products, design and partnership with the world's leading snowboard company, and we'll also be introducing our newest collaboration with Emily and Meritt, the influential Hollywood power stylist duo, who have worked with our design teams to develop a home furnishings collection launching in September. These partnerships are exciting and enhance the PBteen experience. Online and in-store, we are focused on helping our teens create unique spaces that reflect their personalities. Across all the Pottery Barn brands, we see an opportunity in every life stage and every room in the house to capture more market share. This focus is informing our product development and channel strategies. 
 Finally, I would like to update you on our new businesses. Our rich heritage of entrepreneurship underlies everything we do, and this is reflected in our newest businesses and brand extensions. We believe the high-end renovation trend is increasing, and rejuvenation is perfectly poised to capitalize on this opportunity in quality lighting and hardware. Mark and Graham is redefining the gifting experience and customer expectations for quality and innovation in personalized merchandise. We are using our database and marketing expertise to expand the reach of these businesses and acquire new customers. We see an opportunity to drive further growth across these businesses and our brand extensions.
 Now I will turn the call over to Julie Whalen for additional details in our second quarter financial performance and our third quarter and full year 2013 financial guidance. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon. We are once again pleased with our results and the outperformance we saw on both the top and bottom line compared to our expectations for the quarter. For the second quarter, net revenues increased 12.3% to a second quarter record of $982 million, with comparable brand revenues increasing 8.4%. Net revenues in our direct-to-customer channel grew 15.3%, driven by e-commerce, which had growth in excess of 20% and represents more than 90% of our total direct-to-customer revenues. Direct-to-customer net revenues generated 49% of total company net revenues in the second quarter this year compared to 47% last year. The growth in the direct-to-customer channel was primarily driven by Pottery Barn, West Elm, PBteen and Pottery Barn Kids. 
 Net revenues in our retail channel grew 9.7%, driven predominantly by Pottery Barn, West Elm and our international franchise operations. This growth was partially offset by a decrease in the Williams-Sonoma brand. 
 Gross margin during the second quarter was 37.6% versus 38.3% last year. This 70 basis point decrease resulted from lower selling margins, primarily in the retail channel, partially offset by occupancy leverage. Occupancy leveraged 20 basis points with occupancy cost at $138 million in Q2 2013 versus $124 million in Q2 2012. While our gross margin decreased versus last year, SG&A improved to 29.6% in Q2 2013 versus 30.2% in Q2 2012, primarily driven by the leverage of employment and advertising costs resulting in a second quarter operating margin of 8.0%, which was equal to last year. 
 As we have said before, different from other retailers, our operating model was close to 50% of revenue coming from the direct-to-customer channel allows us to flex between margin and advertising cost to drive revenue growth while maintaining an overall operating margin. The operating margin was driven by 100 basis point improvement in the direct-to-customer segment to 24% and a 10 basis point improvement in the corporate unallocated segment to 7.2% offset by 150 basis point decrease in the retail segment to 6.9%. The improvement in the direct-to-customer segment was primarily driven by greater advertising leverage. The improvement in the corporate unallocated segment was driven by overall expense leverage and ongoing expense discipline. The decrease in the retail channel operating margin was primarily due to lower selling margins and the upfront investment costs associated with our global expansion, partially offset by the leverage of employment-related costs. 
 Second quarter 2013 diluted earnings per share grew 14% to $0.49 from $0.43 last year. This is the sixth consecutive quarter where we have delivered better-than-expected earnings. We are pleased to be delivering this level of record profitability while continuing to invest in our long-term growth. 
 Merchandise inventories grew 13.4% on a comparable basis, which was relatively in line with our revenue growth, as well as our stated goals to improve in-stock inventory positions, to drive sales and to support our growth initiatives. From a balance sheet perspective, merchandise inventories increased 19.6% to $737 million versus $616 million at the end of Q2 2012. As part of our expanded Asian sourcing initiatives, which include directly procuring our inventory for our global operations through our Asian entity, we are taking ownership of our in-transit inventory earlier in the supply chain. Excluding the impact of this additional in-transit inventory, merchandise inventories increased 13.4%. 
 Cash at the end of the quarter was $205 million versus $337 million last year. Over the past year, while generating $389 million in operating cash flow, we returned $289 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends including $120 million in cash to our shareholders this quarter alone through $90 million in share repurchases and $30 million in dividends. As a reminder, consistent with prior years, our cash balance will decrease throughout the year and reach its lowest levels in the third quarter as we use our significant free cash flow to fund our investment and working capital in advance of the holiday selling season. 
 I would now like to discuss our third quarter and fiscal year 2013 guidance. We are on track for 2013 to be another year of record revenues and earnings while at the same time investing in our future growth. For the third quarter of 2013, we expect to grow net revenues to a range of $1,020,000,000 to $1,040,000,000 with comparable brand revenue growth in the range of 4% to 6%. Diluted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $0.51 to $0.54, and we expect our operating margin to be slightly below last year's rate. 
 For the full year, as a result of this outperformance in the second quarter, we are raising our guidance for revenue by $40 million, and we are raising our guidance for diluted earnings per share by $0.02. As a result, we now expect to grow net revenues to a range of $4,260,000,000 to $4,340,000,000 with comparable brand revenue growth in the range of 4% to 6%. And we now expect fiscal 2013 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share in the range of $2.69 to $2.79, representing growth of 11% at the high end of the range after adjusting for the 53rd week in 2012. 
 This guidance for the back half of the year contemplates several factors that I would like to discuss in more detail. First, as a reminder, the fourth quarter of 2012 included an incremental 53rd week worth approximately $70 million in revenue and $0.07 of earnings per share. On a comparable basis, due to the 53rd week in 2012, there's a 1-week calendar shift this year between the third and fourth quarter. This shift results in a high-volume holiday selling week moving from Q4 to Q3. Second, the holiday shopping season during the fourth quarter will be a week shorter due to the date on which Thanksgiving falls. Third, our fiscal year guidance contemplates the closure of significantly more Williams-Sonoma stores in the fourth quarter than in the fourth quarter last year. We plan to close approximately 15 stores this year versus 8 last year. These closures represent stores that are underperforming and predominantly at the end of their lease life. Fourth, we expect the upfront costs to accelerate the build-out of our global infrastructure in Australia and the United Kingdom will be higher than originally anticipated and will therefore, put pressure on our earnings in the back half of the year. Fifth, as you saw in the second quarter, we expect occupancy expenses, which include depreciation, to increase approximately 10% for the rest of the year as a result of our 2012 capital investments and our investments in our accelerated global expansion. Finally, our capital allocation strategy remains unchanged. We plan to make capital investments in our business as we continue to invest in our long-term initiatives, and we also plan to continue to return capital to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. 
 In summary, we are pleased with both our top and bottom line performance in the second quarter and with the progress we have made year-to-date against our strategic growth initiatives. We are confident that the strength of our brands combined with our continued execution against our long-term strategic initiatives and our balanced capital allocation plan has us well positioned to deliver on both our near- and longer-term financial goals. I would now like to open the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Daniel Hofkin with William Blair & Company. 
Daniel Hofkin: Just I had a question going back to Williams-Sonoma, specifically, the brand. Do you feel like -- was the outdoor isolated to weather or was it the content of the product in your opinion? And I guess just interested in what you think the timeline is for sort of getting the brand to where you want it to be from a merchandising and service standpoint, and then I just had a quick housekeeping follow-up. 
Laura Alber: Sure. We saw strength, as I said, in the areas that we're most differentiated and so it's the combination of both newness, and newness is very different from what the competition offers, and those areas were in home, agrarian and cookware. Outdoor, which was a key marketing message, spans several categories, both the tools but also the rubs and sauces and combination of factors that made it softer than we would have liked. And the reality is that we needed new flow of outdoor, too because we told the same story throughout the entire summer season, and the outdoor business is really a cooking trend that's around year-round, and so we need to have more flows of it next year and possibly also less as -- less of it as a marketing statement. There were other great trends that we saw, the ice cream trends, for example, and some of the sweet foods and sweet stories were strong. And as I said, as we move into Q3, we really are optimistic about our product lineup. We have, right now, as you know, if you've been into our store, we have our Wine Country story, which spans both food and -- but also how you entertain, and it's really back to our heritage and chucks fines [ph] , and we're seeing some nice response on that so far. As we go into the ever important holiday season, you'll see us launch Halloween here in stores. We have some of it online now, and we have, I think, a much stronger and broader assortment in Halloween and then also in Thanksgiving and Christmas. The entertaining at home theme is one that we are very focused on, and you're going to see us introduce a lot of exciting things in the home bar. We know that custom cocktails are something that everyone really enjoys, and we think we can help our customer throw those great parties through the holiday season. In the back half, strong holiday execution is key. At the same time, we've talked to you about testing new ideas. And our approach is to test and roll ideas versus making precipitous, far-reaching changes because the customer has told us through a number of focus groups how much they love the brand. So we're being very careful and thoughtful about changes we make, and we're going to keep you posted along the way as we see different things work or not work well. And in summary, I'd say that Williams-Sonoma story is really a story of innovation and execution, and we are making good progress against the initiatives that we outlined. 
Operator: And we'll go next to Kate McShane with Citi. 
Kate McShane: Julie, in drilling down on the guidance in some of your second half commentary that we just heard, can you help us reconcile the guidance of keeping operating margins at 10% to 10.3% yet having to spend more on your international expansion? You didn't change the comparable brand revenue outlook, but do you expect something different from gross margins in the back half? 
Julie Whalen: Yes, thanks, Kate. So a couple of things. First, it's important to remember that we plan to drive continued long-term profitable growth by investing in our business both domestically and globally. It's essential to acknowledge that we are maintaining significant earnings growth while investing in the future to fulfill our vision to double the size of our revenues, and these investments will position us for the next phase of growth. They will strengthen our position as the leader in multi-channel lifestyle brand building in the home furnishing space, and it is the power of our multi-channel operating model that allows us to do this. As far as the factors that I spoke to regarding the guidance, I think the one thing you have to remember is that we did roll through the $40 million on revenue on the top end. And so, obviously, not all of that beat, we believe, is going to be going down to the bottom because of the 4 factors that we outlined in the conference call script. Specifically, we did mention that we do have more upfront costs than originally anticipated for the acceleration of our build-out of our global infrastructure, and that's going to continue to put pressure on our earnings in the back half. Also, you mentioned gross margin, we do see that we're going to have approximately 10% higher gross margin for the rest of the year, which, remember that with the occupancy -- 10% higher occupancy, sorry, with occupancy includes depreciation. So within that number, we are absorbing, if you will, our 2012 capital investments and again, our investments in our accelerated global expansion. From a gross margin perspective, in particular, obviously, we don't guide specifically gross margin, but with a continued promotional environment and an increase in these occupancy costs, we do believe there'll continue to be pressure on the gross margins. But as we have said before, different from other retailers, our operating model with close to 50% of revenue coming from the direct-to-customer channel allows us to flex between margin and advertising cost to drive revenue growth while maintaining our overall operating margin. And our operating margin, remember, at the high end, is equal to our record operating levels that we've had in the past, and our operating income will be the highest it's ever been. Pat, maybe you want to explain further on how we're able to do this with our operating model with the ad cost? 
Pat Connolly: Sure. Kate, I think it's so critical that we understand how we're able to flex this between the ad cost and product promotions. And the reason we're able to do that is really because of our increased marketing effectiveness, which is a key component of the profitability. And just this year, we've applied a new layer of sophisticated statistical modeling and the new automated process that's yielding further improvements in our catalog targeting, really identifying those people who are most likely to buy and curtailing the mailings to unproductive segments. In our new brands like Mark and Graham and West Elm, Rejuvenation and Williams-Sonoma Home catalog relaunch, we've developed a novel modeling strategy to identify more receptive -- the most receptive populations from our massive house file, and that's enabled to take these brands to the next level of growth. But I think as much as we have done and are doing, we see significant future opportunity here in the near future. Early this fall, we'll launch a new personalization platform that, among other things, will allow us to identify and target almost 5x the number of site visitors and deliver personalized content based on what we know about them. This is a big deal. And about half of our site visitors, and this is true for almost all e-commerce sites, are anonymous. We've never seen them before. We are actively using data science techniques to characterize and understand the intent of these visitors, so that we can deliver relevant content even to people who have never been to our site before, and we're making investments in analytics and technologies that are allowing us to identify customers across devices and across brands. This is very important. So we know -- we're going to be able to know what someone did on their iPads, so when they go to their computer, we can deliver them also a very relevant experience. We're very excited about this and believe that these investments are making -- are really -- are going to allow us to increase our lead in this area. 
Operator: And we'll go next to Budd Bugatch with Raymond James. 
TJ McConville: It's actually TJ McConville, filling in for Budd. My question, maybe to Julie, goes just to the third quarter guidance. If we take a look at just the comp brand sales guidance for the quarter, even contemplating the tougher prior year comp in the third quarter last year, still seems like you're looking for some sort of deceleration or moderation. So question is what are you seeing right now that would cause you to do that, and what are the potential upside or downside risks to that outlook? 
Julie Whalen: Okay. I'll take that. So it's important to remember that we are maintaining significant earnings growth while investing for the future to fulfill our vision to double the size of our revenues. Our Q3 guidance actually implies a 10% increase in both the top and bottom line while investing in those future growth opportunities. And remember, per our prepared remarks, our Q3 guidance reflects both the higher-than-originally-anticipated global upfront costs and increased occupancy costs, primarily from depreciation and our ongoing investments. But with that said, we expect our home furnishings brands perform at a high level and that we'll once again deliver record top and bottom line results. Remember we've put out guidance that we believe we will be able to make, there are still questions, question marks around the economy today. We haven't really planned for either an economic downturn nor a housing recovery. And as far as how that Q3 is looking to date, we don't give mid-month, mid-quarter guidance. It's still very early in the quarter. We're only a few weeks in. And unfortunately, what's going to make it an even harder read all year is that because of the 53rd week, the weeks don't actually line up. But with that said, we are confident in our guidance, and we are confident in our strategies. And you just have to keep in mind that the retail environment seems to indicate there's still a lot of uncertainty out there, that the promotional environment has not gone away and that the retail environment in general continues to be choppy, especially with the recent earnings releases in this global unrest, and we just don't want to get ahead of ourselves. 
Operator: And we'll go next to Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs. 
Matthew Fassler: Just kind of a very quick two-parter, really a single question, I think, on Williams-Sonoma. You talked about the outdoor products, seasonal product and its impact on the quarter. How significant was that as it relates to any sales and margin issues you had at Williams-Sonoma? And then, just following through that, obviously, the Williams-Sonoma business hit its stride seasonally in the fourth quarter. So should we assume that the thought process is that whatever that you saw kind of broadly speaking in those pieces of the businesses that you haven't overhauled might persist in Sonoma through Q4? 
Laura Alber: Sure, the outdoor business, we don't quantify that specifically. It contributed. It wasn't the whole thing though, but what's important is that it was the marketing message, right? So even though if you took the numbers, and I were to give them to you, you might say, well that's not that big or that wasn't that negative, the point is that it's the key thing in marketing isn't as strong as you planned, you don't drive as much traffic, right? So that was the learning there. And the truth is in other brands that are performing well, we vary the message more frequently than we did. So we learned from that. And as we look at the balance of the year, we're making sure that we have fresh statements all the time throughout the back half and that we're building on what's working and reducing what's not. As you know, it's very competitive, so I -- to go through specific product launches would probably not make good sense for us to do right now, but we are optimistic about our fourth quarter for Williams-Sonoma and the product that we are going to be offering and the plans for execution that I discussed particularly at retail. 
Operator: And we'll go next to John Marrin with Jefferies. 
John Marrin: So, Laura, just staying with this question about being deliberately more competitive on price. This might be a fire point, but was that something you saw across both channels, both retail and direct, I mean, given the direct margins being so good in the quarter? I'm just curious if there was some pressure there relative within the Williams-Sonoma brand itself. 
Laura Alber: I think here's the most important thing: we're focused on what the customer wants than being relevant. And when you ask customers why they buy, they'll tell you that it's the product they want and it's the price or the value. And people love to buy on sale, even luxury goods, via exclusive family and friends or member-only/sales. I think the retailers who are going to win are the ones that who are going to embrace this. I was very pleased that we're able to grow our new customers this quarter and gain market share. We had, as you know, revenues of 12.3% up compared to the NICS [ph] data of 3.6%, and if you take out Williams-Sonoma's 11.3% versus 3.6%. So it's clear that we are gaining market share. And I actually think we may be getting wallet share because people are spending money on their home. When you buy a new home and you have to furnish the whole new thing, if the price is right and the product is right, you're going to buy it from us. And you may not buy the next sweater that you bought last year. And so the promotional environment is one that we've embraced for a long time. When we are able to deliver record operating margins because of our unique operating model that we've gone over, Julie just went through again, and we can offer these promotions highly targeted to our customer, particularly, more targeted even direct-to-consumer than we can now at retail. And so we actually believe that our promotional strategy is a key strength of ours in bringing the customer in and getting them to buy more from us than from anyone else with a cash register. 
Julie Whalen: And to answer your question regarding gross margins in particular, John, it was product margins, but it was predominantly in the retail channel, so it's less of a DTC conversation, it was actually not just Williams-Sonoma, it was across Pottery Barn as well. So further to Laura's point that we're being competitive on promotions and driving market share growth. We are offering our customers value and driving operating income. 
Operator: And we'll go next to David Gober with Morgan Stanley. 
David Gober: As you spend a lot of time focusing on the enormous opportunity for international, I'm just wondering if you could give us some of the early takeaways from Australia. I know it's super, super early days, but I just wanted to -- I was wondering if you could maybe kind of contextualize the launch relative to what you've seen in the U.S. for some of those -- for the like-for-like concepts or if there's any details that you can give us in terms of how that's gone and building the confidence that, that strategy is going to continue to work long term. 
Laura Alber: Sure. We believe global is our greatest opportunity for growth, and we said we're looking for additional locations. Next, we're going to really -- we're fill out Australia, fill out the United Kingdom. We're also looking for relevant franchise partners. And as I've said, we're pleased with our relationship with Alshaya. We're equally excited to be working with Store Specialists in the Philippines. And while that's a smaller deal, we think it's a great way to get our foot into Asia. The most exciting thing, I think, to your question specifically is that we are seeing a large percent of our sales online, much larger than we expected. It's incredibly powerful for us and plays directly into our strength as a leader in multi-channel retailing. We've also learned that our brands in Australia are revered and loved, and we also learned the importance of a multi-channel launch, the importance of the experiential retail, the attraction of our cooking school, the power of in-home design services and connecting with our customers and that our customer-centered approach is going to resonate in other countries. 
Operator: And we'll go next to Laura Champine with Cannacord. 
Laura Champine: Laura, I heard your comments about Williams-Sonoma's continued turnaround being about product, but what are some of the signposts, whether financial or otherwise, that we can look to over the next 6 to 12 months to see if your strategy there is working? 
Laura Alber: As we said today, we're going to be very direct with you about what parts of the strategy work and don't work just like I told you about outdoor. Our focus right now is on retail and retail profitability and getting the right team in every -- and the right people in every single job, and we've made a lot of progress on that front, and those -- that's the first part of any strategy execution, of course. And we'll just -- on every call, we'll keep updating you along the lines of product, along the lines of different direct-to-consumer and retail operational strategies that work and just be very direct with you. 
Operator: And we'll go next to Peter Benedict with Baird. 
Matthew Larson: It's Matthew Larson on for Peter. I just wanted to bring the conversation back to the international business. Just given the robust sales growth there in the first quarter, can you quantify what impact that had on the top line in the second quarter? And then, just generally speaking, what impact this business has on gross and operating margins of the business right now? 
Julie Whalen: Sure. So you will actually see this come out in the Q, but the revenue for international this quarter is going to come in about $50 million versus last year at about $31 million or $32 million. So again, like Q1, we've seen about a 55-plus percent increase in revenue, which is really exciting for us. We, obviously, are not breaking out in detail how that translates down to bottom line. Obviously, we've mentioned to you today that we are incurring little bit higher than anticipated costs, but I think what's important to remember there is that we're -- when we go into a country, unlike other retailers, we're not just going in with a retail store, we're actually building out an entire fulfillment center. So we're actually going into Australia with full e-commerce capability and delivery. So we've got distribution centers and all the excitement that comes with that, including even if you -- if we enter the U.K. without e-commerce initially, you still have to build out the distribution center capability to do deliveries of sofas different than jeans, for example. So there's a lot of costs that are incurred upfront with that, but I think the most exciting opportunity is the fact that we have got over 55% growth on the top line. 
Operator: And we'll go next to Greg Melich with ISI Group. 
Gregory Melich: I just want to follow up on the top line. The gap between net revenues and comp brands revenue really expanded almost 400 bps this quarter. Was that the calendar shift driving that or is there something else? And I want to follow up on sales again and guidance. 
Julie Whalen: There's a couple of things. Yes, calendar shift is a piece of it because, obviously, comparable puts it back to the comparable week in the prior year, but we also have West Elm that doesn't have stores from last year in the comp base. We've got other businesses that are new and you've got also global. 
Operator: And we'll go next to Christopher Horvers with JPMorgan. 
Mark Becks: It's actually Mark Becks, on for Chris. Just had a question on Williams-Sonoma. Can you give us an update on where you're at with product innovation and exclusive products? I know you've been reluctant to give penetration rates in the past, but maybe you could give kind of some year-over-year growth rates. And then also just in terms of the context of your overall comp brand guidance, what your expectations are for the Williams-Sonoma brand in the back half? 
Laura Alber: I'll tell you that the product innovation each quarter is increasing in quantity over last year as we said it would, but in terms of percentage, it's just so highly competitive, and in terms of specific product launches that we haven't brought in yet, given how competitive it is, I'm sorry, I can't give you that now. I will just say that as you look at Wine Country, as a good example, you'll see that there's both product innovation on the durables, but also we're using lifestyle storytelling more in the Williams-Sonoma brand than we had before. It's something that we've learned how to do very well in our Pottery Barn brands and our West Elm brand, but really wrapping the seasonal layer around a theme that resonates with our customer. And so that, in addition to the product innovation, continues to strengthen through the back half of the year. 
Operator: And we'll take our final question from Neely Tamminga with Piper Jaffray. 
Neely Tamminga: Laura, can we talk a little bit about West Elm? I would love to hear from your perspective. Clearly, this brand has been -- continue to exceed expectations. And it sounds like the social media footprint is obviously exceeding that at square footage footprint at this point in time. Just wondering how you feel about the ultimate size of this business especially as direct sounds like it's a significant portion of their overall sales maybe relative to some of your other brands. And just one little follow-up question for Pat. Would love to hear from you guys, as you drive towards customization, are you already at the point of being able to do dynamic pricing through targeted promos on the unique user level or you're still batching that out? 
Laura Alber: Thank you. West Elm is such an exciting growth story. And across the country, we are seeing strong response to the brand's high design, its authenticity and the craft that it brings to the customers. We also have seen success in expansion, particularly in our furniture collections, you should see this fall the expanded sofa collection, and there's opportunities like that in other categories throughout West Elm. Another strength is our decorator palette, which is helping our customers refresh rooms each season with pillows, throws, decorative accessories and flooring. As for the ultimate size, we said $1 billion. Could it be bigger? Given the size of Pottery Barn, you would say yes. I think the question remains how many stores can you have in each market and what is the right amount, and that's -- we're going to continue to open these stores and measure carefully the impact on where we have multi-store markets and let that show us the way. But nice growth in both direct and in retail and in comp. There's still room for margin expansion in that brand, and we continue to push, as I've said, on expansion and category, dimensional size and in authentic design. Pat, do you want to answer? 
Pat Connolly: Sure. And Neely, thanks. We're very excited about the customization. I think the whole area of being able to identify so many of our customers when they come to the site. And remember, we're going to be able to identify customer from 1 of 500 million to 700 million visitors and serve a personalized content to them on the web page in 1/31,000 of a second second. So technically, that's a pretty big achievement. Not many -- we don't know of any other retailer who -- conventional retailer who's been able to do that. We don't change the price in the moment based on the customer who happen to come to the site. I mean we do promotions, and we do look at prices across the web on a regular basis and adjust ours to be competitive, but we're not looking at them in the moment and saying, okay, for one customer, it's going to be a different price than another, if that's what you meant by dynamic pricing. 
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I'll now turn the call back to Ms. Alber for any additional or closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: Well, thank you all for joining us this afternoon. We really do appreciate your time and your continued support, and we will speak to you again next quarter. 
Operator: Thank you, everyone. That does conclude our conference call for today. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma Inc. First Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. 
 I would now like to turn the call over to Steve Nelson, Vice President of Investor Relations, to discuss non-GAAP measures and forward-looking statements. Please go ahead. 
Stephen Nelson: Good afternoon. This call should be considered in conjunction with the press releases that we issued earlier today. Our earnings press release and this call contain non-GAAP financial measures that exclude the impact of unusual business events. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and an explanation of why these non-GAAP financial measures are useful are discussed in our earnings release. 
 This call also contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which addresses the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, trends, guidance, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2013 and beyond, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company's current press releases and SEC filings, including the most recent 10-K, for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call. 
 I will now turn the conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer, to discuss our first quarter 2013 results and our outlook for the remainder of fiscal year 2013. 
Laura Alber: Thank you, Steve. Good afternoon, and thank you, all, for joining us. With me today are Julie Whalen, our Chief Financial Officer; and Pat Connolly, our Chief Marketing Officer. 
 In March, we reiterated our strategic long-term initiatives to grow our existing brands, launch new businesses and expand globally. We also communicated that we will drive profitability by investing in our supply chain and in the technology supporting all of these initiatives to further enhance our leading multichannel business. 
 I am happy to report that in the first quarter, we made progress against all of these objectives, particularly with respect to global expansion. We are most excited that we opened our first company-owned retail locations and fully transactional e-commerce sites in Australia. We also continue the expansion of our franchise operations in the Middle East. Looking forward, we will further expand our retail footprint in Australia, with an additional West Elm location in Melbourne later this year. And as announced today, we are extending our global footprint into the United Kingdom with the opening of our first West Elm store in London. 
 As we have discussed, we are taking a very disciplined approach to our global expansion. We know that attractive real estate economics are critical to the profitability levels we are committed to achieving. Our team has made great progress finding locations that meet our criteria earlier than expected, as we had not previously anticipated being able to open stores in Melbourne and London in fiscal 2013. 
 Last week, I was in Australia following our store openings, and we have been literally overwhelmed by the initial response to our brands, and are pleased with the sales at both our retail stores and our e-commerce sites. Most importantly, the execution of our launch in Australia exemplifies the competitive advantages of our multi-brand, multichannel model, and the strength of our team. 
 From our global strategy team to our merchants, inventory planners, supply chain experts and our information technology team, I am so proud of what we have accomplished. The simultaneous launch of our 4 new retail stores in the Bondi Junction suburbs of Sydney, together with our 4 branded e-commerce sites with fulfillment operations in-country, is a significant milestone in our global expansion strategy. 
 Also in the first quarter, we achieved our supply chain objective, including the further in-sourcing of our foreign agent structure throughout Asia, and we are on track with our DC consolidation. 
 In addition, during the first quarter, we continued our investments across a number of initiatives that leverage the Internet and our e-commerce platform to enhance the customer experience across all channels. Specifically, we relaunched our Williams-Sonoma registry, which features significantly improved usability and integration with the e-commerce site. We also implemented several enhancements that improved the customer experience and drive increases in revenue per visitor across all of our brands. 
 And now I would like to provide additional detail on our performance in the first quarter. We delivered non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.41, a 21% increase over a year ago. Net revenue growth for the first quarter was 8.6%, with comparable brand revenue growth of 7.2%. The revenue mix by channel was 47% for the direct channel and 53% for the retail channel. All brands had positive comparable brand revenue growth in the quarter. We believe that we continue to take market share and are positioned for further growth in our category. Our primary focus is on our customer, and these top and bottom line results demonstrate our ability to successfully operate in a retail environment that continues to be promotional. 
 I would now like to update you on Pottery Barn, our largest brand, which represents approximately 43% of our business on an annual basis. In the first quarter, Pottery Barn comparable brand revenues increased 7.6%. Our mission is to turn our customer's houses into dream homes. We are focused on product innovation, and we saw particular strength in furnitures, textiles and tabletops in the first quarter. Prints and pattern collections are both a core strength and a hallmark of the brand, and expanded aesthetic in outdoor contributed to strong performance. We continue to increase our in-home design services, which deepen relationships with our customers. 
 At we enter the second quarter, we are inspired by our fall assortments and the marketing we have planned to support these collections. We are committed to providing an exceptional customer experience across all channels, and we continue to expand our retail experience and our focus on driving increased profits with our upcoming store openings and remodels. We will continue to offer our customers home furnishings that are exceptional in comfort, quality, style and value and deliver an unparalleled customer experience, and elevate our service levels at every touch point.
 Pottery Barn Kids comparable brand revenue grew by 6.9% in the first quarter. Performance in the brand was driven by a positive merchandise response and a stronger in-stock position. We are particularly pleased with our furniture, nursery and seasonal businesses. We've also seen a very favorable response to our bedding collections, featuring prints and patterns that remain relevant to children as they grow up. 
 In the second quarter and through the balance of the year, we'll continue to focus on those initiatives that are driving customer acquisition, customer engagement and strong multichannel growth. These include delivering an exceptional personalized customer experience in all channels and enhancing our connection with our customers through social media. 
 In the second quarter, we'll launch our biggest ever back-to-school gear assortment, with a compelling offering of backpacks and lunch for kids of all ages and stages. We'll also launch our fall collection for kid and baby, with new and exciting bedding, furniture and decorating solutions for kid space. 
 I would now like to talk about PBteen. PBteen comparable brand revenue increased 16.1% in the first quarter. We have strengthened our furniture business and our textiles, between bright, preppy and graphic designs. As we look forward to the second quarter and the rest of the year, we are focused on delivering innovative products that allow teens to express their own unique style. We are excited about the broadening [indiscernible] and PB Dorm launches. In addition, we'll be expanding our partnership with Burton, adding new collections and building on the excellent results we experienced last fall. 
 Connecting with our customers in new and exciting retail experiences, such as design centers and pop-up stores, continues to be a key strategy for PBteen, and we are thrilled to be opening our Thousand Oaks, California pop-up store in early June. This will bring the total number of stores featuring PBteen merchandise to 12.
 I would now like to discuss the Williams-Sonoma brand, which represents approximately 24% of total net revenues on an annual basis. In the first quarter, comparable brand revenues increased 1.9%, a significant improvement over 2012. Comparable brand revenues include both Williams-Sonoma and Williams-Sonoma Home, of which Williams-Sonoma Home represented 30 basis points of this increase. Product innovation, marketing and customer engagement drove the results in cookware, electrics and tabletop in the first quarter. The first of a series of new product introductions contributed to these results. We're encouraged, as our strategies are taking effect. 
 We're also continuing to go after new business opportunities in the direct channel. We took steps this quarter to strengthen our product offering and our lifestyle marketing around Agrarian and Williams-Sonoma Home. Stand-alone catalogs were mailed for each of these businesses, and they received a strong consumer response. 
 In the retail channel, our first store in Australia opened and features a cooking school. This school has been met with great consumer response and marks the beginning of a new customer engagement program, which we believe could be a significant opportunity. Our vision is to be the preeminent resource for the cooking and entertaining enthusiasts. We are committed to establishing a distinctive, consistent and more relevant voice that speaks to this customer, and to continue to introduce new and exclusive product offerings. 
 We will leverage our authority through our marketing and in-store sales expertise, to increase sales to our existing customers and attract new ones. The promotional landscape persists, and we are focused on executing against our initiatives that are driving the business today. We continue to identify significant execution and marketing opportunities throughout the brand, but particularly in the retail channel. 
 Finally, I would like to discuss West Elm. West Elm delivered record revenue and profitability in the first quarter. Comparable brand revenues also had a double-digit increase for the 13th quarter in a row, growing 11.8% on top of 22.1% last year, with total brand revenue growing 18.3%. Brand growth continues to be driven out of all categories, including furniture, textiles, decorative accessories and lighting. 
 From products that mixes material to make a statement to simple and sophisticated pieces, from whimsical wears found in your local market to rich textiles found in the global souk, from multifunctional solutions to everyday basics and from designer collaborations to item color runs, West Elm is providing a broad palette of products that reflects our customers' varied tastes. As we continue to expand these assortments into new areas, including West Elm market, we see a positive response from both our core customers and new customers. West Elm Market is currently available online, in 2 freestanding locations in New York and Vancouver, and in 18 shop-in-shops in West Elm stores across the country. 
 We also continue to focus on the seamless customer experience, aligning promotional activity, seasonal instructions and key marketing statements on and off-line through e-commerce, catalog and in-store activities. As mobile engagement increases, our additive efforts in social communities continue to be more localized and store specific. In-store, we continue to focus on an engaging customer experience with locally relevant visual display, assortment, workshops, classes and events. 
 In addition, the brand service offering continues to expand. Customers can now partner with our home stylists on design projects in any of our West Elm locations. All of these efforts continue to accelerate sales, customer acquisition and deepen our relationship with our customers. As we look forward to the rest of 2013 and beyond, our strategy is to continue to profitably grow the West Elm brand by engaging with and attracting a broader base of customers, while maintaining a compelling value proposition. 
 We'll also continue to aggressively seek retail expansion opportunities worldwide. We have plans to open 11 West Elm stores this year, which include our first location in French-speaking Canada in the Griffintown neighborhood of Montreal, our Melbourne location and our recently opened Sydney store. And today, we're excited to announce that we recently signed a lease on Tottenham Court Road in London. The London location will be our first West Elm in the U.K., marking our continued steps in the brand's global expansion strategy. It is now expected to open in late 2013.
 We believe all of these initiatives will continue to differentiate West Elm in the marketplace, and allow us to capture additional wallet share and drive growth in this brand. We're confident in achieving our goal of building West Elm into a billion-dollar brand. 
 Another key initiative for the company is new business development. We're investing in our brand extensions, West Elm Market, Williams-Sonoma Home, Agrarian, PB Dorm, as well as making improvements in product line and marketing in Rejuvenation and our newest launch, Mark and Graham. While these businesses are small, we continue to see growth and long-term opportunity in all of them. 
 Now I will turn the call over to Julie to discuss our financial results and the outlook for the balance of the year. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon. We are very pleased with our first quarter results and the outperformance we saw on both the top and bottom line compared to our expectations for the quarter. Let me begin with our first quarter results. 
 For the first quarter, net revenues increased 8.6% to a first quarter record of $888 million, with comparable brand revenues increasing 7.2%. All brands had positive comparable brand revenue growth, including Williams-Sonoma at 1.9%. Net revenues in our direct-to-customer channel grew 11.9%, driven by high-teen growth in e-commerce, which represents over 91% of our total direct-to-customer revenues. And our retail channel revenues increased 5.8%. 
 Q1 2013 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share grew 21% to $0.41 from $0.34 last year. Gross margin during the quarter was 37.6% versus 37.8% last year. This 20-basis-point decrease resulted from lower selling margins, partially offset by occupancy leverage. Occupancy leveraged 30 basis points, with occupancy costs at $133 million in Q1 2013 versus $125 million in Q1 2012. 
 While our gross margin slightly decreased versus last year, non-GAAP SG&A improved to 30.1% in Q1 2013 versus 30.9% in Q1 2012, primarily driven by lower advertising costs, resulting in a first quarter non-GAAP operating margin of 7.5%, which exceeded last year's record operating margin by 60 basis points. This improvement in operating margin was driven by a 210-basis-point increase in the direct-to-customer channel from 20.8% last year to 22.9%, and was partially offset by a 50-basis-point decrease in the retail channel to 7.3% and a 30-basis-point increase in corporate unallocated expenses. 
 The improvement in the direct-to-customer channel operating margin was across all brands, and was primarily driven by greater advertising leverage and improved selling margins. The decrease in the retail channel operating margin was primarily due to lower selling margins and the upfront investment costs associated with entering into our new global retail locations in Australia that opened at the end of the quarter, partially offset by lower employment-related costs. Increase in corporate unallocated expenses was primarily driven by higher employment-related costs as we invest in top talent to drive growth. 
 From a balance sheet perspective, merchandise inventories increased $75 million or 12.8% to $662 million. This inventory level reflects our stated goal to improve our in-stock inventory positions, to drive sales and to support our growth initiatives. The largest increase in merchandise inventories was in West Elm. 
 Cash at the end of the quarter was $253 million versus $376 million last year. Over the past year, while generating $325 million in operating cash flow, we returned $222 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, including $63 million in cash to our shareholders this quarter alone, through $41 million in share repurchases and $22 million in dividends. 
 I would now like to discuss our Q2 and fiscal year 2013 guidance. We are on track for 2013 to be another year of record revenues and earnings, while at the same time, investing in our future growth. For Q2 2013, we expect to grow net revenues to a range of $920 million to $940 million, with comparable brand revenue growth in the range of 4% to 6%. Diluted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $0.43 to $0.46, and we expect our operating margin to be slightly below last year's rate. 
 Our Q2 operating margin this year is partially impacted by the timing of expenses related to the 53rd week calendar shift, the financial impact on the quarter from our capital investments in 2012 and our investments in our accelerated global expansion associated with our new West Elm locations in Melbourne and London that are not expected to open until late 2013. 
 For the full year, we are raising our revenue and diluted earnings per share as a result of the outperformance we saw in the first quarter. As a result, we now expect to grow net revenues to a range of $4.22 billion to $4.3 billion, with comparable brand revenue growth in the range of 4% to 6%, and we now expect fiscal 2013 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share growth at the high end of the range. This revised diluted earnings per share guidance raises the range by $0.02 after including the impact of a financial investment in our accelerated global expansion. 
 From a capital allocation perspective, consistent with our March discussion, we plan to make capital investments in the range of $200 million to $220 million as we continue to invest in our long-term initiatives. We will also return capital to shareholders under our 3-year $750 million share repurchase authorization and our recently increased quarterly dividend of $0.31 per share. 
 We are confident that the strength of our brands, combined with our strategic long-term growth initiatives, will allow us to meet our long-term commitments to our shareholders for future growth and shareholder returns. 
 I would now like to open the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from John Marrin with Jefferies. 
John Marrin: I was hoping, Laura, if you could spend a little more time talking about the Pottery Barn comp. You had a nice sequential acceleration there both on 1 and 2 year. I know you gave us some color before. I was hoping you could tell us like what it was that was driving the strength in furniture and tabletop and why you did so well in outdoor. 
Laura Alber: Yes, I mean, the outdoor business is very strong for us and it's particularly encouraging, given that I know it hasn't even warmed up in many parts of the country yet. And so we can see that we're clearly taking share there. We offered more styles this year and also built new SKUs on additional successful styles in outdoor and our home furnishings, outdoor [indiscernible] are really popular this year with our customers. And in the indoor business, we continue to build a lifestyle vision for our customers that allows them to decorate and see their whole room come together. And the furniture business, which is the real foundation of the brand, is very strong across both upholstery, but also the other rooms of the house. And we know that customers -- people out there love their homes. And we're not sure whether there is truly a housing recovery that's going to be sustainable yet, but we are seeing that they are spending money to redecorate. And we are speaking to them in a relevant voice, and we're using all of our channels to make it easier for them to come to us and decorate whole rooms, including whole houses. So I'm very encouraged by what we're seeing in our largest brand, and that it continues to grow stronger than the home furnishings industry, clearly, taking share and a very powerful brand. As we went overseas, and I told you I was just in Australia, it was just really amazing to hear how much familiarity there was around our brands and, in particular, Pottery Barn. And people were so excited to come and touch and feel it, and also experience this high service level that we offer that is really not something that they've ever seen before in their country. So I'm confident in the domestic strategy, but I'm also just very excited about the global opportunity for the Pottery Barn brand. 
John Marrin: And one quick follow-up for Pat. Direct had another great quarter, and Laura seemed pretty pleased with the direct growth at the Williams-Sonoma brand. Can you just talk about the factors that are driving sales in that band, in particular, online, and maybe touch a bit on how it's doing relative to that 12% for the total company? 
Pat Connolly: The Williams-Sonoma brand just did very well in the first quarter, John, and we're just executing very well there. We've made a number of improvements to the site. Actually, we've made a number of improvements to all of the sites, I might add, and that's what drove the high teen -- that's really what drove the high-teen sales. I'm just really pleased with our DTC business. And 23%, I think we're -- which is a record, I think we're the most profitable e-commerce company in America. And at the same time, we grew from #25 up to #22 in the Internet retailer ranks and had the 19th highest growth rate. I think Williams-Sonoma and all the other bands have benefited from very efficient e-marketing. We're very disciplined. Our vendors that we work with say we're one of the more disciplined, or maybe the most disciplined that they work with. And we made some progress really in improving revenue per visitor. This is in Williams-Sonoma and in our other brands. It's a key metric that we look at. We drive quality traffic to the site. And then we've made enhancements in 3 areas: one is search, the second is content management, and the third was shop path enhancements. And these are investments we started making last year when we talked about our e-commerce investment. And our web analytics team has been working with the brands, and those have come to fruition. A lot times, people talk about basis point increases they're getting from their investments. We're getting percentage point increases, so I'm really proud of that. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Peter Benedict with Robert W. Baird. 
Peter Benedict: Just -- I think, Julie, you said the second quarter EBIT margin is going to be hurt by the timing of some expenses, I guess, related to calendar shift with last year's 53rd week. I'm just curious, did the first quarter benefit from that shift? And if so, by how much? 
Julie Whalen: No, it's actually a shift coming out of Q3. So there'll be expenses moving into Q2 that would have normally been in Q3. So no, Q1 did not benefit from that, and we're not quantifying it. 
Peter Benedict: Okay. No, that's helpful. And I mean, look, you guys beat the high end of your range in terms of earnings by about $0.05, and you raised the full year high end by $0.02 so you've got that net of $0.03. Are we to understand that, that $0.03, is that the accelerated global expansion, the costs related to that? Or are there other changes kind of to the balance of the year that we need to be aware of? 
Julie Whalen: Look, we're very pleased with our Q1 results. But you have to remember that it's only the first quarter, and it's very early in the year. And what we have seen is that the retail environment out there continues to be choppy, and we just don't want to get ahead of ourselves. Additionally, we have so many new opportunities ahead of us, particularly in global, which, in the short term, put pressure on earnings, as you guys know. So for example, we announced today the acceleration of our global expansion, where we're entering a new country, the United Kingdom, and expanding our reach within Australia, both of which will not be opening until late 2013. And there could be more of these opportunities this year. With that said, we do feel confident in our 2013 outlook and, therefore, have raised the fiscal year guidance by $0.02, which at the high end, represents low double-digit EPS growth at 10%, consistent with our 3-year outlook. And given the initial response that Laura spoke to, and of all our brands in Australia, this really reinforces our belief and the worldwide opportunity we have to double our business and gives us further confidence in our 3-year outlook. And we just couldn't be more excited. 
Peter Benedict: Fair enough, totally understand it. One more, if I could, just on capital allocation. If you look at your 3-year plans for buyback and the dividend, it does look like you'd probably have to dip into the cash balance and/or go into the revolver. Can you just talk about your willingness to take down some of the cash balance, how low would you be willing to go, and then if you would be willing to go into that revolver balance? 
Julie Whalen: Sure. I think -- thanks for the question. There's a couple of things I want to make sure that everybody gets on the call. First, the thing -- first, you'll see that we're actually at $250 million in this quarter, and that's where we relatively expected to be. And we'll continue to dip into the balance throughout the year, especially with Q3 is typically our lowest cash level. Q4, as you guys know, is about 50% of our earnings, so the cash comes back into Q4. So we will not be holding around $300 million throughout the year. It'll be below that. With that said, the $300 million is a target at which anything above that, we believe, should not be accumulated. It should be returned to the shareholders. So the $300 million, there's no magic to that number. It's basically the double where our line of credit effectively is. And so if we need to be below that, if we need to be at $200 million, we'll do that. With that said, if we need to use the line of credit, we would also use that as well. But first and foremost, we're going to fund the business, and we're going to make the right decisions for the business and continue to return cash to our shareholders through share repurchases. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the next question comes from David Gober with Morgan Stanley. 
David Gober: Just wanted to touch on gross margins for a second. I was wondering if you could dig a little bit into either the drivers of the March margin declines or -- I know, Pat, you've talked in the past about some of the trade-offs between promotions like free shipping that might reduce the March margins but help you save on SG&A costs. Is that what you're seeing in the business? Is that why advertising costs are down in the quarter? 
Laura Alber: I'm going to let Julie start that, and then I'm going to add a few comments about the environment. 
Julie Whalen: Dave, it's Julie. So yes, our gross margin, as you see, is 20 basis points down. It's primarily due to lower selling margins in the retail channel, and that was partially offset by occupancy leverage. I think one of the key things to know is that in the DTC channel, product margins, selling margins, which also includes shipping, and gross margins, which also includes occupancy, were all improved year-over-year, and substantially on a sequential basis from Q4. But as we want everyone to remember, we have, and I think we spoke to you about it, we have a different model than most retailers. As a multichannel retailer with a DTC business that's almost 50%, this allows us to leverage our SG&A such that, for example, our slight deleverage in gross margin this quarter was more than offset by our 80-basis-point SG&A leverage, resulting in a record Q1 operating margin of 7.5%, which was 60 basis points better than last year's record operating margin. Laura, do you want to provide more color on what drove that? 
Laura Alber: Well, I just -- I want to comment on the promotional environment out there. We have continued to say that we are prepared to compete on price, and we have set ourselves up to do that well, both through our history of having a large direct business but also planning promotions and planning -- and using all of our digital expertise to be able to drive more business online, which is the more profitable channel. But when you go out there, there's broad-based discounting, both in the specialty retailers who are direct competitors with us, and you can see, particularly this weekend, Memorial Day, broad-based discounts, and then also, of course, in the department stores. And we know that we are positioned to take market share and also to drive really profitable sales. There are others out there that drive sales, but they're not nearly as profitable as ours. And our -- the strength and the health of our business gives us confidence in our strategy this summer and also into the fall. We are building on the categories that are working, and we're seeing the results happen in each and every one of our brands. 
David Gober: That's really helpful color. And Laura, just if I could have a follow-up about the environment. We've heard from a number of different retailers across various different categories that the quarter started off slow, improved throughout the quarter and, as you noted, as the weather warmed up, maybe there are some weather-sensitive categories that have benefited. Are you seeing that as well? And I guess, is there anything that would give you pause, that the momentum in the business that you're seeing today isn't going to follow through for the rest of the year? 
Laura Alber: [indiscernible] weather. So I mean, I guess, we're very lucky that our business isn't as seasonal and you don't wear your house, so the weather doesn't affect what you buy for as much. You generally don't change it seasonally, other than buying outdoor furniture in the summer. So the weather effects is when there's natural disaster, but it doesn't affect us -- the heat and the cold doesn't affect us as much. In terms of cadence through the quarter, we don't generally like comment on that. We try to be as long term as we can. And we just see -- we see a strong business in our brands, and we see a very competitive marketplace externally, where there's a lot of people competing on price. And the retailers who are going to do well are the ones who are going to have innovative products that are well priced and if the service is high touch. I know that the customer is really responding to all the things that we're doing in our stores, and there's a great appetite for experiential retail. And so in each and every one of our brands, we have a different version of that, and we think that, that is a huge competitive differentiator. 
Operator: And the next question comes from Laura Champine with Cannacord Genuity. 
Laura Champine: Could you comment on the impact on margins of in-sourcing some of that business that you import, and then also the impact on margins of shipping promotions? 
Julie Whalen: Okay, I'll take the agents. And then, Laura, you want to take the shipping promotions? So in-sourcing the agents is a huge initiative for us, as you know. It's still probably too early to really see that in the numbers, other than the fact that our return rates are now consistently lower than they've been in the past. But we're going to continue to see benefit from this initiative. They're only, I call it, maybe halfway through completing this whole process of in-sourcing all of our agents, so there's still more to come. But I think one of the biggest benefits is going to be the fact that they're going to be in the factories much more regularly. They're going to be our employees, and they're going to be able to do everything from ensuring that we're picking the right raw materials, we're negotiating the right price, we're making sure that the damages are found early on in the process before it gets all the way shipped back out to us at our DCs. And so we think this is a huge advantage. 
Laura Alber: Yes. And then on shipping, the customers are very smart and they're always looking at the total price offered, including shipping. And other retailers sometimes embed the shipping in the retail price. And generally speaking, their product price is higher than ours. The customers come to us for a complete value and they expect that, and they love when they receive great service on furniture deliveries. And what we have done is we've really spent the last 10 years perfecting our in-home delivery, and it's a key advantage to us. I mean, we actually completed over 750,000 over-the-threshold item deliveries last year, and we don't think any of our competitors can do this as efficiently as we can. 
Operator: And the next question comes from Daniel Hofkin with William Blair. 
Daniel Hofkin: Just, I guess, following up a little bit on Williams-Sonoma between direct and retail. Maybe, I don't know, you touched on it a little bit last quarter, but talk about what you see as some the biggest opportunities to particularly improve either service levels or content within the stores. And a slight follow-on to that as it relates to the online penetration within the Sonoma brand. As I recall, that is below -- maybe noticeably below your corporate average. Where do you think that could get to over time? Do you see that as an opportunity to increase the online percentage within the Sonoma brand? 
Laura Alber: Thanks for the question, Daniel. We see opportunity both online and in retail, and we're confident in the future of this brand. And you are going to see gradual and incremental improvement. One of the most exciting highlights of the first quarter was the great response that we got for the new collection of Williams-Sonoma Home goods. And we brought in 3 new collections that we mailed a larger format catalog to great response, which we can measure and see that, based on the mailing we did, we have more opportunity. And we -- in fact, we just put back on press the same catalog and would be remailing it to a new group of customers this month. It's really a growth vehicle because high-end home is white space in the marketplace. And when you think about all of our brands across demographics, we have Pottery Barn upper middle, we have West Elm more entry. And there's room for us at the high end. In the cooking business, we've seen strength continue in electrics and tabletop. But we're particularly pleased to see the strength in cookware this quarter. And there are other categories where we still have a lot of opportunity, so we're working hard on cook's tools and food. Another online opportunity has been our Agrarian launch. And bringing new customers to this brand is very important, and the Agrarian product is very relevant. And we sent a stand-alone catalog this season for that, and it also exceeded our expectations. In our stores, we mentioned how important we believe experiential retail is. And the cooking school in Australia represents, we think, a pretty good opportunity for us, both domestic and internationally. We think we probably really have something there. The response to it was quite strong. In fact, I just learned today that we had to open up our August classes already because we're sold out in Australia. And our first expectations were that we'd only fill about 30% of the classes and it would be an experimental lab. And we've seen just incredible response. So that is something that -- it's early. We're talking about how do we bring that to our stores in the United States and whether we test it in a few here. And then also if we don't do it in full form like we did in Australia, with a full cooking school, how we can replicate what we're doing there, because there's such a huge appetite for it. In Australia, it's interesting. As many of you know, it's a big food culture. There's a lot of chefs there and a lot of -- there are a lot of other cooking schools. And so it's not that it's a completely open market, it's that what we are doing is so appealing and differentiated. 
Daniel Hofkin: That's great. And then if I could just -- if you look in the U.S., excluding West Elm, which is clearly adding footage, what do you see for the 2 larger brands in aggregate going forward? I know you're selectively relocating and whatnot, but just in aggregate for Sonoma and Pottery Barn. 
Laura Alber: We see great runway in our core brands domestically, and it's not -- we are actually looking at the digital opportunity and realizing how many stores we would have had to build to get the same sales. And it's just -- we see opportunity both in product lines, brand extensions, as we've talked about, but dimensional extensions, size of the furniture, aesthetics. And some of the businesses there are not very well known. There's opportunity to do a better job, to move the customers along life stages better, and that's something we're always working on and looking at how do we use our house file and our data analytics to even more specifically target and personalize communication. And that's one of the key drivers of our digital strategy. So we don't count it by stores. We think about the opportunity to furnish people's homes and teach them how to cook and entertain. 
Operator: And the next question comes from Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs. 
Matthew Fassler: I'd like to ask a quick question sort of related to macro and sales drivers. I know you get some questions on the economy and the cadence of business. I guess my question relates to what you saw in terms of ticket and traffic, both online and in-store, and how the interplay between those factors drove the comp, if that interplay was any different from what you've seen in recent quarters? And related to that, to what degree you could trace some of the pickup in sales to some of the explicitly housing-sensitive businesses, or businesses that tend to do well when the housing market is particularly robust? 
Laura Alber: Sure. We don't generally comment on ticket and traffic, I apologize for that. On the macro, there's a lot of mix reports out there, and you can read anything you want. But consumer confidence is good. Housing indicators have been favorable. Employment for the most part is better. But there's mix reports on other retailers, and I was surprised to see how low the government home furnishings numbers were. I think the real question for us is, is the housing recovery going to be sustainable? But as I said before, we're focused on taking market share regardless of the economy. And we're focused on relevant product for renovations and people who move. We know that you spend more money on your house in the 18 months after you move than any other time. And so while we don't have a housing recovery baked into our numbers, it certainly would be good for us. We realize also that when you first buy a house, you probably don't buy the furniture until you remodel it. So there's a different life cycle on how it could benefit our business than, you could say, a Home Depot. So you'd imagine that you might see a natural lag. But we are seeing some nice lift in some categories that, I believe, are based on people being very interested in their homes again. Whether they're moving or not, it's time to get some new stuff in your home after a period when, I think, people didn't feel comfortable spending money on their homes. We're going to be right there for them with relevant assortments. 
Matthew Fassler: Got it. That's great. And a quick follow-up for Julia, if I could. You're actually now seeing, I think, faster footage growth, still modest, but faster footage growth than you've had in the business in aggregate for a while, such that modeling the productivity of that space is actually going to be a little more important for thinking about the sales trajectory of the business. As we think about -- and most of that unit growth, I guess, is coming from West Elm. So if we think about the productivity of a West Elm store versus the stores that you're closing, which are, I guess, largely Williams-Sonoma, how should we think about the relative productivity of those units, just for modeling purposes? 
Julie Whalen: We obviously don't give out our hurdle rates, but I can say they're very high. As far as your correlation to the increase in square footage, that's correct. I mean, it's around 2% this quarter, but that's not where we expect to land necessarily at the end of the year. And that is due to the West Elm brand. And as we've said many times, given the success of that brand, that if we can open up more real estate locations, we will. 
Operator: And next will be Brad Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Bradley Thomas: Wanted to ask another follow-up on the international side of things. The company has obviously been very deliberate with the steps over the last few years that it's taken to lay the groundwork for this international growth, and it sounds like you're pleased with the initial results in Sydney. But could you just remind us what the overall P&L impact is going to be from these investments in international? It seems like that's primarily on the expense side of the equation. And as we look forward, I mean, what are the return metrics that you hope to see? You may not give out a rate, but what kind of time frame would you hope to start getting a payback on these international investments? 
Julie Whalen: This is Julie. We obviously have decided not to give out the amount of our investments by quarter, by year anymore. We're now a growth company for sure, and we're going to be having investments in our base and going forward. With that said, clearly, especially with retail global expansion, you obviously have costs ahead of the sales. And so initially, as what happened with Australia, you have anything from rent, which hits gross margins. You have payroll, hiring individuals ahead of time, which is SG&A. You've got advertising, et cetera, that hits SG&A. So it sort of hits across the board and then you, so to speak, turn the lights on and have sales that come through. So there's a ramp that has to occur as you start to roll out these international locations. And keep in mind, obviously, 4 stores isn't going to move the needle on a $4.5 billion company. So it's incremental. And over time, you'll start to see the results as each and every one of these stores and e-commerce starts to layer on top of one another. And so that's why we have said, within our 3-year outlook, especially the outer year, that you start to see that momentum. 
Operator: And next question comes from Gary Balter with Credit Suisse. 
Simeon Gutman: It's Simeon Gutman for Gary. A quick question on SG&A, which looked pretty well-managed, especially considering some of the international growth. Can you talk to if that's more a function of some of the positive channel shifts that are happening in the business or there's also some more efficiency on the core business? 
Julie Whalen: I would say it's both. It's certainly the fact that we had more sales on the DTC side. We get incredible leverage, clearly, from that, but we definitely have lower advertising costs. And we have strong financial disciplines in place to manage our costs, so that's where it's coming through. 
Simeon Gutman: Okay. And then a follow-up on inventory growth. When does or when should the inventory growth become in line with sales? Or I guess, in other words, when should we start to cycle the higher in-stock levels that's been part of the strategic plan? 
Julie Whalen: Yes, I think one of the key things to make sure that you're aware is, yes, merchandise inventories are up 12.8%. But we've got inventory that we're building for global expansion, new stores and new businesses. So actually, if you exclude that, inventory is in line with sales growth. And other important piece is that, due to the timing of receipts, a substantial portion of this inventory increase is currently in transit and, therefore, will be available to support our future sales growth, which we feel great about, given we've learned that being in-stock is critical to our sales growth. So the overall health of our inventory is good. I would say it's in line with our sales growth, and so you may not see it that way at the end because we've got all these additional new businesses and global expansion that we're building up for. 
Operator: Moving on to David Magee with SunTrust. 
David Magee: I guess I want to ask a question about the international expansion. When you opened the stores and you opened sort of the DTC effort at the same time, I'm curious as you go forward, will you be able to have as much intelligence about where to put stores as you have domestically over time, where you've had sort of the DTC before the stores opened? 
Laura Alber: It's a great question. We really believe in going into market with both channels, and that is what we did. The power of going in with all 4 brands in 1 building and the fully integrated e-commerce platform was really something we want to replicate as we go further. With that said, oftentimes, you can't find them together. And so we used a bunch of different qualifiers to identify Australia. And it was a combination of cultural similarities, i.e., gift giving, larger homes, food culture, entertainers. And then, of course, it's easier to do business since it's English-speaking, so Australia and U.K. make sense as primary markets. And we see a vision of multichannel business with beacon stores, and a real opportunity to change the way people think about decorating their homes and entertaining. 
Operator: And next question is from Joe Feldman with Telsey Advisory Group. 
Joseph Feldman: I wanted to go ask another question about international. I was curious, especially like in the London launch, that you would go with West Elm to start it off as opposed to, say, a Pottery Barn or the core William-Sonoma brand. And I was curious as to maybe what was behind that decision, especially given that West Elm has so much more potential here in the U.S. still. 
Laura Alber: We want to do all of it. That particular location we thought was best suited for West Elm, but we're actively seeking locations for Pottery Barn and Kids. And West Elm has a great appeal to urban people, and it's a very global brand. It's doing quite well in Australia. Despite the fact they knew Pottery Barn better as a brand, they love West Elm. So we think they both have great runway, so I wouldn't read too much into that. 
Joseph Feldman: Okay, got it. And then just to stay on the real estate theme. I guess, coming off of the big recon event from ICSC, any trends that you guys kind of picked up on there? I mean, are you seeing rents going up a little? Are you still seeing good availability of space for your concepts, and just on the real estate side, closure opportunities, things like that? 
Laura Alber: We have a very rigorous process of retail real estate review. The A locations have always been really tight. There's not a lot of room in them ever, and that's where we tend to be. With that said, they love having us there. We bring good merchandise mix to their malls, and so they find great real estate for us. And they -- in particular, they love the fact that we'll take down a lot of space because of our multiple brands and, I guess, it's leverage. And then we're always looking at where we should close and prune off stores as they come up for expiration and push the sales into more profitable stores. And lastly, in each of our brands, we are always looking for the next format that will drive profitability, and we're very careful to test before we roll out. But there's pieces and parts of each brands that's highly competitive, that we've been testing, that are very productive, and that, as we do smaller remodels or larger remodels, we'll be putting into the new stores. 
Operator: And we have time for one last question from Marni Shapiro with Retail Tracker. 
Mark Friedman: It's Mark Friedman subbing for Marni. Laura, Pat, I guess I was wondering on the mix between direct and bricks-and-mortar. With you launching e-commerce in Australia, and it sounds like eventually in the U.K., how should we be thinking about the shift over time, both as a total and then your ability to continue to drive it higher in the U.S. and what impact that has in the stores. And then I was curious about the catalog trends and what you're doing there in the future to drive business. 
Pat Connolly: Thanks. That's a good question, Mark. I think we've said and Julie's been pretty clear in her guidance about the fact that we expect DTC to be over 50% in the next 2 years, so that's sort of on the domestic side. And the catalog remains a very powerful vehicle. It's over half of our advertising spend, and it will probably continue to be, even though we're continually increasing our e-marketing spend. What we've seen is that the catalog drives such high revenue per contact. When we mail a catalog, the revenue per book is much higher than virtually anything anyone can do in terms of you marketing with a contact, so it's a great way to extract as much lifetime value from that customer. And the catalog is also a great expression of the brand. And when we launched in Australia, we mailed catalogs and we circulated a lot of catalogs. And actually, the ones we gave out in our stores, which I thought would last 6 months, we got rid of and -- I mean, they were gone in 2 weeks. So even though the catalog business is not a huge business in Australia, we've seen more positive reaction than I would expect, and our e-commerce there is stronger as a percent of the total, too. So I think that gives us a lot of promise as we move to other countries in our global expansion. 
Operator: And that does conclude our question-and-answer session for today. I'll now turn the conference call back over to Ms. Alber for any additional or closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: Thank you. I want to thank you all for your support and for joining us this afternoon. We appreciate your time, and we'll speak with you again next quarter. 
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude our conference call for today. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-03-19 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma Inc. Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Steve Nelson, Vice President of Investor Relations, to discuss non-GAAP measures and forward-looking statements.  Please go ahead. 
Stephen Nelson: Good afternoon. This call should be considered in conjunction with the press releases that we issued earlier today. Our earnings press release and this call contain non-GAAP financial measures that exclude the impact of unusual business events. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and an explanation of why these non-GAAP financial measures are useful are discussed in the earnings release.
 This call also contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 which addresses the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, trends, guidance, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2013 and beyond, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company's current press releases and SEC filings, including the most recent 10-Q for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call. 
 I will now turn the conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer, to discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2012 results and our outlook for Q1 and fiscal year 2013. 
Laura Alber: Thanks, Steve. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today are Julie Whalen, our Chief Financial Officer; and Pat Connolly, our Chief Marketing Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to discuss the leadership change that we announced earlier this afternoon. Richard Harvery, President of the Williams-Sonoma brand, has resigned and will be leaving the company. Over the 18 years that we have worked together, Richard has been an exceptional business partner, as well as a great friend to me. Richard has worked at our company for 30 years and leaves an enduring legacy. We thank him for his service and commitment, and we will miss him. Janet Hayes, currently the President of Pottery Barn Kids and Pottery Barn Teen, will become the President of the Williams-Sonoma brand, and through the end of our fiscal first quarter, Richard will work with Janet to ensure a smooth transition. Sandra Stangl, President of Pottery Barn, will now lead Pottery Barn, Pottery Barn Kids and Pottery Barn Teens. We congratulate Janet and Sandra on their new roles at our company and look forward to their continued success. 
 Now I will begin discussing our fiscal year results followed by the highlights of our strategies for 2013 and beyond. Our results during fiscal 2012 demonstrate the power of our multichannel, multibrand operating model. For the year, net revenues exceeded $4 billion for the first time in our history, with comparable brand revenues increasing 6%. Non-GAAP operating margin matched our 2011 fiscal year high of 10.3%, and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share grew to a record $2.58. Our top and bottom line performance exceeded not only our outlook from the beginning of the year, but also our expectations as we entered Q4. E-commerce, with top line growth of 15% for the year on a comparable week basis, continued to drive our direct-to-customer channel revenue and operating margin, which expanded by 40 basis points to 22.4%. 
 Our direct-to-customer channel now represents 46% of our total company net revenue, and we believe the increasing penetration of our direct-to-customer channel will drive further improvements in our operating margin over time. 
 We continue to be laser-focused on our customers. They are the center of everything we do. All of our initiatives revolve around our customer. This singular focus has allowed us to deliver increased revenue and profit, while simultaneously investing in our future growth. Our continued expense discipline throughout our organization enables this operational flexibility. 
 At the beginning of 2012, we outlined for you our long-term initiatives to drive sustainable, profitable growth and increase shareholder value. I am pleased to report that we made progress against each of the longer-term initiatives that we communicated to you last year, and that they will be the focus of our efforts over the next several years. These initiatives are: to successfully execute our brand strategies and launch new businesses; to lay the foundation for the expansion of our brand's global presence; to invest in our supply chain to reduce cost and improve service; and to invest in the technologies and infrastructure, underlying all these initiatives to enhance our leading multichannel business. 
 The heritage of our company is one of internally generated growth. While the Williams-Sonoma brand has grown in size to almost $1 billion, 75% of our revenues now come from our other brands that our current team has developed. In 2012, we broadened the reach and relevance of each of our brands and invested in new businesses. Through 2013 and beyond, we will continue to drive strategies, strengthen our current brands, while identifying new business opportunities. In the Williams-Sonoma brand, we are executing an exciting vision of innovation that allows us to be less reliant on branded goods. In all of the Pottery Barn brands, we continue to deliver impressive growth over industry averages. In West Elm, our largest growth vehicle, is now approaching 11% of our business at $430 million of revenues, with a clear growth path to become a $1 billion business. 
 With this backdrop of the successful entrepreneurial track record, we incubated and launched new businesses this year, including Mark and Graham, West Elm Market and Agrarian. Mark and Graham, which launched in November, specializes in high-quality, personalized products and gifts. West Elm Market, a brand extension of West Elm, expands the brand to category and new settings. Agrarian, a new category extension of the Williams-Sonoma brand, celebrates homemade and homegrown. And 2012 also marks Rejuvenation's first full year as part of our portfolio of brands. We plan to expand on each of these businesses in 2013. 
 Global expansion is one of our most important growth prospects for the next 10 years. As we shop the world, we continue to see a significant opportunity. Our global vision is to serve our customers with the same high service model that we do in the United States, with a multichannel strategy focused on e-commerce. In 2013, we will enter into the Australian market with company-owned retail stores and fully enabled e-commerce and distribution. Our first 4 stores will open in May, and will set the stage for further expansion within Australia, as well as other geographies possibly later this year. Our franchise business continues to grow and in 2012, we saw the opening of an additional 10 stores in the Middle East. There are now 23 stores open across all of our core brands. 
 Our supply chain is a competitive advantage. Focused on our customer, our mission is to reduce costs and improve service. This year, we continued our network redesign, and we in-sourced additional foreign agent operations with the biggest improvement realized by bringing Vietnam and South China furniture sourcing fully into our system. Our return rate was the lowest in the history of our company, a key metric in measuring customer satisfaction. Our technology investment supports our initiatives and allow us to elevate our service levels. In 2012, our investments enabled us to make our IT throughput significantly more scalable and focused on e-commerce capabilities, global expansion, supply chain and our stores. We continue to scale our IT capabilities as we know they are critical to our growth. We are pleased that in a recent survey of highest performing websites, our brands were the top performers. We also know that our customers shop all of our channels, and we are further connecting the in-store and e-commerce experience. Technology will allow us to continue to differentiate our experience and leverage our assets to expand into new markets. 
 One of my personal objectives is to have the strongest team in retail. In 2012, we continued to attract top talent across the organization and strengthen our culture. We are confident we can achieve our goals because of our people, our commitment to execution and continued investment in these growth areas. We also know that we have some differentiating attributes that afford us competitive advantages. We are one of the nation's leading e-commerce retailers, not just in sales volume, but also in profitability. We know of few traditional retailers or e-commerce companies that are able to deliver the profitability metrics that we consistently achieve in our direct business. Our catalog heritage has created a culture of analytics that has propelled our online growth and contributed to our disciplined history of retail expansion. We have an excellent balance between physical and online storefronts, and we utilize our industry-leading customer intelligence, gathered over the past 35 years, to drive merchandise decisions. 
 While we are not immune to the effects the retail disruption we all see around us, our brands are at the forefront of specialty retailing, with our merchandise categories and each continues to further differentiate itself from its competition. Creativity and innovation is a key component of our strategy. And for all these reasons, we see a clear path to more than doubling our business over the next decade. Finally, we remain committed to our shareholders and returning excess cash. In 2012, we returned $243 million in the form of share buybacks and dividends. As we announced today, we demonstrate this commitment by announcing a 41% increase in our dividend to $0.31 quarterly, and a $750 million 3-year stock repurchase authorization, which combined, provided the largest return of excess cash to our shareholders in the history of our company. 
 Now I will turn the call over to Julie Whalen, to discuss our financial results and outlook before I provide more details regarding each brand's performance. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon. We are very pleased with the fiscal 2012 results we are sharing with you today, and the outperformance we saw on both the top and bottom line for fourth quarter and fiscal year 2012. 
 Before I provide more details on our 2012 results, as well as our guidance for fiscal year 2013, I want to remind everyone that 2012 was a 53-week year as compared to 52-week years in both 2011 and 2013. The financial impact of this additional week was approximately $70 million of revenues and $0.07 of diluted earnings per share. We will provide our growth rates, both with and without the extra week. 
 Let me begin with our fourth quarter results. For the fourth quarter, net revenues increased 11%. Excluding the additional week, net revenues grew 5%, with comparable brand revenues increasing 4%. E-commerce led this growth at 16%. Diluted earnings per share increased 15% to $1.34 per share. Excluding the additional week, diluted earnings per share grew 9%. 
 Gross margin during the quarter was equal to last year at 41.3%, with occupancy leverage offset by lower selling margins. Occupancy leveraged 30 basis points, with occupancy costs at $137 million in the fourth quarter of 2012 versus $127 million in the fourth quarter of 2011.
 SG&A increased to 26.3% from 25.7% in the fourth quarter of 2011. Of this 50 basis point increase, asset impairments, primarily in our stores, accounted for 40 basis points of this increase. The remaining increase was from higher employment and other general expenses, partially offset by greater advertising efficiency. As a reminder, included in this increase were the planned, ongoing incremental investments to support our e-commerce, global expansion and business development growth strategies that Laura mentioned earlier. This resulted in a fourth quarter operating margin of 15.0%. 
 I would now like to comment briefly on our fiscal year results. For the fiscal year, net revenues increased 9% to $4.04 billion. Excluding the additional week, net revenues grew 7%, including 12% growth in the direct-to-customer channel and 2.5% growth in the retail channel. Comparable brand revenues increased 6%, led by our home furnishings brands: Pottery Barn, West Elm and Pottery Barn Kids. 
 Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share increased 15% to $2.58 per share. Excluding the additional week, non-GAAP diluted earnings per share grew 12%. Fiscal year gross margin increased 20 basis points to 39.4% from 39.2%. This improvement was driven by occupancy leverage, which was partially offset by lower selling margins. Occupancy leveraged 60 basis points, with occupancy costs at $517 million in 2012, versus $500 million in 2011. 
 Fiscal year non-GAAP SG&A increased 20 basis points to 29.1% from 28.9% in 2011. Asset impairments, primarily in our stores, accounted for this increase as higher employment, combined with our planned incremental investments, was offset by greater advertising efficiency. The fiscal 2012 non-GAAP operating margin of 10.3%, matched last year's record operating margin. A 40 basis point improvement in the direct-to-customer channel operating margin to 22.4% was offset by a 70 basis point decrease in the retail channel operating margin to 12.1%, and a 10 basis point increase in corporate unallocated expenses. The 40 basis point improvement in the direct-to-customer channel operating margin to an annual record of 22.4%, was primarily driven by greater advertising efficiency and sales leverage of occupancy costs, partially offset by lower selling margins. This speaks again to the power of our operating model, allowing us to use advertising efficiencies, as well as our supply chain cost reduction initiatives to give value back to the customer, while driving sales and operating margin growth. 
 The 70 basis point decrease in the retail channel operating margin was primarily driven by increased employment costs to support our service and growth initiatives and asset impairments, which were partially offset by occupancy leverage. The 10 basis point increase in corporate unallocated expenses was primarily driven by higher employment costs. 
 From a balance sheet perspective, merchandise inventories increased $87 million or 15.6% to $640 million. This inventory level reflects our goal to improve our in-stock inventory positions to drive sales and to support our growth initiatives within our global business and our new brands, particularly in West Elm. 
 Cash at the end of the year was $425 million versus $503 million last year. Over the past year, while generating $364 million in operating cash flow, we returned $243 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. And, as Laura mentioned, our commitment is to return excess cash to our shareholders. To advance that goal today, we are happy to have announced our largest share repurchase authorization, totaling $750 million and our largest dividend increase of 41%. 
 I would now like to discuss our first quarter and fiscal year 2013 guidance. 2013 is expected to be another year of record revenues and earnings, while at the same time, investing in our future growth. For the first quarter of 2013, we expect to grow net revenues to a range of $850 million to $870 million, with comparable revenue growth in the range of 4% to 6%. We expect our operating margin to be slightly below last year's rate, driven by the financial impact on the quarter of our capital investments in 2012, and our SG&A investments in our global expansion, including the opening of 4 stores in Australia at the end of the quarter. 
 Diluted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $0.33 to $0.36 per share. In 2013, we expect to grow net revenues to a range of $4.20 billion to $4.28 billion, with comparable brand revenue growth in the range of 4% to 6%. Operating margin is expected to be in the range of 10.0% to 10.3%, and diluted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $2.65 to $2.75 per share, which, excluding the additional week of earnings in 2012, amounts to 10% diluted earnings per share growth at the high end of the range. As you can see, our disciplined approach to SG&A has allowed us to tightly manage our ongoing expenses so we can invest in our growth opportunities and still deliver this level of earnings growth. 
 From a capital allocation perspective, consistent with 2012, we plan to maintain a minimum cash reserve balance of at least $300 million and return excess cash to our shareholders after investing in our business. In 2013, in addition to the increased levels of share buybacks and dividends previously mentioned, we expect our capital investments to be in the range of $200 million to $220 million, as we continue investing in our long-term initiatives we laid out in the beginning of 2012, and as Laura mentioned earlier on the call. 
 In addition to our required annual investments in our retail fleet and general IT infrastructure, we will be investing in our global expansion, the construction of new stores for existing and new brands, including West Elm, in e-commerce and investing capital to support our supply chain initiatives, in that order. We expect the continued investment in these initiatives will provide the best returns for our shareholders.
 For all other fiscal year 2013 guidance items, please see today's press release. You will notice in this release that we have continued to shift to more strategic and directional guidance. We will no longer be reporting comparable store sales growth rates, as these sales are already included within our comparable brand revenue growth metric. As our customers shop across all channels, we believe comparable brand revenue growth is a more comprehensive reflection of the performance of our business today. Finally, we will no longer be reporting holiday sales as we believe reporting sales, excluding our January results, is not an accurate reflection of our true holiday results. 
 That said, as part of this move towards a more strategic view, we are now providing a 3-year outlook. As such, over the next 3 years, we expect revenue growth to be in the mid- to high single digits, with EPS growth in the low double digits to mid-teens. We expect our capital expenditures to remain within the range of $200 million to $220 million over the next 3 years. We also expect to target our dividend levels at approximately 35% to 40% of net income, and we expect share buybacks to be approximately $250 million per year over the next 3 years. 
 We are confident that the strength of our brands, combined with our strategic long-term growth initiatives, will allow us to meet our 3-year outlook and allow us to be well-poised for future growth and shareholder returns. Now, I will turn the call back over to Laura to talk about the performance of our brands. 
Laura Alber: Thank you, Julie. And now let's talk about our brands starting with Pottery Barn, our largest brand. In Pottery Barn, net revenues for 2012 were $1.75 billion, driven by comparable brand revenue growth of 8.5%. For the fourth quarter, textiles, furniture and decorative accessories were important categories for the brand. In addition, our gift strategies drove traffic, transactions and sales. Our big bets for the season were successful. As we look forward to this year, we are confident in our product lineup. We have great launches scheduled throughout the year. We are focused on selling artisanal, innovative products at a great value presented in an aspirational way across all of our channels. Our mantra is to make decorating and entertaining fun, easy and affordable, and to turn houses into homes. 
 Our customers love our print and pattern and textiles. Furniture is the foundation of our brand, and we continue to offer an increased assortment of high-quality, exclusive, well-priced items. We also see opportunities in the hard-working rooms. The entryway, the bathroom and the laundry room. We are building deep relationships with our customers through the exceptional complimentary services that we provide. These services, both in-store and in-home, are our competitive advantage. We train our associates as design studio experts, and we are expanding the design studio centers within our stores and our design studio offerings. We have also developed a team of stylists and entertaining consultants that can help with everything from setting the perfect table to decorating your home for Easter. 
 We're also leveraging technology to make it easier for our customers to imagine their dream home and for our associates to convert sales. Our recent store remodels and website enhancements are producing returns that we will build on in the coming years. 
 In the Pottery Barn Kids brand, net revenues for 2012 were $558 million, with an increase in comparable brand revenue of 5.6%. The combination of textiles and furniture, especially in nursery, drove our business as our customers came to us to put together rooms for their children. We were successful in growing our Baby business and our seasonal holidays. We'll be expanding both of these areas in the coming years. For example, we just celebrated our first Lunar New Year. And we are focused on gifting and birthdays. In Baby, we have additional SKUs and new, differentiated aesthetics. We continue to refine our marketing strategy to appeal to lifestages, lifestyles and genders. We're also committed to further developing the relationships our customers have with our brand through service offerings. We are enriching the design expertise of our associates, and equipping them with better technology and tools. 
 We believe that Pottery Barn Kids' differentiated offering will have wide international appeal, leading to growth through global expansion. We've been extremely pleased with the performance of our stores in the Middle East, where Pottery Barn Kids has more stores that any of our other brands, and we are opening our first store in Qubec later this month, and in Australia in May. 
 In the PBteen teen brand, net revenues for 2012 were $220 million, representing an increase in comparable brand revenue of 1.7% for the year and 6.4% in the fourth quarter. Momentum accelerated in our business throughout the year, as our in-stock inventory position improved. Being in stock is especially critical, as this is a brand where both the parent and their teen are involved in the purchase decision. Our in-stock position in furniture hampered our growth in 2012, and is an opportunity in 2013. When we deliver the basics and the top of bed, our customer comes back to us for gifting, seasonal assortments and for room accessories. 
 Textiles drove performance in our business all year. Burton has been a fantastic launch for us, and we are happy and proud to continue this partnership, as well as introduce new exciting partnerships in 2013. In 2013, we are offering great values in our new furniture and textile introductions, featuring clean, bright and fun assortments. We will continue to go out to the dorm customer, with an expanded lifestyle offering, delivering innovative decorating ideas. Gifting year-round for birthdays and graduations will also be a focus in 2013. Our teen retail formats are highly productive. Parents and teens are able to engage with our products, which will then ship to their homes from distribution centers. Our small store base allows us to get closer to our customer and serves as a laboratory for concept development. We get terrific feedback in our stores, as we engage with our customers, and our customers engage with our products. 
 Our franchise partner opened our first PBteen store in the Middle East at the end of 2012, and it is really exceeding our expectations. It seems that decorating teen rooms is a universal challenge, and we are excited to serve this market.
 In the Williams-Sonoma brand, net revenues for 2012 were $981 million, with comparable brand revenues decreasing 1.1%. Although the promotional environment intensified during the holiday season, we made progress on our initiatives to introduce proprietary, innovative products that set new standards in the marketplace. As we expected, our strongest performance were in those categories where we have the highest proportion of new, exclusive and innovative products, specifically electrics, entertaining and food. We anticipated a promotional environment and responded appropriately to protect our brand and our customers. 
 The story of the Williams-Sonoma brand is really 2 stories. We enjoy excellent success in the direct channel, where the Williams-Sonoma brand had the third highest growth rate any of our brands, with a direct channel contribution that ranks second amongst our brands for the year. This performance tells us that the strength of our brands, our marketing and our strategy has increased product exclusivity, allows us to compete successfully with anyone online, and to do so at operating margins that are a multiple of our competitors. However, the initiatives that we have been working on in the Williams-Sonoma brand are more easily and quickly implemented in the direct channel than at retail. So we have more work to do in our stores. We acknowledge that. 
 New creative direction has made progress with our marketing efforts. After our initial focus on our website and catalog, we are now turning our energies to our retail stores. We believe that there are significant opportunities to present our products in a more inspiring and compelling way, and to make it easier for our customers to find what they want to buy. 
 Another key part of our Williams-Sonoma strategy is to optimize our retail fleet. In 2013, we'll opportunistically close 15 stores and open an additional 8 stores to drive retail profitability. We have been successful in closing underperforming stores and relocating stores to higher-return locations, and we expect this to continue over the next 3 years. We also have a robust schedule of new product introductions, the most in our history, that will benefit both channels, which includes the expansion of our Williams-Sonoma-branded cookware and tools. We're also excited by our marketing partnership with ABC in a new hit series, The Taste, which features our exclusive collection of Williams-Sonoma-branded products. 
 Our Agrarian assortment is expanding, and we mailed our first standalone catalog this week. This concept is bringing new customers to our brand and has enjoyed significant national media attention. We're also delighted to announce that Williams-Sonoma Home will be mailing a catalog with new collections early next month. We believe that this segment of the market is underserved and that we can grow a sizable and profitable business in higher-end home goods, predominantly in the direct-to-consumer channel. 
 In summary, we are committed to possible growth in Williams-Sonoma, and we'll serve our customer through product innovation, marketing and channel excellence. I look forward to updating on the progress we are making against these strategies. 
 Finally, I would like to discuss West Elm. In the West Elm brand, net revenues for 2012 were $430 million, representing almost 11% of our total company sales. Comparable brand revenues grew 17.4% on top of 30.3% in 2011. Growth continues to be driven by all categories, including furniture, textiles and decorative accessories. Key holiday brands and category promotions drove strong incremental sales and margins. Expanded assortments in new areas, including kitchen and seasonal trends, contributed to growth. We've accelerated sales, customer acquisition and engagement through integrated, multi-channel marketing. Utilizing e-commerce, catalog, in-store activities and social media platforms has allowed us to effectively connect with customers. 
 As we look forward to 2013 and beyond, our strategy is to profitably grow the West Elm brand by engaging with a broader base of customers, while maintaining a compelling value proposition. We are executing on an expanded product assortment and customer engagement strategies. And as retail profitability hits new milestones, we're aggressively seeking retail expansion opportunities. 
 At the start of 2012, we announced plans to open 9 new West Elm stores. And we are pleased that we ended the year with 12, bringing the total fleet size to 48. We will continue to expand our retail in 2013 with current plans to end the year with 57 locations, including our first Australian store. We believe that West Elm will be a significant driver of our global expansion. Our 2 stores in Canada are among the highest performing in the entire company. Our West Elm store in the Middle East, operated by our franchise partner, is consistently exceeding expectations, and we are actively looking for additional global locations. 
 In late October, we are pleased to launched the West Elm market brand extension. Focused on tools for everyday living, market represents a significant expansion into the kitchen and housewares category. This expanded assortment is currently offered in 2 standalone stores, shop-in shops and many of our existing stores and a robust online and catalog assortment. We believe all these initiatives differentiate West Elm in the marketplace and drives growth in this brand. We're excited about our plans for 2013 and our progress on the path towards building this into another $1 billion brand. 
 In summary, we're very proud of our result this year. While the economic backdrop is more difficult than anticipated, we beat our financial metrics and made tremendous progress against our long-term growth strategies. We have clear strategies for all of our brands, and West Elm has moved efficiently from a turnaround to a clear growth vehicle. Through our strategic work, we identified and prioritized areas for new business development and are underway in our execution. Our global strategy is out of the planning phase and into production, and the company is rallied around its success. We continue to strengthen our team and our culture, and we are confident in our future. 
 I would now like to open up the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll first go to Peter Benedict from Robert W. Baird. 
Peter Benedict: Laura, you said earlier in your prepared remarks that you expect further improvement in operating margins over time. And your 3-year view looks like it suggests that, that expansion could start to emerge in 2014. So my question is, how visible are the key drivers of kind of operating margin as you look out over the next 3 years? And then also kind of on the top line, I think you're -- it also implies kind of an acceleration on the top line beyond this year. So just interested in your thoughts on that. 
Laura Alber: Yes. I'm going to let Julie answer that question. 
Julie Whalen: Okay. Thanks, Peter. It's Julie. We're always focused on expanding our operating margin. We told you guys over time that each year, excluding our investment and our future growth strategies, we expect to drive continuous improvement in our business and expand that operating margin but it's going to be gradual and incremental over time. And it seems that when you look at our 3-year outlook in the guidance that we've given, that would imply that our initiatives in years 2 and 3, we'll be beginning to generate the kind of returns that will create operating margin expansion. 
Operator: And we'll now go to Daniel Hofkin from William Blair & Company. 
Daniel Hofkin: Just to follow up a little bit on that, on specifically the revenues, could you maybe just frame up a little bit, specifically going from, let's say, 4 to 6 expected this year to mid- to high-single digit over the next couple of years, what do think is going to be the 1 or 2 key things that should contribute to that? 
Julie Whalen: Dan, it's Julie. I think there's a couple of things I want to make sure that everyone remembers on the call. First of all, 2012 was a 53rd-week. So in order to gain an appropriate growth rate from 2012 to 2013, you got to back out the $70 million in revenue that we spoke to and the $0.07 in the bottom line. So if you do that, at the high end of our range for our revenue growth for 2013 is that 8%. And our 3-year outlook gives guidance at mid- to high-single digits for revenue growth, in particular, and then obviously, low double digits to mid-teens for EPS growth. So 2013 is in line with our 3-year outlook. As far as the future years and where we might push to the higher end of that outlook is exactly right once the initiative start to come into play, for example, global expansion. This year, we're launching, in May, 4 stores. Our expectation is every year, we'll have additional locations, whether it's in Australia or otherwise. That will continue to advance on top of that to generate more revenues and more earnings. 
Operator: And we'll now move to Matthew Fassler from Goldman Sachs. 
Matthew Fassler: Can you talk about some of the changes that you made in the Williams-Sonoma catalog and online in the direct business that delivered results for you in the second half of 2012 that you think you can bring to the stores? Just a little more color on what you think will rejuvenate that retail business. 
Laura Alber: Sure. This is Laura, Matt. First of all, online affords us the ability to have additional SKUs. So you can try a wider range of products and understand where the customer is responding. And we are -- we just launched a great new program in our stores called Williams-Sonoma Delivers, where we're allowing our store associates to place orders for our customers online. And so that's a real positive for retail this year. And we know that so many times, our customers don't want to carry it out. They want to go to the store and look at it, but they want it shipped to their home. And so we've enabled that with our customers in our stores with the Williams-Sonoma Delivers program. So that's one of a couple key initiatives for this year. Also online, the shopping experience is something that we really focused on, particularly, in the latter half of the year in highlighting key products and cleaning up the shopping path, making it more aspirational, giving content where it makes sense, simple things like putting videos in line(sic) [online] . And we had great accolades for our Williams-Sonoma site, which was rated top website. So people are noticing, and the customer service equation on that has been really good. So those -- it's really more products, visual merchandising, and we need to bring that vibrancy into our stores. We're testing some new store formats. We're so excited about our Australian store because we're launching it with a cooking school that represents a whole another leg of opportunity for us. 
Matthew Fassler: And just to make it clear, when you talk about more products, obviously, Williams-Sonoma Delivers, so you'll have the ability to, I guess, order online in store. But are you talking about broadening the assortment that's actually on the sales floor as we speak? Or is it more about changing out product? 
Laura Alber: Yes. It's -- there's only so much physical room in the stores. But it's about what you display more prominently, where is the customer shifting to. And we can understand that better online. 
Operator: And we'll now go to Laura Champine from Canaccord. 
Laura Champine: Can you just comment on your year-end inventory levels and how comfortable you are with those? And Julie, how you expect inventory to trend relative to sales this year? 
Laura Alber: Sure, love to, Laura. We feel very good about the health of our inventory. Remember, last year, we ended at unsustainably low inventory levels. And we did it to invest in our inventory to drive our sales. The year-over-year increase was primarily driven by the home furnishings brands to support this better in stock versus last year. And we expect inventory to be at this level -- we expect this to be at this level, and we also increased the inventory to drive sales, particularly in the West Elm brand and because we are opening in Australia and are holding the inventory here at this point. Long term, we'll be shifting the inventory and having it shipped directly into Australia, but it's currently in our inventories today. And then also remember the 53rd week pushes back 1 week later, and shipments were rushed out for the Lunar New Year. 
Operator: And we'll now go to David Gober from Morgan Stanley. 
David Gober: Just wanted to touch on gross margins for a second. I guess in the fourth quarter, gross margins were about flat year-over-year. I was just wondering if you could give any further color on kind of gross margins by concept or maybe where you're seeing pressure versus expansion. Is it maybe a little more pressure in the Williams-Sonoma brand? And also just curious if you're seeing any pressure to move towards free shipping in the home furnishings brands. 
Julie Whalen: Okay. David, this is Julie. I'll take that. I think from a gross margin perspective, we're actually very, very proud of that, the fact that we came in flat for the quarter and we actually were up 20 basis points versus last year. I think as we've been telling you guys every quarter as we've gone through the year, what we've seen is that sequentially, there's been improvements in both product and selling margins. And what we saw towards the end of the year was actually substantial improvement in both the retail channel and the Williams-Sonoma brand. So we've seen this continue to sort of rightsize as we move through the year. I think it's one thing that we're really proud of and we're able to get these sales whilst still maintaining a strong gross margin. Laura, do you want to take the free ship? 
Laura Alber: I'll just say that free ship is one of many promotions that we run, and we're able to study when it's effective and when no to do it. And we use it carefully like we do all of our promotions. 
Operator: And we'll now move to David Magee from SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. 
David Magee: The -- how would you characterize the competitive environment since the holidays? Has it eased somewhat sequentially? 
Laura Alber: We said all year that environment has been very competitive. We expected it to be extremely promotional. We came out and said that a couple of times. It's clear to us that value is incredibly important to our customers. And it's not going to go away. The customer is clearly looking for value, matched with quality. And this is what we deliver upon. So we had a promotional cadence throughout the year. We're very competitive on non-exclusive, branded goods. We've responded as people broke MAP pricing in the Williams-Sonoma brand, and we will continue to do so. 
Operator: We'll now go to Gary Balter from Crdit Suisse. 
Simeon Gutman: It's Simeon Gutman for Gary. A 2-part question on West Elm. Long term, can you speak to give us an idea of how many stores you think you can get to? And then second part is, given West Elm accelerated in terms of the brand revenues this quarter and Pottery Barn decelerated, you mentioned that there's this constant seeking of value, but do you think there was anything that accelerated in terms of the consumer being more value-oriented? Or are those 2 events disconnected? 
Laura Alber: We've studied that and are always making sure that, that's not happening. We actually see that when we mail both catalogs at the same time, we get a better response to both of them than if we mail separately, which is really interesting. So now, we don't -- if you're asking about cannibalization, we don't have any evidence of cannibalization. You have to look at these brands on a multi-year basis. Pottery Barn has great growth over several years. West Elm has really been escalating its growth recently. And we -- in terms of stores versus DTC, we're still very small, very low market awareness around West Elm, which is very exciting for us. And clearly, we can have more stores. Now we haven't given a specific number, because the horizon is changing so rapidly in terms of DTC versus stores, and we're testing new formats, we're testing West Elm Market stores, whether they should be in a store, separate, online only. And so there's a lot of unknowns about how many stores exactly. But we do know that we can put them in suburban areas. We know that we can put several in the market. We've learned a lot this year. We were cautious at first, and we've measured against it. And so the opening plans that we have this year we feel very confident in. 
Operator: And we'll now go to Janet Kloppenburg from JJK Research. 
Janet Kloppenburg: Just a couple of questions. On the selling margin, I think you said that if it proves that Williams-Sonoma -- the Williams-Sonoma brand, and it was up in the retail segment, I believe that's for the year. And I'm wondering if that was because of the influx of proprietary product or what are the contributors to that improvement. And in thinking about your operating margin guidance for fiscal '13, I'm wondering how I should be thinking about gross margins. I think you'll be making some investments, I think that will be pressuring the SG&A line. And I'm wondering if we should be thinking that you'll have an overall improvement or you have an objective of improving gross margins in fiscal '13. 
Julie Whalen: Okay, so this is Julie. So the one thing I to make sure we're clear on is the gross margin sequentially improved year-over-year. Obviously, in my prepared remarks, I did talk about how we had occupancy leverage that was offset by lower selling margins. So within the year, they were still down. But they substantially improved versus last year same time. And that was in the retail channel and within Williams-Sonoma. As far as giving outlook, obviously, we don't provide any guidance on the gross margin or SG&A line, but we did provide guidance on the operating margin line where we're at the high end. We're still at 10.3, which is matching our record all while investing. So there has to be some assumption there that, that product margins will improve over the year. 
Laura Alber: And just one more thing, Janet, remember that because of our high DTC to total, we are able to shift our operating model to be more promotional if the environment requires. And you've seen us do that before, where we leverage at cost. We're constantly looking for ways to reduce our catalog costs and more -- and to optimize our e-marketing. And that has allowed us to give value back to our customers and reduce -- for example, when we give -- when we run our promotion, oftentimes we can reduce our ad cost spend and offset the hit to margin. And we do this on a very dynamic basis. We have a series of meetings and processes in place to always be looking at the total picture and not looking at an individual line alone. 
Operator: We'll now go to Brad Thomas from KeyBanc Markets. 
Bradley Thomas: When you reported the third quarter, you talked a little bit about concerns at the start of this fourth quarter about how the consumer was behaving. Can you just give us sort of more color about how things played out over the course of the quarter and what you're seeing today? 
Laura Alber: Sure, it was a challenging quarter because remember we start off with the hurricane, uncertainty around the election and a calendar that pushed Christmas really late. And so -- and the customer continued to shop later and later, and you just watch people wonder about when it's coming and what to do and we knew how promotional it would be. And yet we were very prepared. We have gone through a bunch of scenario plans, and we had a full team effort to make sure that we were going to deliver great customer service to our customers, and we had worked on the product lineup in advance. So January came in strong, that's an important month for us, I think, versus other businesses that are just gift businesses. The beginning of the year is always the time when you think about refreshing your home. And with our large home furnishings brands, it's a really nice end to the quarter that we have January. And this year, like last, it was very strong. 
Bradley Thomas: Great, and if I could squeeze in a quick point of clarification, with respect to the share repurchase, are you including that in your 2013 and 3-year guidance for earnings? 
Julie Whalen: We are. 
Operator: .
 We'll now go to Neely Tamminga from Piper Jaffray. 
Neely Tamminga: I have a question for Laura and/or Pat, just really wanting to get a sense for how you guys are prioritizing in your digital strategy. What are the top maybe one or two key initiatives this year that you really think will drive some revenues higher this year, just curious about your prioritization there? Then secondly, related to those strict customer file, Laura, I was just wondering if you could give us some thinking, speaking specifically here about Pottery Barn brand alone, are you seeing your core shopper, the customer who's been with you for years, just either being reactivated or shopping more from you with more categories? Or are you seeing a real interesting trend on new to file? 
Laura Alber: Thank you. One of the biggest differentiators you can have in a company are the people working with you, and we have a long heritage of cultivating creative talent and also a heritage of having great direct channel talent. And we have a deep analytic culture borne out of our catalog business, and we married this culture with our merchant expertise. We were into big data before big data was such a big deal. And it's given us a nice head start. I want to let Pat go through some of the great initiatives we have lined up for this year. 
Pat Connolly: Thanks, Laura. We made excellent progress in e-commerce this last year that produced results, not just for 2012, but we think we'll produce them well into the future. And I think perhaps the most important thing is how we did it. We've built on the foundation that we've laid the year before. We redesigned the way we work, creating what we call this capability tracks and an absolute development technology. So we really doubled our throughput literally in terms of what our team got done in just 2 years. Let me give you a few specifics. We introduced a feature called faceted navigation. It's a technology that allows customers to more quickly find what they're looking for. If a customer is, say, interested in rugs, they can easily search by style, color or material and then narrow their selection by size or shape. This is really important because we have a very large assortment with many options for the customer. And this makes it easier for them to shop for a rug or really for anything else. And we've implemented this across all of our sites. This year, we redesigned our checkout. The reason is that many customers don't complete an order, even if they put items in their basket. And we focused on streamlining that process to eliminate any barriers to completing the order, and it's working. We redesigned our homepage with a new mega menu that simplifies navigation and allows our customers to go right to the part of the site they're interested in and with added personalized content. In Pottery Barn, we introduced shop by room. It's a great example our merchants came up with working with the technology team and designing the shopping experience the way that customer likes to shop. If I think about next year, Neely, we're so excited. We're focused on emerging technology, and we're utilizing the latest data methodologies to create a data-driven, personalized shopping experience that is optimized for every customer for every device. Our goal is that every one of the 423 million website visits we had last year that someday, we'll have an absolutely personalized experience for that visitor. So we made a lot of progress; I think that our team over in the e-com technology group, things are just getting started. 
Operator: We have time for one last question from Marnie Shapiro from The Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: I was curious if you can talk a little bit about 3 initiatives that you brought up on the call but didn't give any real insights, a little bit more on Rejuvenation, a little bit on your first out-of-the-box thoughts about Mark and Graham? And I'm interested about you guys jumping back into Williams-Sonoma Home. And without giving too much away, I'm just curious if you can give a little bit more insights behind these 3. 
Laura Alber: Absolutely, thank you for the question. We're very focused on our core businesses, but we always know that we are good at starting business and nurturing them. And we see opportunity in the market, and we have several brands in their early stages. We bought Rejuvenation last year. It's a wonderful, high-quality business, focused on hardwired lighting, customized hardwired lighting. And we believe that this brand can expand into other categories and build upon its rich heritage of historic lightings. We internally developed and launched Mark and Graham, which is a high-quality, personalized gift brand, and it features really updated monograms that are both nostalgic and new. And it elevates the personalized gift-giving. The packaging is just gorgeous. And so these are 2 examples of new businesses that we are developing. Williams-Sonoma Home, we're so excited to share with you. We have a very new collection that's coming out in April in the form of a catalog and then, of course, online. And it's really building on what we know is successful but also bringing to market an aesthetic that isn't being served at the high end and really helping the customer put the whole look together in their own unique way. There are 3 distinct collections that we are going to be presenting, and you can also see them if you're in New York in the Columbus Circle store. 
Marni Shapiro: I guess, what was the impetus behind relaunching the home area? 
Laura Alber: Excuse me, I'm sorry, I can't -- couldn't hear you well. 
Marni Shapiro: I'm sorry. What was the impetus behind launching the home area because you guys have launched it, then you pulled back. 
Laura Alber: Yes, we pulled back on our retail assortment. And last year was really about rationalizing the SKUs and looking at pockets that would be profitable and that made sense. And we've been building on that. And we see a clear opportunity to bring in higher-end goods, not as high end as it was before, but to serve the market that isn't being served right now with more color and with a lot of beautiful, eclectic, artismal products. 
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I'll now turn the conference back over to Ms. Alber for any additional and closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: Well, thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to talking to you again next quarter. 
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-14 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma Incorporated Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Steve Nelson, Vice President of Investor Relations, to discuss non-GAAP measures and forward-looking statements. 
Stephen Nelson: Good afternoon. This afternoon's conference call should be considered in conjunction with the press release that we issued earlier today. Our earnings press release and this call contain non-GAAP financial measures that exclude the impact of unusual business events. These non-GAAP financial measures are provided to facilitate meaningful year-over-year comparisons. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and an explanation of why these non-GAAP financial measures are useful are discussed in Exhibit 1 and elsewhere in the earnings release.
 The forward-looking statements included in this afternoon's call constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, trends, guidance, growth plans and prospects for the company in 2012 and beyond and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company's current press releases and SEC filings, including the most recent 10-Q, for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call.
 I will now turn the conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer, to discuss our third quarter 2012 results and our outlook for fiscal -- outlook for Q4 and fiscal year 2012. 
Laura Alber: Thanks, Steve. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today are Pat Connolly, our Chief Marketing Officer; and Julie Whalen, our Chief Financial Officer. Today, we'll be discussing our third quarter 2012 results and our outlook for the fourth quarter and fiscal year. But first, on behalf of all of us at Williams-Sonoma Inc., I would like to express my concern for the welfare of those individuals and families impacted by Hurricane Sandy. The storm created significant hardship for many of our friends, families, colleagues and customers, and we've seen an overwhelming response from associates company-wide in their efforts to provide support to the impacted communities. And while the recent storms have caused some disruptions to our business, our response has been focused on assisting our associates and customers in need.
 And now, let's discuss our third quarter, where we again delivered strong performance across every one of the key metrics in our business: revenues, operating margins and earnings per share. Diluted earnings per share grew 20% on net revenue growth of 9%, with comparable brand revenue growth accelerating to 8.5% from 7.4% last quarter. E-commerce net revenues grew 17%, and operating margin exceeded last year's Q3 rate by 50 basis points, growing to a third quarter record of 8.4%.
 All brands delivered positive comparable brand revenue growth in the third quarter. The outperformance in Pottery Barn and West Elm continues and comparable brand growth in Pottery Barn Kids accelerated as its inventory position improved. Pottery Barn Teens and Williams-Sonoma, both posted year-over-year increases and improved revenue trends versus the prior quarter.
 At the beginning of the year, we outlined for you our 3 key strategic initiatives for driving sustainable profitable growth and increasing shareholder value. They are: growing our existing brands, global expansion and launching new businesses. We believe that our third quarter results demonstrate the continuing opportunity in our existing brands. And since we last spoke with you, we've also made great progress on our global expansion strategies. With our partner Alshaya, we have opened 5 new stores including the first Williams-Sonoma and West Elm stores in Kuwait. Utilizing our FiftyOne platform, we continue to see a very encouraging response from our direct shipments to more than 90 countries around the world. And in Australia, we finalized the design and began construction on our 4 retail stores. We positioned our supply chain. We hired key team members in Australia, and we've started working with public -- a public relations firm to support our early fiscal 2013 launch.
 As we solidify our opening strategy for Australia, we are increasingly convinced about the opportunity that global represents for our company as we offer a differentiated high-touch multi-channel shopping experience.
 During the quarter, we also made progress in launching new businesses. In late October, we announced West Elm Market, a brand extension of West Elm that provides an exciting retail setting for an assortment inspired by the commonsense shopkeeping of the classic general store. Our early results indicate this could be another important growth initiative for us. And last week, we announced the launch of Mark and Graham, our newest brand. Mark and Graham provides the ultimate gift-giving experience. The brand offers colorful and timeless products, personalized with a choice of more than 50 custom monograms and creative type treatments. Foundational to all of our growth initiatives are supply chain and technology, and we continue to make the progress that we had previously outlined for you to take costs out of our supply chain and drive better performance for our customers. Online, we continue to further differentiate ourselves versus our competitors.
 And now let's talk about our brands. In the Williams-Sonoma brand, comparable brand revenues increased 1.3%. We are pleased with the progress we have made as a result of our strategic focus on product innovation, marketing and customer engagement. From a product perspective, our goal continues to be to increase our ratio of exclusive products. The strongest performance continues to be in those categories where we have the highest proportion of new, exclusive and innovative products: electrics, tabletops and agrarian. Last quarter, we announced the launch the new Verismo System by Starbucks. And to date, our results have exceeded our internal targets. 
 In the fourth quarter, we'll be offering a significantly higher percentage of new and exclusive products, particularly in cookware, electrics and entertaining. Yesterday, we announced the first in a series of Williams-Sonoma branded products in cookware, cook's tools and new technology-driven smart tools. These product introductions draw on our over 5 decades of culinary experience and represent the next generation of technologically advanced cookware and tools for the home cook or professional chef. This introduction is an exciting strategic development for our business, and it is just the beginning. Over the next several years, we'll be introducing many more differentiated products with the Williams-Sonoma name.
 From a marketing perspective, we are focused on consistently providing an inspiring visual experience that powerfully communicates the Williams-Sonoma brand across all of our channels. Our holiday catalog features a new design that delivers a more impactful visual presentation and stronger marketing messages around key products and categories. We believe our holiday catalogs will inspire our customers with this new imagery, content and compelling narrative, and we are improving our website with content, personalization and functionality to enhance the shopping experience for our customers. 
 We've made several enhancements to our website. Most notably, more closely integrating product and content into our entertaining ideas, increasing personalized product recommendations across the site and enabling access to our customer care associates by phone or by chat. In the fourth quarter, you will see site improvements that will drive conversion of the shopping path, such as faceted navigation that will allow customers to quickly find selections through advance sort and filter functions and enhancements to our on-site search functionality. In a recent study conducted by L2, a digital think tank focused on luxury and specialty retail, the Williams-Sonoma website ranked #1. It is our goal to further separate ourselves from others with these new enhancements.
 In retail, in our upcoming floor sets, you will see a more impactful coordination between floor features and perimeter merchandising, and a much stronger presentation of seasonal merchandise in our perimeter fixtures. In support of our strategy to improve the overall customer experience and to further differentiate the brand, we are also focused on our selling culture. New field leadership is driving the clienteling initiative that has been so successful in our other brands, and we are pleased with our progress. In the fourth quarter, we have a schedule of traffic-building events and activities designed to complement the holiday entertaining season. We believe the Williams-Sonoma brand is well positioned for this upcoming holiday season.
 I would now like to discuss the Pottery Barn results. Comparable brand revenues increased 11% on top of 7% last year, with strong results across both channels and all product categories. The brand continues to deliver a dynamic and comprehensive product assortment that inspires customers, bringing decorating and entertaining together with great value in new ways. Our customers are delighted by our aesthetic and the value proposition that we are providing. We have expanded our expertise as an authority in design, decorating and entertaining, and we are sharing these ideas and capabilities with our customers as part of our service offering. As part of our complimentary design service initiative, we have trained over 1,500 design studio specialists that are ready to assist our customers in our stores and in our customers' homes. The combination of our strong product offering and these services is driving our business. Our vision is to further develop these services and market them in a more powerful way.
 From a merchandising perspective, all key categories had strong performance during the quarter, led by furniture, textiles and decorative accessory. Strong revenue growth and a focus on operational discipline drove profitability for the brand. Our Pottery Barn customers love to decorate and entertain, and our seasonal businesses continue to be strong. We always introduce our holiday assortment in our direct channel in advance of the store, and early reads are exceeding our expectations. Our customers are getting their homes ready for the holidays, and we are part of their lifestyle through our content online, in-store events and elevated service in the home.
 Finally, in anticipation of the housing recovery, we began working over a year ago on an expanded home renovation assortment in conjunction with complimentary design services. We have seen strength driven by this new category growth and expanded assortment, specifically in lighting, bathroom consoles, hardware fixtures and window treatments. We are feeling good about the fourth quarter in the Pottery Barn brand.
 In the Pottery Barn Kids brand, comparable brand revenues increased 10% on top of last year's 5%, showing strong results across all channels and all product categories. Textiles and decorative accessories posted strong growth reflecting a very successful back-to-school season. Additionally, our baby business was very strong, led by consumer response to our expanded nursery offerings, gift-giving and registry experience. This initiative will lead to further growth for the brand. Pottery Barn Kids' initiative to celebrate the holidays and create childhood memories is on track as we saw a great consumer response to our Halloween assortment and Thanksgiving. We are excited about the fourth quarter for Pottery Barn Kids and the launch of our seasonal and holiday assortments. We are confident in our strategy for the remainder of the year, and we will continue with our efforts to drive customer acquisition, customer engagement and strong multi-channel growth.
 In PBteen, comparable brand revenues increased 2% on top of last year's 6% growth. This growth was led by the furniture and textiles divisions, with great strength coming out of our textiles, led by our dorm initiative in the back-to-school time period, and our strategic launch of Burton home furnishing. To date, our results in both Burton and dorm have exceeded our internal targets, and we are excited about the growth of both initiatives. PBteen has shown improvement throughout the year, but it is still not where it could be, with furniture in-stock positions remaining our biggest challenge. We believe we will be in stock at the end of the fourth quarter. Decorative accessory also continue to be a soft spot in PBteen driven by room decor. However, the gift-giving season has not yet started, and we are introducing a very exciting group of gifts that we believe will drive our fourth quarter decorative accessories business. In Q4, you will see an enhanced gift assortment with over 500 gifts to give, ranging from personalized jewelry and beauty products to monogrammed towels, sheets and blankets, to great electronic accessories to compliment the teen's digital life.
 During the holiday season, we will continue our strategy of new customer acquisitions by popping up 5 new PBteen retail locations, which will allow us to understand consumer demand in different markets and give the customer a chance to experience the brand in a new way. We believe our seasonal collections, our new product introductions and the integrated marketing and shopping approach will attract new customers to the brand and allow us to further engage the teen customer in new ways in order to drive growth.
 Finally, I would like to discuss West Elm. West Elm delivered its 11th quarter of double-digit increases in comparable brand revenue, growing 13% on top of 27% last year. Growth continues to be driven out of all categories, led by double-digit comp growth in furniture and textile. Key seasonal and category promotions drove strong incremental sales and margin, and the continued expansion of the assortment into new areas, including kitchen, contributed to the growth.
 As we look forward to the balance of the year and beyond, our strategy is to continue to profitably grow the West Elm brand by engaging with a broader base of customers, while maintaining a compelling value proposition. We are executing on an expanded product assortment and customer engagement strategies, and we are aggressively looking for retail expansion opportunity. We opened 5 new stores in the third quarter and have plans to open an additional 4 stores in the fourth quarter. We are pleased that by the end of the year, we will have a total of 47 stores.
 As part of both our product and real estate expansion strategies, we launched the West Elm Market brand extension with the opening of our first dedicated West Elm Market store in Brooklyn, New York in October to great consumer feedback. Focused on tools for everyday living in kitchen and housewares, West Elm Market is a neighborhood store offering exclusive uniquely designed products in an environment that encourages social engagement and a sense of community. Complementing existing West Elm stores with a shop-in-shop strategy and with a robust online assortment to match, West Elm Market will help us to grow and gain relevance with core and new customers. We will open one additional standalone West Elm Market store in Vancouver this quarter, and we will add select assortments in 8 West Elm stores. We believe all these initiatives will uniquely position West Elm in the marketplace and allow us to capture additional share and drive growth in this brand. We're excited about our progress on our path towards building this into another $1 billion brand.
 And now, I will turn the call over to Julie for additional details on our Q3 performance and our Q4 and full year 2012 financial guidance. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon. For the quarter, net revenues increased 9% to $945 million, with 15% growth in the direct-to-customer channel and 3% comparable-stores sales growth in the retail channel. Diluted earnings per share increased 20% to $0.49 per share, with an operating margin of 8.4%, establishing a new high for any third quarter. As a result, our revenues, operating income and diluted earnings per share were again a record for any non-holiday quarter, all while simultaneously investing in our future growth.
 Comparable brand revenues increased 8.5%, with all brands contributing positive comparable brand growth, including the Williams-Sonoma brand, which achieved both sequential and year-over-year improvement. This growth was led by continued strong performance in Pottery Barn and West Elm, with renewed strength in Pottery Barn Kids. E-commerce revenues for the quarter increased 17%, driving direct-to-customer revenues to 47% of total company revenues versus 45% last year. Gross margin improved 70 basis points versus last year to 39% and was primarily driven by the leverage of occupancy cost. Most importantly, year-over-year selling margins increased on a sequential basis from the second quarter with improvements in nearly every brand. Product margins were up year-over-year and have continued to improve from the beginning of the year across all brands. Occupancy cost leveraged over 60 basis points, including an increase in occupancy expense to $130 million during the quarter versus $125 million last year, primarily driven by increased store lease obligations and new infrastructure to support our information technology initiatives.
 SG&A increased 20 basis points versus last year to 30.6%, primarily driven by higher employment and other expenses, including the planned incremental investments to support our e-commerce, global expansion and business development growth strategies.
 I would now like to comment on our third quarter operating margin in each of our business segments. As mentioned earlier, total company operating margin at 8.4% established a new high for the third quarter, with a 50 basis point improvement over last year. A 90 basis point increase in the direct-to-customer segment to 22.5% and a 20 basis point reduction in corporate unallocated expenses to 6.9% were partially offset by a 90 basis point decrease in the retail segment to 8.8%. The 90 basis point improvement in the direct-to-customer segment was primarily driven by sales leverage of occupancy and employment costs and greater advertising efficiency, partially offset by lower selling margins due to shipping reductions. This speaks again to the power of our operating model, allowing us to drive sales by using advertising dollars to give value back to the customer through free shipping.
 At $101 million, the direct-to-customer operating income is again the highest quarterly segment operating income ever recorded in either segment for a non-holiday quarter. The 90 basis point decrease in the retail segment was primarily driven by increased employment and other expenses to support service and growth initiatives, including new store openings, partially offset by occupancy cost leverage and improved selling margins. The 20 basis point improvement in the corporate unallocated segment was primarily driven by reductions in general expenses and further sales leverage of increased employment expense.
 From a balance sheet perspective, the third quarter highlights were as follows: Cash at the end of the quarter was $262 million versus $379 million last year for a net decrease of $117 million. Though cash provided by operating activities actually increased $44 million on a trailing 12-month basis, the increase was offset primarily by additional year-over-year spending on share repurchases and dividends and additional capital spending to support our growth initiatives. Merchandise inventories increased $62 million or 10% to $688 million, which was consistent with our expectations and materially in line with our revenue growth. This inventory level is to improve our in-stock inventory positions and to drive sales.
 I would now like to discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2012 guidance. We are pleased with the progress we have made and are confident in delivering the full year. Our fourth quarter guidance for net revenues is estimated to be in the range of $1,360,000,000 to $1,400,000,000, and our EPS is estimated to be in the range of $1.21 to $1.28 per share, with operating margin of 14.5% to 15.1%. Our fourth quarter guidance includes the impact from our incremental SG&A spend to support our strategic growth initiatives, the impact of the acceleration of our global expansion into Australia in early fiscal 2013 and the estimated impact from Hurricane Sandy.
 Turning to our full year guidance, while the recent storms have made it harder to forecast our business in the short term, we are raising our fiscal year outlook by $0.01 to a non-GAAP EPS range of $2.45 to $2.52 due to our strong results throughout the year. This now represents fiscal year EPS guidance that is $0.05 over the high end of our original fiscal year guidance and would be the highest diluted earnings per share in the history of our company. It is important to note, this fiscal year EPS guidance also reflects the estimated $0.02 negative weighted share impact on the sum of the quarters. Additionally, fiscal year net revenues are now expected to be in the range of $3,995,000,000 to $4,035,000,000, which would represent record revenues. For all other fiscal year 2012 guidance, please see today's press release.
 In conclusion, we are particularly pleased with our results this quarter because they demonstrate our ability to consistently deliver against both our near- and longer-term objectives. Throughout the year, we have communicated how energized and excited we are about our future. This excitement exists from our associates in our stores, our care centers and our corporate staff, to our supply chain associates around the world. This quarter also demonstrates the commitment of our executive team to deliver value to our shareholders through consistent and predicable performance, while building the foundation to investments in our future that will yield further returns.
 While the events of the past 2 weeks may have hampered our ability to forecast the very near term with total accuracy, we are confident that the strategy and discipline that have driven our performance in the first 3 quarters of the year are firmly in place to achieve excellent results for our shareholders this year. Q3 represents another record quarter for Williams-Sonoma Inc. and illustrates our commitment to profitable growth. We are committed to delivering our full year guidance.
 I would now like to open up the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs. 
Matthew Fassler: Two quick questions. You alluded to the challenge in predicting the business or incremental challenge predicting the business in the wake of the storms. Assuming that there's some volatility in the business, you might clarify that a bit. Is the geographic nature of the location of the volatility suggesting that it is in fact due primarily to the storms because they're happening mostly in the Northeast? Or are you seeing it happen or transpire more broadly across the chain? 
Laura Alber: Thanks for the question, Matthew. We're at 2.5 weeks, I think, into the quarter. And of course, the storm happened in the first week. So it's been a very short period of time, but we see strength in our business. And as we get further away from the storm, we see improvement. The whole country doesn't even have power still, as you probably know very well because you're there, and there's still a lot of people just kind of getting back to normal. But with that said, of course, we measure everything affected, non-affected areas. And it's clear to us that we have strong business performance. And we don't see any difference going into Q4 and our ability to run our business and deliver results than we have throughout the year. And in fact, on a relative basis, we feel more prepared going into the fourth quarter than we have any other time this year. But there is uncertainty out there, and we are recovering from one of the biggest storms we've had in recent memory, and we love what our associates have done. If that's any indication of their commitment, we know they're going to be there for our customers throughout the quarter. And I just -- I think on that point, so much has been done by our associates during this time that I just -- I'd like to have just a minute for Pat just sort of share some of those stories because it really speaks to the kind of ownership that we have in this company. 
Pat Connolly: Thanks, Laura. Matt, our West Elm team had a special event over in Dumbo around their West Elm Market opening and several hundred people came, right? Almost right after -- right in the storm, and it was a real gathering point for them. The team did a public service day and went to one of the affected communities and worked. We had to cancel an artisan market in Williams-Sonoma. We knew those vendors were counting on that money, and so we rescheduled it right away and had it to great success up in our Columbus Circle store, and we just -- as I know you've heard from some of your associates there, some of our people walked the entire length of Manhattan to get to the stores when they couldn't get gas. I mean, the stories go on and on, but we're just so pleased with the commitment of our associates and their commitment to really deliver and serve the customer. 
Matthew Fassler: Well, having had dinner across the street from your Dumbo store on Saturday, I'm happy to say it's in good shape, but... 
Laura Alber: Yes, it's amazing, what -- and Pat didn't mention, but we had so little damage because in advance of the storm, everybody just spent the whole couple of days before moving product out of low-lying areas. Some people didn't really think it would hit as hard as it did, but everybody just took it on their own to make sure that the product was out of harm's way and Westport, of course, was hurt, but that's it. We had a store that was being constructed, and we boarded it up, and we've been very fortunate. But it really is because our associates care so much, and we care about them. We've been generous with them as well. 
Matthew Fassler: One quick follow-up question. Your merchandise margins have kind of come all the way back. And it's happened quickly, relatively quickly given the hit that you took last year. Your fourth quarter margin compare, as you all know, is the easiest of the year given the challenges that you had in the fourth quarter of last year. Within your guidance, what's your thought process on the merch margin dynamic? Are you giving yourself some leeway for an unpredictable environment? Do you feel like the trajectory that you're on can continue here? 
Laura Alber: Sure. In Q3, we saw a competitive environment, and we outperformed, and we expect to do the same this holiday season. But it's very promotional out there, and it might get more so as we move further into the season. We said all year long that we are ready to be promotional. We are confident of our lineup of product, and we have a plan to be competitive. Competitive pricing is a key part of our strategy. We know the customer expects, responds to promotions, and we don't think this is going to change. And we are so pleased in Q3 that we were able to drive higher merchandise margins while executing on these strategies. And we're going to be competitive this holiday, and we're well poised for this fourth quarter. 
Operator: We'll go next to Daniel Hofkin with William Blair. 
Daniel Hofkin: So if I could just maybe amplify a little bit on the gross margin. Did I conclude correctly that you saw overall -- not just some of them, but overall gross margin improvement in both the retail and direct channel? 
Julie Whalen: So in the direct channel, we saw that selling margins were actually down, but in the retail channel, selling margins were up. But overall, I think the big story, I think similar to our conversation last quarter is that gross margin in total year-over-year is up primarily due to occupancy. But when you dig into that, the big story is that the selling margins again sequentially are improving across nearly all brands. And when you look at the product margins, they are up year-over-year. And from the beginning of the year, they've improved across all brands. So we see strong momentum in our margin throughout the company. 
Daniel Hofkin: Okay. And then within the direct, you said selling margin is down. What was the primary factor there? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. That's again speaking to our favorite words, the power of our operating model. Remember that in the DTC channel that when we give free shipping, that hits our gross margin line, but we offset that with the efficiencies in our advertising, which hits SG&A. So when you look at that -- when you look at each of those separately, you're going to see a disconnect there. But again, when you look at the operating margin in total for the DTC channel, it's substantially improved and is one of the highest margins we've had, so we feel very strong about that. 
Daniel Hofkin: Great. And if I could just expand a little bit on Matt's question, I recognize the visibility at this early stage is very limited. If you could just maybe give us some sense for how much incremental conservatism you built in, in terms of sales and profits based on Sandy-related impact, that might be helpful. 
Julie Whalen: Yes. We're obviously not quantifying that. What we have said is that in Q4, there are 3 things that are impacting our number. The first is, as you know, we've been talking about all year, our incremental SG&A investment to support our strategic growth initiatives. That's reflected in Q4. We also have the exciting opportunity regarding our global expansion for Australia. That's happening in early fiscal 2013, but we're incurring some of those costs. We've told you before, that's $0.02. That actually is being incurred in 2012 for benefits that are happening in the future and then we have the near-term impact of Hurricane Sandy, which obviously as we've said in our prepared remarks, is really hard to forecast, but that is reflected in our Q4 guidance. But keep in mind, I want to make sure everyone's focus on the bigger picture that at the end of the day, when you look at the full year -- and again, we're working towards a longer-term vision. When you look at the full year, we are still raising our guidance. We still have the highest revenue and the highest earnings in the history of the company. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll move next to Peter Benedict with Robert W. Baird. 
Justin Kleber: It's actually Justin on for Pete. Julie, just regarding the $20 million in incremental expense that you've talked about throughout the year, can you just help us understand the timing of how that has flowed through the P&L? Is it fair to assume that the bulk of spend -- or the spend is more heavy here in the fourth quarter versus the other quarters of this year? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. I figured it wouldn't be long before I get that question. As we have said throughout the year, we're not providing you exactly how that spend is flowing through. But we've said it's relatively ratable. But as you know, as we're growing a business to $10 billion, we're going to have to spend some money upfront before future returns. And so that is just a small piece of a much bigger picture that we're excited about. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Laura Champine with Canaccord. 
Laura Champine: Julie, so once again, we're trying to reconcile the Q4 guidance with what was implied when you gave Q3 guidance, which obviously -- how much is the expense or the drag from the Australian stores, which I don't think was in that guidance at the time? 
Julie Whalen: Yes. We quantified that for you before, it was $0.02 impact. 
Laura Champine: And that $0.02 hits in Q4? 
Julie Whalen: Predominantly, yes. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Feldman with Telsey Advisory Group. 
Joseph Feldman: I wanted to ask, you mentioned that we've seen the inventory issues at the Pottery Barn Teen brand. Just wondering, are there any other areas where you feel you were maybe a little light that you need to get more, you would have had higher sales? Or if conversely, where you are a little heavy, and where you might have to promote for the holiday season? 
Laura Alber: All of the above. It's always that way in retail. But the great news is, in total, our inventory is really well poised for the fourth quarter. We're clean. We have -- Halloween was a success, and we're in good shape. We're also in better stock than we were last year. We learned a lot about how late in the season people shop and how important it is to have the goods when they want them. And so we think that'll be a real benefit as we get into the high gift-giving time of year. 
Operator: We'll move on to David Magee with SunTrust. 
David Magee: Just thinking some more about the fourth quarter. I know last year was pretty promotional, and you've alluded to the fact that this year might be promotional as well. I'm just, on a relative basis, can you compare the 2? And how might you deal with it better this year than last year? 
Laura Alber: Yes. I mean, it was competitive in Q3, and you saw the results there. Our planned promotional strategy is working. We also learned from some of the things that didn't work as well last year. And so we know what was incremental and what wasn't, what the customer responds to. And we have a lot of different ways to market to our customers. We try different things, and we roll them out across different brands based on how they work in one brand, and that's a great benefit of having a multi-brand company. I'd say that it is as promotional as it was last year. The storm, I think, caused some short-term gluts in some products that people thought they would clear before Christmas, and you're seeing that. I mean, if you go to the mall, you can see a lot of events going on in-store, and we're prepared for that. We said, we thought that would happen, and we have a very, very competitive strategy for the rest of the year, and it's a state of mind. We're not going to let people take business from us. 
Operator: We'll take the next question from Brad Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Bradley Thomas: I want to just focus on the real estate portfolio a little bit. When we look at the Williams-Sonoma brand and the Pottery Barn brand, in both cases did at similar levels to openings as closings. I was hoping you could just talk a little bit about where those 2 concepts stand in terms of stores that you're pleased with, stores that you'd like to remodel, stores maybe that you'd like to relocate as we think about the opportunity over the next few years? 
Laura Alber: Sure. Company-wide, we have a very disciplined approach to real estate, and we look at it regularly. We set high profitability levels for each store, and we conduct market-by-market reviews of our fleet, and it's resulted in a very profitable real estate portfolio. And we have closed stores that are underperforming or where the rent doesn't make sense relative to our hurdle rate. And we've opened other stores based on opportunity we see in the market, and we'll continue to do that. And so we have areas, stores, I should say, that we are planning to prune over the next 3 to 5 years. In Sonoma, we have some; and in Kids, we have some. But relative to other retailers, we have a very profitable retail fleet. We don't have unprofitable stores to the extent that other people have because of this high hurdle rate that we've always lived with. 
Operator: We'll go next to Neely Tamminga with Piper Jaffray. 
Neely Tamminga: This is Neely Tamminga. A question for you guys on actually Mark and Graham. Well, I think it is actually fantastic done with respect to launching this in terms of where we are going with personalization. But when I'm on Mark and Graham, I kind of feel like there are logical categories that you guys have not yet maybe launched, and so it's a two-part question. One, what's been some of your early learnings? And candidly, what's keeping you from kind of doing even more with personalization even beyond monograms, whether it be photo uploads from Instagram or even they can do some stationary-type categories what-have-you. Could you speak a little bit more about what your longer-term vision is for this? 
Laura Alber: Sure. Great question. We are so pleased with Mark and Graham's launch as it represents really the entrepreneurial spirit of our company, and it really is everybody's mindset to look for white space and to say, how do we do a better job? And while we have monogramming in each of our brands, many of our brands you think about buying for yourself first. And I think when you look at the presentation of Mark and Graham and also the website, it is really -- it makes you think about gifts, and it's such a wonderful experience. The shopping path to the monogram personalized item is very simple. The box, I don't know if you've ordered anything, but when you do send something, I think you'll be absolutely delighted by the out-of-box experience and how beautiful it is. And there's such value in that to the customer. We have a lot more to go in terms of product expansion. It's a very edited assortment. We literally took as much time to identify the right monograms on products so that we had great combinations as we did in identifying the products. So that nobody can make a mistake and order something that doesn't look good together. So scale and color combinations were all really carefully chosen as was, as I said earlier, the packaging, and we're going to learn a lot. It's been in home what, 2 days. Monday was a postal holiday, so it just got in home on Tuesday. We mailed a very select group of customers. So far; so good. I can't tell you what the bestseller is because we've kept it a secret even from our associates because we're doing a contest to see who picks it. But we're very pleased, and we believe it will be absolutely incremental to our other brands. We also like it because it inspires all the brands to think about what else they can do. And it's an interesting story in Williams-Sonoma, we launched Verismo, and we wondered what would happen to the rest of our coffee machines. And the most fascinating thing happened when we launched it, which is, that espresso sales went up because the launch of Verismo brought attention to the category. And we think we have the same opportunity with Mark and Graham with our other brands' monogram selection. 
Operator: We'll take the next question from Christopher Horvers with JPMorgan. 
Christopher Horvers: Could you give us a flavor of the dialogue with some of the branded manufacturers ahead of the holiday season? It seems like perhaps Le Creuset is no longer at Bloomingdale's. Curious if that's representative of the mood out there? And related to that, you've seen some of the big-box guys come in and say, hey, you know what, we'll match prices on Amazon. Do you have a policy in that? And how are you thinking about that? 
Laura Alber: We're looking for exclusive products with our vendors, and we want the best. And so we do have things others carry. What I will tell you is that versus last year, there's less of a gap. We decided to be more competitive, and we also reduced our shipping, and that's made a big difference because that was in the way of the value equation for some of our customers. And also, Amazon is having to collect tax in more states and that also helps us. 
Operator: And Greg Melich with ISI Group has the next question. 
Gregory Melich: I want to get into the fourth quarter outlook and the 3 things you listed that would pressure EBIT margins. Can you just confirm that gross margins, that you do expect them in the fourth quarter to continue to improve product margins? Or is that also likely to roll over just given the mix and the promotions? 
Julie Whalen: Unfortunately, we don't provide guidance on the gross margin line level. But the guidance we provided is at the operating margin level. And so I don't know if you still have the question about the 3 items that are impacting it, but again, it's the $0.02 impact from Australia, it's our SG&A investments we've been talking about all year and the estimated impact from Hurricane Sandy. 
Gregory Melich: Well, then, maybe on the 3 things that you did list, is it -- how do those things match up today versus 3 months ago when you were planning them? I know there was a question before on that a little bit, but if you were to say today versus 3 months ago, how has the planning changed just given what's worked and what hasn't worked? 
Julie Whalen: There isn't any change. The only thing we didn't obviously know about was the storm that happened a week ago. But everything else is the same in our guidance. 
Operator: The next question will come from Dave Gober with Morgan Stanley. 
David Gober: Just had a bigger-picture question, for the last several years, the company's been focused absolutely on what you can control and not on the macro environment. You mentioned a little bit that you've invested in the home renovation category, but I'm just curious if you see any changes as we started to hear some improvement in the broader housing market, and we've heard that from a number of different companies. Are you seeing that in your results? Are you seeing more furniture sales because of that? Or are you expecting to see a change in the mix of the business over the next 6 to 9 months or so because of that dynamic? 
Laura Alber: Yes. It's a really good question. We look at a lot of different parts of our business to try to discern what's going on. I do think there's a positive uptick there because when you move, you update a lot of things in your house that are core, whether it's bath towels or bath mats. Curtains are often -- you don't change your curtains unless you move. And some of those categories are doing better now than they were before. It's early in the cycle. We know that a housing recovery would be very good for us obviously and particularly for our Kids and Teen business. Because oftentimes, the reason you move is to have another bedroom for a child and then that bedroom requires furniture, and it's fun to redecorate, and it's -- I know it too well. I've been in the same house for a while that you don't change much when you don't move. You buy decorative accessories. You buy pillows, unless you're doing a room over. And so I do think that we are seeing the benefit from a slight housing uptick. And I expect that we're going to see more, and we are building strategies to capitalize on it. Pat? 
Pat Connolly: Yes, just a little bit to add on to that, Dave. The beauty of that we have here with the e-commerce site is that we can test these categories very quickly online, decide which of these, of the classifications are working the best before we roll them out to the stores. And that's what we did in Pottery Barn and if you go to the site and look at the bed and bath renovation area, we, in anticipation of the housing recovery, we started working on that a year ago. And really, we're able to fine tune that and build it up to be a pretty substantial business, and then we can extend that out to the stores once we know exactly what is going to be responsive to the customer. 
Operator: We'll hear next from Michael Baker with Deutsche Bank. 
Michael Baker: So understanding that you're already planning for a more promotional fourth quarter, are you seeing it now be more promotional than you had originally planned? Is that something that's leading to the little bit of a downtick in the fourth quarter guidance versus where it previously was? And does Sandy make it be more promotional because you've lost some sales and you got to win it back? While I have you, related to margins and promotion, can you tell us the thought process behind eliminating the Williams-Sonoma Reserve? One big question. 
Laura Alber: Good job. I am not surprised by the level of promotions, and we are well prepared to handle it. So that's the first thing. Sandy, of course, for us the thing that would be impacted is Thanksgiving, right? Because elections, Sandy, you have 1 week left, and that's an example of a product category that are we little more promotional on? Yes, you could go to our stores and see it, then we were. But we're not -- it's not drastic promotion. But we're not going to sit on those goods post-Thanksgiving. We're on it. So it's -- thats a time-sensitive holiday. Obviously, that it doesn't surprise you, it would be impacted. I think a lot of people, they've had a lot on their minds lately and you're going to see big shopping this weekend, big shopping next week as people remember, we got to get Thanksgiving together. So that's the first thing. Williams-Sonoma Reserve, we got more competitive on our shipping. So we're doing our $49 threshold shipping. We gave -- go ahead and answer it Pat. 
Pat Connolly: And Michael, on the people who were Reserve members, we extended a full year of free shipping to them at no charge because. Because we did go with the $49, and we studied that for quite a while. And because weve continued it, and we did it, you know what the impact is. We're very pleased with the results. 
Operator: And we have time for one last question from Marni Shapiro with The Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: Could we just stick on Williams-Sonoma for 2 more seconds here. If you can just talk about credit cardholder penetration there? And could you also talk about 2 things, I notice you still have the home assortment on there. Not something youre moving forward store-wise it sounds like, but it looks good online. It's obviously not doing poorly, it's still there, and it looks nice. So if you could just touch on it a little bit. And if you can also touch on the food because it looks like you guys have really branched out in the food. For a while, you guys led the pack and everyone followed you. So I guess, are you feeling good about your assortment going into the holidays? And are you able to really keep a step ahead of everybody, you feeling good about that? 
Laura Alber: Yes, thank you for the question. So on the credit cards, we're pleased with the results. It's a great way for us to build loyalty with our customer and communicate with them through another means. We haven't given the percentage. We still have a lot of opportunity with it, honestly. So in sports innings, maybe third inning. Williams-Sonoma home, we see it as a strategic opportunity over the long haul because there's still space in the marketplace for higher-end home. You'll start to see us in the fourth quarter bring in some new great gifts, and we are continually testing new things so that we can drive some more sales in Williams-Sonoma home. We are now -- last year, about this time was when we put it on the same site as Williams-Sonoma, and so we're full year on that, and it makes it easier for us to read the business. The things we're excited about food, yes. We have an extended assortment of perishable food that's excellent for the fourth quarter, and we love our new imagery. I don't know if you've been able to look through the holiday catalog, but the imagery online and in the catalog is really fresh and inspiring. I don't think the croissants have ever looked better. We're also -- you didn't ask, but I can't help but take advantage of the question on Williams-Sonoma and what else we're looking forward to. I think you probably saw yesterday the launch of our cookware and our smart tools. The cookware is just amazing. We've all been using it. It heats up 25% faster, which is -- than anything in the marketplace by the way, which allows you to cook more evenly. But also when you're done cooking, it doesn't overcook because it also then releases the heat more quickly. And we have so many qualities to the cookware to brag about. Pat, you want to talk about a few of them? 
Pat Connolly: Well, thanks, Laura. I've using it here for about 6 to 8 months. I think that the handles in particular, you're going to love them. They're very nice in the hand. As Laura pointed out, the even temperature is a big thing. The pans, like the saut and frying pans, so much thought went into them. They're each a little bit higher, and so it makes a very significant difference. You don't get as much splatter. It's just a much better cooking experience. It's the first of what is going to be a very extensive launch in this area. The lids are double walled. No one else uses double-walled lids, and so it provides very even temperature, keeps the food warm when you take it off the pan. It's all those little things that both the home chef and the professional chef will enjoy. 
Laura Alber: And also, my favorite product for the holidays, I'm going to be giving to a lot of people here is the iPad speaker and stand that we just launched, and it's not even in our stores yet. It's online, you can look at it there. It's also on the Apple Store website, and it will be in their stores upcoming. They were so impressed with the product that they wanted to run it. And it's the first time we've ever let anyone run one of our products outside of our brands before, and we think it's a wonderful opportunity to extend our product to new customers. And the reason why it's so great, first of all, it looks great in the kitchen, it's simple. You can look at the screen from close-up and far away. The quality of sound -- I'm not a big speaker person, but you can hear the difference. It is significant versus what else is on the market even at higher prices, which is the other impressive piece about it, which is how good the sound quality is on it. And so that is a great gift for someone so that they can download recipes, listen to videos, YouTube, as they cook in their kitchen. 
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I'll now turn the conference call back over to Ms. Alber for any additional or closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: Well, I want to thank you all for joining us again this afternoon. We appreciate your time very much and your continued support, and we'll speak with you again next quarter. 
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude our conference call for today. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-21 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. I would like to turn the call over to Steve Nelson, Vice President of Investor Relations to discuss non-GAAP measures and forward-looking statements. 
Stephen Nelson: Good afternoon. This afternoon's call should be considered in conjunction with the press releases that we issued earlier today.
 Our earnings press release and this call contain non-GAAP financial measures that exclude the impact of unusual business events. These non-GAAP financial measures are provided to facilitate meaningful year-over-year comparisons. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and an explanation of why these non-GAAP financial measures are useful are discussed in Exhibit 1 and elsewhere in the earnings release.
 The forward-looking statements included in this morning -- this afternoon's call constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, trends, guidance, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2012 and beyond and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company's current press releases and SEC filings, including the most recent 10-Q, for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call. 
 I will now turn the conference call to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer, to discuss our second quarter 2012 results and our outlook for Q3 and fiscal year 2012. 
Laura Alber: Thank you, Steve. Good afternoon, and thank you, all for joining us at our new time. On the call today are Pat Connolly, our Chief Marketing Officer, and Julie Whalen, our newly appointed Chief Financial Officer. I couldn't be more pleased to have Julie in her official role for this call. It's such an important appointment for us, and Julie brings a wealth of internal experience and has been an incredible partner to me. I know many of you have met her and have sent me very complimentary notes, and I look forward to all of you getting to know her better and to many years of success with her as our CFO.
 Today, we'll be discussing our second quarter 2012 results and our outlook for the third quarter and fiscal year. During the quarter, we delivered strong performance in revenues, operating margins and earnings per share. Diluted earnings per share grew 16% on net revenue growth of 7%, with comparable brand revenue growth accelerating from 5.4% in Q1 to 7.4% in Q2. Also during the quarter, e-commerce net revenues increased 14%. 
 Most importantly, we drove this growth in revenue and earnings while simultaneously investing in our long-term growth initiative. All brands contributed to these results. Pottery Barn and West Elm again performed very well during the quarter. Pottery Barn Kids and Pottery Barn Teens both posted year-over-year increases, and Williams-Sonoma improved its revenue trend versus the prior quarter. This performance demonstrates to us that the strategies we are executing in each of our brands are working. 
 As we outlined in the beginning of year, our growth long term is going to come from 3 areas: growing our core brands, new brands and global expansion. Foundational to our growth strategies are e-commerce and supply chain, and we continue to make investments in both to improve customer service and quality. 
 In e-commerce, we implemented enhancements that further improve the shopping experience. We improved site navigation to accommodate our growing product assortment, making easier for our customers to find and buy. Data and algorithmically driven product recommendations, which we began implementing last fall, are having a measurable impact on increasing revenue per visitor. 
 In e-marketing, our focus on relevance in all of our marketing streams contributed to increases in advertising productivity.
 In supply chain, we continue to be focused on improving the customer experience while reducing cost, and this quarter, we made progress against that initiative. 
 And now let's talk about our core brand.  In the Williams-Sonoma brand, comparable brand revenues decreased 0.4%. We are pleased with the progress we are beginning to see in the Williams-Sonoma brand as we execute the transformational strategies we have previously outlined for you. In addition to the improvement in revenue trends, we also saw substantial improvement in our selling margins on a sequential basis, and our product margins were up on a year-over-year. This is a very encouraging trend. It demonstrates that we can drive sales while at the same time improving our selling margins in this brand. 
 On the product front, we are meeting our internal targets for increasing our ratio of exclusive products, and we're improving our marketing and customer engagement. In the second quarter, in the areas we have -- where we have the highest percent of exclusive products, electrics, tabletop and agrarian, we had strong increases. As we introduce more innovative and exclusive products across all categories, we expect to see gradual and incremental improvement.
 One example that we can tell you about today is the new Verismo system by Starbucks, the first at-home premium single-cup machine that makes espresso, brewed coffee and lattes all in one and meets Starbucks' commitment to taste and quality. Williams-Sonoma will be the first retailer to launch the platform, and we will carry our own exclusive premium model. We will also be selling Starbucks espresso, coffee and milk pods in our stores and online for easy access and replenishment. The availability of Starbucks Verismo pods combined with this versatile machine will appeal to our customers' desire to create an authentic Starbucks caf experience in their home. This is but one example of the series of product launches that we'll be introducing during the balance of the year, and we look forward to sharing these product introductions with you.
 In addition to exclusive product debuts, we are increasing our seasonal assortment. For example, based on last year's success with Halloween, we'll be carrying a 50% increase in Halloween-related SKUs and giving it dominant marketing in stores and online. 
 On the marketing front in Q2, we made several enhancements to our catalog, website and in-store displays, executing on our strategy to develop a differentiated and powerful voice across all channels. We will continue to refine our marketing, maximizing the unique potential of each channel to deliver consistent and compelling narratives around our products, our categories and our authority as the leader in cooking and entertaining.
 In support of our strategic initiative to improve overall customer experience and further differentiate the brand, we are focusing at retail on our selling culture and the engagement of our retail associates. In Q2, we made significant progress in rolling out our clienteling initiative and associate training program designed to elevate products and culinary expertise for all associates. Our clienteling initiative under way in the Pottery Barn brand is a significant part of our current success. Overall, we believe that clienteling can have a similar impact in the Williams-Sonoma brand, and we are just getting started. We are pleased with the progress in our Williams-Sonoma brand and look forward to updating you on the brand's progress.
 I would now like to talk about Pottery Barn. In the Pottery Barn brand, comparable brand revenues increased 12% and accelerated from the first quarter. The brand continues to deliver a dynamic and comprehensive assortment that inspires customers, bringing decorating and entertaining together with great value in new ways. 
 From a merchandising perspective, all key categories, including furniture, textiles, accessories and tabletop, delivered strong growth during the quarter. As we enter the third quarter, we are pleased with the response to our fall assortment. Customers are positively responding to our new rustic looks collection, and our furniture business is strong. 
 In Q3 and beyond, we will continue to create new experiences for our customers to make decorating easy, fast, fun and affordable through engaging in-store events, clienteling and complementary in-home design services. We are also focused on enhancing our website to make it the broadest expression of the brand, lending commerce and content to deliver a rich, inspirational and motivational shopping experience.
 Executing on these commitments will delight existing customers, attract new customers to the brand and allow us to capture significant additional market share.
 In the Pottery Barn Kids brand, comparable brand revenues increased 4% on top of 8% last year, with all key categories, including furniture, textiles and decorative accessories, contributing to this performance. Growth was also driven by strong consumer response to our expanded baby offering and registry, which are key initiatives at Pottery Barn Kids this year. Furniture was the strongest driver of the comparable-brand revenue growth, reflecting improved in-stock positions and successful new product introductions. 
 We are excited about the third quarter and the launch of our fall assortment. Demand has exceeded expectations for our new back-to-school gear collections, which include innovative products designed to support healthy eating for kids at lunchtime. Customers have also been responding well to our textiles, and we expect to see continued growth in baby. We are confident in our strategies for the remainder of the year.
 Next, I would like to talk about Pottery Barn Teen. PBteen comparable brand revenues were a positive 0.8% in the quarter on top of last year's 20% growth, and PBteen demand has shown steady improvements from Q1. We have strong consumer response to our textiles, which ran double-digit comps, led by our dorm initiative and early response our fall collection. The furniture category saw improvement in the latter part of the quarter as the brand began to improve its inventory position in key collections. These positive results in textiles and furniture were partially offset by softness in decorative accessories.
 In Q3, we have a series of exciting product launches. My favorite is our exclusive launch of Burton. As you probably know, Burton is the world's leading snowboard company. They own this market. And we worked with Jake Burton to design a line of home furnishings exclusively for PBteen that includes textiles and decorative accessories. It's a great collection, and we believe this collection will attract new customers to the brand and support the growth of our business.
 Lastly, I'd like to talk about West Elm. West Elm delivered a 16% comparable brand revenue increase on top of 29% last year, driven by double-digit growth in textiles, furniture, decorative accessories and lighting. We continue to drive new levels of profitability in this brand. This quarter, we refined our promotional strategy in-store, which led to higher margins in our retail channel, and we are seeing strong results in the direct channel through expanded assortments and compelling marketing messages. As we look forward to Q3 and Q4, we are going to expand our product lines and increase engagement with our customers in all of our channels, with a particular emphasis on seasonal and gift-giving. We have been aggressively seeking retail expansion opportunities. We opened 1 store in the second quarter and we will open additional 5 stores in the third quarter.
 Overall, we continue to execute on our multi-brand, multi-channel model, driven by dynamic, direct and digital marketing and outstanding customer service that we believe is a superior platform for retailing home furnishing. This combined with our innovative and proprietary products are all powerful differentiators. We are focused on elevating our performance in all areas, and we are investing in the future to reach our goal of growing this to a $1 billion brand. 
 Before I pass it to Julie, I want to spend a minute updating you on the progress we have made with our development of new brands and our global expansion strategy.
 In Rejuvenation, we opened an exciting new store in Berkeley, California and continue with our integration this brand into our company. In other new business development, we continue to work on new ideas, and I'm proud to announce that we will be launching a new DTC brand in early November of this year. One of the things that differentiates Williams-Sonoma, Inc. is our ability to launch new brands that can grow into substantial businesses. This is evidenced by Pottery Barn Kids, Pottery Barn Teens and West Elm, all of which we incubated here in the company and, collectively, account for over $1 billion in annual revenue. We will update you with more information on this new brand and the progress we are making on other new business ideas on our next call.
 Also this afternoon, we announced that we'll be opening our first company-operated stores outside of North America. We will be opening 4 stores in Sydney, Australia, a Williams-Sonoma, a West Elm, a Pottery Barn and a Pottery Barn Kids. We expect to open these stores in early fiscal 2013. We are tracking ahead of our original global time line because we are able to identify a compelling, strategic retail opportunity. Also, we opened 2 additional stores during the second quarter in Saudi Arabia with our franchise partner. In addition to these stores, we'll be opening the first Williams-Sonoma, West Elm and PBteen's store in the Middle East later this year. Further, in our direct business, we are shipping internationally to more than 95 countries.
 Last but not least, I want to tell you about something that I'm particularly proud of. Our recently opened Pottery Barn Kids store is the first store in Saudi Arabia that is operated by women and has women in management. This is an example of how we can not only drive earnings and sales, but how we can help make changes to improve the communities where we do business.
 Now, I will turn the conference call over to Julie for additional details on our Q2 financial performance and our Q3 and full year 2012 financial guidance. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon. For the quarter, net revenues increased 7% to $874 million, with 13% growth in the direct-to-customer channel and 4% comparable store sales growth in retail channel. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share increased 16% to $0.43 per share, and non-GAAP operating margin at 8% matched the highest ever for the second quarter. As a result, our revenues, operating income and diluted earnings per share were a record for any non-holiday quarter, while we simultaneously invested in our future growth.
 Comparable brand revenues increased 7%, led by strong performance in Pottery Barn and West Elm. E-commerce revenues for the quarter increased 14%, driving direct-to-customer revenues to 47% of total company revenues versus 45% last year. Gross margins improved 40 basis points versus last year to 38.3%. This increase was driven by the leverage of fixed occupancy costs and was partially offset by lower selling margins, including increasing our shipping value to our customers. 
 Selling margins on a sequential basis, however, increased 90 basis points from the first quarter, with the most significant improvement in the Williams-Sonoma brand. Occupancy expense was $124 million during the quarter versus $123 million last year.
 Non-GAAP SG&A increased 20 basis points versus last year to 30.2%, primarily driven by increased employment expenses, partially offset by greater advertising efficiency. Included in this increase in SG&A expense were the planned incremental investment to support our e-commerce, global expansion and business development growth strategy.
 I would now like to comment on our second quarter non-GAAP operating margin in each of our business segments. As mentioned earlier, total company non-GAAP operating margin at 8% matched our highest ever for the second quarter, a 30-basis-point increase in the direct-to-customer segment to 23% was offset by a 30-basis-point decrease in the retail segment to 8.4% and a 20-basis-point increase in corporate unallocated expenses to 7.3%. The 30-basis-point improvement in the direct-to-customer segment was primarily driven by greater advertising efficiencies and sales leverage of fixed occupancy costs, partially offset by lower selling margins and higher employment. At $95 million, the direct-to-customer operating income is the highest quarterly segment operating income ever recorded in either segment for a non-holiday quarter. The 30-basis-point decrease in the retail segment was driven by higher employment, partially offset by fixed occupancy cost leverage and improved selling margins. The 20-basis-point increase in the corporate unallocated segment was primarily driven by the planned incremental investment to support our global expansion in business development for our strategy.
 From a balance sheet perspective, the second quarter highlights were as follows: cash at the end of the quarter was $337 million versus $425 million last year, or a net decrease of $88 million. Though cash provided by operating activity has actually increased $60 million on a trailing 12-month basis, the increase was offset primarily by additional year-over-year spending on share repurchases and dividends as well as additional capital spending to support our growth initiatives. Merchandise inventories increased $60 million or 11% to $616 million, which was consistent with our expectations and was primarily to improve our in-stock inventory position and to drive sales in all of our brands.
 I would now like to discuss our third quarter and fiscal year 2012 guidance. We are very pleased with the progress we have made in the first half of this year, and our momentum entering the third quarter remains strong. Our third quarter guidance for net revenues is estimated to be in the range of $905 million to $925 million, and our non-GAAP EPS is estimated to be in the range of $0.43 to $0.46 per share. This assumes revenue growth of 4% to 7%, comparable brand revenue growth of 4% to 6% and a non-GAAP operating margin of 7.5% to 8.1%. We are again increasing our full year guidance to reflect the outperformance we saw in the second quarter. Therefore, for the year, non-GAAP diluted earnings per share are now expected to be in the range of $2.44 to $2.51 per share, which would be the highest diluted earnings per share in the history of our company.
 Net revenues are now expected to be in the range of $3.98 billion to $4.03 billion. It's important to note that our fiscal year EPS guidance reflects both a $0.02 negative weighted share effect on the sum of the quarters and a $0.02 impact from the incremental spend associated with the unplanned, early fiscal 2013 global expansion of our first retail store in Australia. Our capital spending guidance remains unchanged, however, as changes in the scope and timing of certain projects allow us today to absorb the additional construction costs of our 4 new stores in Sydney, Australia. For all other fiscal year 2012 guidance, please see today's press release for further details.
 In summary, we are pleased with our second quarter financial results, particularly because we drove these results while simultaneously investing in our future growth, and we are encouraged by our momentum entering the third quarter. 
 Lastly, I'd like to say thank you for the warm reception I have received from so many of you as I assumed my new role. Williams-Sonoma, Inc. is entering a new and exciting period of strategic growth, and I'm thrilled to be in this position today to help drive the initiatives that will lead us to this growth. I'm so proud to be a part of such a strong team that is committed to driving this company to be at new levels of performance and to increasing shareholder value. 
 I would now like to open up the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs. 
Matthew Fassler: My question relates to the shipping dynamic that you discussed. Where are we, I guess, in the evolution of free shipping as an offer across your brands? And if you think about the transition, presumably offering it to -- a greater array of offers, how far along are we towards what you expect the end game to be, both in terms of penetration within the business and impact on your margins? 
Laura Alber: Thanks, Matt. We use a variety of different promotions, as we've talked about before, to introduce the -- our customers to our brands and drive additional purchases. Free shipping is one of those promotions, and we have been running it, as we had planned to run it, this year. We do different things in different brands based on the dynamics in those brands, and we've seen a particular good response to running threshold shipping in Williams-Sonoma. It's really helped us increase conversion on branded goods, which tells us that when we improve the value, they'd rather buy the products from us. And so we've continued to run that promotion, as you probably all know, through this year. And the other thing that we've been able to do is that through the work we've done in supply chain, and I know we've talked about this a lot before, but all the costs the we've taken out and the improvements in quality and service to our customers, we've been able to reduce our costs and pass that along to our customers and reduce the income that we get from shipping. And so we are going to continue to do that, and our goal is to provide the finest shipping experience for our products and do so at a cost to the customer that they'd consider reasonable. 
Operator: And we will take our next question from Peter Benedict with Robert Baird. 
Peter Benedict: Nice to see the progress, obviously, at the Williams-Sonoma concept.  Maybe, Laura, you can talk about kind of how you envision that playing out over the balance of the year, what's kind of implied in the guidance, a continued improvement in -- for the comparable brand revenue growth?  And how about the selling margins? Are they envisioned to be actually up in the back half of the year through holiday? 
Laura Alber: In the beginning of this year, we shared with you what we believe would be the 3 key strategies to transform this business and to be not just on the defensive, but be on the offensive, because we know that our customer loves this brand. And every piece of research that we've done tells us that there's some things we can do but that we fundamentally have, still, such a powerful brand that really resonates with the customer, particularly for gift-giving. And so we've been executing against those strategies, the first thing, the product innovation and exclusive products, which is the cornerstone of the whole thing. And specifically, each quarter, we bring in more and more across categories. And last quarter, we told you that the first area that we could affect would be the tabletop, where the lead times are shorter, and we're on track, as we had predicted, with the business there. And we've also been working with our vendors and you've seen us launch new innovative products in-store that we are launching exclusively and really being right on trend with what is -- what customers are looking for, particularly in electrics. And so through the balance of this year, while very competitive to go through each one of them, we have substantial launches both in Q3 and Q4 that will continue to position Williams-Sonoma as the leader in cooking and entertaining and across a variety of product categories. The second piece of the program that we talked about was our marketing and, really, to help the customers understand better what we do and why the products that they're purchasing offer them a differentiated experience. And this is hand-in-hand with the training work that we're doing in our stores to better instruct our selling associates about why we were so excited to introduce specific products. And for example, we right now have a Bravo ice cream maker that is the only ice cream maker on the market where you can have your dinner party and the ice cream stays at the right consistency and doesn't cool down. You don't have to put it in the freezer to make it -- and then it freezes and then you have to serve it, it's very difficult. This one holds the temperature and then if you want it harder or softer, it's a push of a button. The marketing that we're talking about is how do we best explain that to the customer? And also, how do we tell the bigger story about the quality of our products?  Because we're using so many artisanal products and our food is so clean and free of so many of the things that aren't good for you. And we realized we had a big opportunity to better communicate that, and so you've seen in our recent catalog, our marketing from the farm, you see in the store the real focus on healthy living is really resonating with our customers. And the last thing that we're doing that we talk about a lot is our selling culture and to make sure that good service is selling. People come in to our stores because they want to buy something, and we have such an opportunity to do a better job. We have great sales associates, and we need to give them better tools and better training, and that's what we've been focused and using all that we know from our other brands in this brand. So we're making a lot of progress against these fronts. I told you earlier this year we'd measure each and every bit of it, we do that. And it sets us up, and I think not just for the fourth quarter but beyond. And that's -- you'll just continue to see gradual and incremental improvement. And it's, of course, assumed in our guidance for the balance of the year. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Matt McGinley from ISI Group. 
Matthew McGinley: From ISI Group. I have 2 questions on the expense you had in the quarter. You said that there is some additional SG&A expense that you had, and you originally guided to $15 million to $20 million of incremental expense in the year, did that -- was that more heavily weighted to the second quarter? Or how should we think about that gaining over the remainder of the year? And then on the capital spending, you're running pretty far below the original guidance you gave, and you maintain the $200 million to $220 million though only spent $70 million so far. Why are you running so far below plan right now, and what does that say about how -- where you could be by the end of the year? 
Julie Whalen: Okay, great. I'll take that, this is Julie. First of all, let me frame that question strategically in terms of the power of our operating model. In addition to looking at our business by brand and seeing sequential improvement in our brand, I think what -- hopefully, everyone's starting to appreciate is the power of our operating model. So if we continue to grow at a higher percent of our business in the DTC channel, we can drive higher profitability while making investments in our business, and that is something that is really rare to us. There's no one else our size that has this kind of balance and flexibility in their model. So because, as you know, most retailers do not post 50% of their business in the direct channel. So through this model, we are able to both generate the improvements you're seeing today while investing in our growth strategies to provide financial returns in the future. This model has allowed us to invest in new brands.  We have a new brand that's going to be launched in early November, new lines of business, PD Dorm, agrarian, et cetera, with more to come; new product partnerships, we just announced Starbucks and Burton; the development of more proprietary products in our Williams-Sonoma business; and, finally, our global expansion, which we just announced earlier today that we have accelerated. So all of this progress is extremely exciting and, again, only possible because of the power of our operating model. So to answer your question, what we're trying to strategically do, is to double our business. And there's going to be incremental spend ahead of the revenues to do that. And the fact that we've been able to fund this while still being profitability at record levels is really exciting for us. So what we are trying to hope is  that we can get people focused less on the $15 million to $20 million and how that plays out and be more committed to looking at us delivering the full year on the operating margin line as we continue to grow this business and, again, try to double it in the future in the next 10 years. As far as capital spending, we are tracking to our range of $200 million to $220 million. As we mentioned, we absorbed the additional construction costs associated with Australia. So it's just the timing of when the actual spend for capital spending will occur, but we do believe that we will actually be somewhere towards the high end of that range. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Feldman with Telsey Advisory. 
Joseph Feldman: We wanted to ask, what is, I guess, your biggest limiting factor in getting West Elm rolled out more quickly? I know we've talked about in the past, but I just kind of want to get an update of what you're seeing in the real estate front? And if I could sneak one more just sort of housekeeping one in, just was curious how much Rejuvenation actually added.  I know you called it out in the press release as helping to drive DTC. 
Laura Alber: Joe, we feel very good about our growth in West Elm. Last year, we told you we are going to be very sure about our retail model before we open stores, and so we're just now -- this is the quarter where we opened 5 stores. We're just going to -- you're going to see us open more now than we had in the beginning of the year and more than we had opened last year. But we really think it's the prudent thing to do. I mean, you want to really understand how stores perform in multi-store markets and how much more you can drive in direct and how big the assortment can be.  And so we -- there's no real reason to push it, and we're growing very fast as we speak. We feel very good about it and we want to do it with customer in mind, do a great job and keep the artistic bent to the brand and not miss a beat. So there's nothing gating it.  It's -- I think it's -- could we find a few more stores here and there that would add to it? Yes, probably. We are aggressively looking for stores, and we have great stores lined up for the balance of this year, as I had mentioned, and we're going to be able to see how they perform and use that to even more specifically refine the roadmap to more store openings. The second question about Rejuvenation, small. The point is that you just -- the volume goes into the DTC side, but it's a small number. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Budd Bugatch with Raymond James. 
Budd Bugatch: My question really relates to the guidance for the year and how to think about the mix between gross margin and SG&A given the fact that you are investing in the new -- in the initiatives and the fact that you're also attempting to developing more proprietary products. So how do we compare -- what do we think about the comparisons of that in the third and the fourth quarter, gross margin versus last year where you ran into some issues in the fourth quarter? How should we think about that numerically? And what can you specifically tell us about the way -- what's constructed inside the guidance? 
Julie Whalen: Okay, I'll take that, Budd. Obviously, as you guys know, we don't provide guidance on the gross margin SG&A line, but there's a couple of things I think you can think about to put it all together. One, gross margin, we've been saying, has been sequentially improving. Two, I would say that from an SG&A perspective, obviously, the impact of the investments that we talked to you guys about at the beginning of the year that are flowing through have less of an impact on Q3 and Q4 because our revenues are substantially higher. So -- and then we told you today that there's a $0.02 impact related to Australia that was completely unplanned. But we want to make sure everyone's grounded on the fact that we're obviously very confident in the guidance we put out that we're confident in our ability to -- our strategy is to the back of the year, but there's still a lot of uncertainties out there. We've got an election in a couple of months, we've got status of the global economy, so we don't want to get ahead of ourselves. So when you add that plus our investments and, again, the $0.02 weighted share effect in the full year, we think we're in the right spot. 
Operator: And our next question is from David Magee with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. 
David Magee: I just had a question regarding the move into Australia. I'm curious what you're thinking was behind using company-owned stores versus franchised, and how much you go from there to other countries? 
Laura Alber: Sure. Thanks, David. Australia is -- we're so excited that this is the first place we're going. We know a lot about Australia through our 51 venture,  and it ranks very high also on our affinity matrix for evaluating global opportunities. We know that the cultural attributes are very similar to ours.  It's an entertaining, cooking and gift-giving culture. There are large homes, our aesthetic is already popular there. There's limited competition. They love to cook, and, as I said, it's the strongest market for our DTC business outside of North America. And we also -- as we look at the world and where the economics are, Australia has the 14th-highest GDP per capita in the world and their economy grew at an average rate of 3.6% for over 15 years. And so we feel that there's a lot of things that came together very well. And we found the right location. We're opening a store across the street from a shopping center that has the second-highest volume of any shopping center in the southern hemisphere. So it's very exciting that we found the spot, and the math works, and it meets the same hurdle rates that we have set for ourselves domestically. It's the same language. I mean, it's -- I would guess that it's probably going be easier for us to do this than even our venture into the Middle East, where there were so many changes, and we've done that very successfully. So all added up to makes absolute sense, we should do it ourselves. I made the joke, we wouldn't franchise Texas. And there's a lot of places out there that we can own and operate our own business and make great profits there at the same time. So we also are just -- we're just thrilled to have this be our first market for all the reasons we talked about, and success is going be determined by the customer experience but also the achievement of our financial targets that we've set for ourselves. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Kate McShane, Citi Research. 
Kate McShane: I wondered, Laura, if you could comment at all about the overall pricing environment in the Williams -- for the Williams-Sonoma banner. Certainly, all the company-specific and merchandising changes you are making is making a big difference, but wondered if that has gotten any help here? And also wanted to see if you could comment at all on your response to your Halloween mini-catalog, because I know you've said in the past that that's always a very good -- the response to it is always a very good indication of how the Christmas holiday season will be. 
Laura Alber: Yes, I would just say you should order the costumes now if you want to get some. On the overall promotional environment, we've been saying all along that it's clear the customers are looking for quality, it's clear they're looking for value, and the retailers with compelling differentiated assortments are thriving, and great in-store experience and better product is what makes the difference, and building our brands is the most competitive thing that we can do. And what makes them come back to us is the product, the value and the experience, and we believe this is our long-term competitive advantage. And we have a culture of continuous improvement, and we have developed a strategy that's planned, it's measured, and we're seeing good response, and we're going to have promotions. We learned a lot from the promotions we ran last year. We're running much more effective promotions, both from a customer perspective but also from a profit perspective, and you're going to see us execute that this holiday season, and we're pleased with where we are. In terms of -- I think that was the 2 questions. In terms of what we're seeing in the broader competitive environment, I'm going to let Pat say a few words about the broader competitive environment and particularly the online environment. 
Pat Connolly: Well, thanks, Laura. And thanks for the question, Kate. I think the question you're really asking is we compete against such a broad range of companies.  How do we think about competition, and why do we believe that we will continue to capture market share both in North America and around the world as we start to expand? What we've done is we've come to believe we are at the intersection of lifestyle merchandising and analytics, and we'll compete against the commodity players with superior lifestyle merchandising, and we'll win against other lifestyle companies with superior analytics. As we said before, year after year, when Americans are asked, "What one thing says the most about you?" The #1 answer is, "The home I live in." And this the consumer that we're marketing to, and luckily, there a lot of them. And this consumers aspires to enhance their home as a reflection of who they are.  They want ideas and inspiration, they want confidence. They're not commodity shoppers. And we attract this customer with our lifestyle merchandising from our edited and original point of view in our products to how they are shown in the stores, in our catalogs and online. And I don't think anyone does it the way we do. And we combine that with superior analytics and this database built on 30 years of a direct heritage. We have 50 million households in our database that have purchased from us. Every month, we know the name and address of the retail customers that represent 75% of our sales. I don't think anyone else has that. And I think that's why we're gaining market share and why we believe that we are continuing to do so. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Laura Champine with Canaccord. 
Jason Smith: This is Jason Smith. I'm on the line for Laura today. I just want to ask if you could maybe give us a little bit more color about how you view inventory levels for the second half of the year? 
Julie Whalen: Sure, I'll take that. This is Julie. First of all, I think it's important to know that we're feeling very good about the health of our inventory. And we are basically back in stock from our -- the issue we had from last quarter. But you should know that our largest inventory increases are supporting our biggest growth drivers, and we are going to be investing in inventory. It's the right thing to do. We're carrying our base inventories way too low, and we are preparing our brands to be ready for Q4 in the beginning of 2013. So the reality is, there is -- what we're finding is there is no way to beat the sales unless you buy the merchandise. So right now, given what we're seeing in our underlying business trends in our global expansion, we need more inventory, and you'll see that to continue to happen throughout the year. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer. 
Brian Nagel: The question I wanted to ask is on gross margins, and I know others have touched on it, too. But if you look at yet a nice gross margin increase here in the second quarter, and it showed a pretty significant reversal from what we've seen over the last couple quarters. You mentioned the exclusive products, so I wondering if you could maybe drill down a little further to say the various -- if you could break down for us how should we be thinking about the gross margin gain we saw here in Q2 by components and maybe -- and describe the magnitude of each? 
Julie Whalen: Okay, this is Julie. I'll start and then pass it to Laura to follow up on it. But I think the couple things we want to make sure we get out is that we saw a sequential improvement. So, yes, year-over-year, the margins are down, but we saw a sequential improvement even from year end through Q1 through to Q2, and the biggest improvement was in the Williams-Sonoma brand. And in fact, in Williams-Sonoma, our product margin was up year-over-year. So I think Williams-Sonoma is one of the key drivers, and in fact, it's across just about every brand. Laura, do you want to add a little more detail on that? 
Laura Alber: Just in the selling margins world, there's so many different things that we did to achieve these results. It's everything from mix to selling, through fashion, to the way we handle the goods, packaging, the exclusive products that we developed, which has a higher margin, versus product that we buy and then a big one is having gone through the promotional environment last year really understanding which promotions drive what and being smarter about how we run promotion. 
Brian Nagel: Great. And then if I could just follow up with more of, I guess, a broad-based question. But when we look at the environment, there's been, I think, mixed signals out there in the overall consumer environment.  You guys clearly had good results today.  How much -- as you think about the sales acceleration you saw in the second quarter, I understand you have a lot going on at your company, but how much do you think that reflects an overall improving consumer environment here lately? 
Laura Alber: We're talking about Q2, so there was a lot of mixed consumer results during that quarter and I think we've recently gotten a few better pieces of news out there. Our focus is on really developing strategies to fuel our growth over the long term, and the foundation of that is our operating model, our culture of analytics and product innovation. And we've been at it for a while as we have a very specific plan, and we also have the flexibility to change. We listen to our customers. We stay hungry, we're humble and we're always looking for opportunities. We always want to have you tell us where we can do something better and improve our customer experience. And I think when you take all that together, both the attitude of the management team here and the people and the financial disciplines we have and then, as I said, the culture of analytics, the product innovation, our entrepreneurship, which is one of our core competencies, it's -- it all adds up to better results than our competition is getting. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Alan Rifkin with Barclays. 
Alan Rifkin: Laura, you mentioned that you'll be the first retailer to launch the Verismo platform. I was wondering if you could give a little bit more color with respect to that product, namely how long will your exclusivity be for? And how many SKUs are we talking about with respect to the machines versus the K-Cups? And I have a follow-up, if you don't mind. 
Laura Alber: Yes, I gave you as much information as I can. We're very excited about the launch. Starbucks has been a great partner of ours. And the cup of coffee that it makes is fantastic, the milk pods, all the convenience of it.  And we're thrilled to be in partnership with them. 
Alan Rifkin: Okay. And then you also mentioned you're happy with the internal targets that you've met on the Williams-Sonoma side of the business but continuing to develop exclusive and proprietary products. If those -- if the development continues to hit your plan, whatever that may be, and I know that in the past, you've said that branded product is slightly less than 50%, what can we expect in terms of the revenue mix at the Williams-Sonoma division between branded and proprietary product, let's say, at the end of this year or the end of next year? 
Laura Alber: Well, there's a lot of different ways to look at that. There is how many you offer, there's how much you sell.  And the reason we've had an approach that lasts more than a quarter is to really make sure that we are doing what's right and not just doing something for the sake of change, because our customer tells us that they're so pleased with the brand. It's not a brand that has a customer satisfaction issue. It's one they love, and we -- and so we have then measured about what we're changing, and I would say that if were to give you an answer today, I think it would be -- I think we'd be ahead of ourselves. We have a lot more to do. We're introducing and we're happy with what we're seeing in the areas that we've talked about and we will keep you absolutely posted as we go. We're here because people have watched our success, and there's been a lot of competition, so we have to play this one a little closer to the vest than we did in the past, because we don't want to share our strategies to our competitors. I hope you can understand that. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Brad Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Bradley Thomas: I wanted to just follow up on some of the previous questions about margins but maybe step back a little bit and look out over the next few years. Obviously, when we look at this year, there's some specific investments that you called out. The guidance for this year, operating margin to be up slightly to down slightly. As we look at the next few years and recognize there's still a cyclical opportunity, but by the same token, the company will have some areas it's investing. How are you thinking about the margin opportunities over the next few years? 
Julie Whalen: This is Julie. Brad, obviously, the goal is to improve the margin. I mean, I clearly would like to get back to at least last year's level, if not improve it further, but we do believe that there's sort of a new reality out there with from the promotional environment that we're continuing to perfect. As Laura mentioned, we are getting better and better at that, and I think that's one of the key strategies that we're going to have in place relative to our peers. So the goal is to get back to last year's levels or higher but full well knowing it's going be a harder environment to make that happen. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Marni Shapiro. This will be our last question. 
Marni Shapiro: I have a very -- you talked a little bit about being more in stock in inventory, and I was curious if that was across the brands or -- I'm noticing as I prowl through the stores and the Internet, West Elm seems particularly back-ordered in a lot of spots.  And I'm just curious if it was a little bit more specific to West Elm? And are you taking this point of view specifically at a West Elm or a Williams-Sonoma looking ahead to the holiday season, where, obviously, a backorder is a bigger issue because you might not have the patience to wait given the deadline of a holiday? 
Julie Whalen: Marni, this is Julie. I'll take that. Actually, we are investing across all of our brands. We are really beginning to realize, and especially in light of last quarter and the trends we're seeing and the analysis that we've done, that being in stock is critical. And so oftentimes, you can not be in stock and it comes later, but sometimes, you lose a sale. So it's really critical for us to be in stock across all of our brands, so I wouldn't say there's any particular brand that we're investing more in than the others. 
Marni Shapiro: Fantastic. And then if you think about the holiday season, have you guys upped the ante on the gifting? I know you've continued to do this over the last years, but I wasn't sure if you guys were happy with the mix last holiday or you'll continue to push the pedal on that. 
Laura Alber: I think there's always opportunity. And we checked it once, checked it twice, we check it every week. We've reviewed these by -- we use every piece of data that we have in our current selling, whether it's a Halloween costume or food selling, to make adjustments, and we're good at flexing the inventory. You've seen us do it before, so we're changing some things.  And we're reviewing photography for the holiday season, and we're very pleased with what we're seeing there, and then we make our investments and make changes based on what we see, and we're setting up our floor sets, and so it's a really big focus of all the teams right now.  And we're doing exactly what you are alluding to, which is we're getting -- we're all very focused on this gifting opportunity. And we know that our brands are top of mind for gifts. And we think we can do an even better job this year than we have in the past. 
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I'll now turn the conference back over to Ms. Alber for additional and closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. We really appreciate your time and interest and continued support, and we will speak with you again next quarter. 
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-22 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma Inc. First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. I'd now I'd like to turn the call over to Steve Nelson, Vice President of Investor Relations, to discuss non-GAAP measures and forward-looking statements. 
Stephen Nelson: Good morning. This morning's conference call should be considered in conjunction with the press release that we issued earlier today.
 Our press release and this call contains non-GAAP financial measures that exclude the impact of unusual business events. These non-GAAP financial measures are provided to facilitate meaningful year-over-year comparisons. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and an explanation of why these non-GAAP financial measures are useful are discussed in Exhibit 1 and elsewhere in the earnings release.
 The forward-looking statements included in this morning's call constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, trends, guidance, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2012 and beyond, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company's current press release and SEC filings, including our most recent Form 10-K for more information on these risks and uncertainties.
 The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call.
 I will now turn the conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer, to discuss our first quarter 2012 results and our outlook for fiscal year 2012. 
Laura Alber: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Pat Connolly, our chief Marketing Officer; and Julie Whalen, our acting Chief Financial Officer. Today, we want to share with you our first quarter 2012 results and our outlook for the second quarter and fiscal year. 
 In the first quarter, we delivered non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.34, our best first quarter earnings ever. This is a 13% increase over a year ago on revenue growth of 6%. Pottery Barn and West Elm performed exceptionally well during the quarter and drove our overall profit increase. These results demonstrate 3 fundamentals in differentiating strengths of our company: our portfolio of brands; the flexibility of our multichannel strategy; and our commitment to strong financial discipline. We know that each of our businesses will not always trend in the same direction in every quarter, as is the case in this first quarter. Pottery Barn and West Elm exhibited excellent grow during the quarter and drove our overall increase. Williams-Sonoma, Pottery Barn Kids and Pottery Barn Teen, however, experienced negative comparable brand revenue growth. 
 During the quarter, comparable brand revenues, in total, increased 5%, and e-commerce net revenues increased, in total, 12%. We are very pleased with the results we are seeing in Pottery Barn and West Elm and believe that these brands will deliver strong results throughout the year.
 While the Williams-Sonoma Pottery Barn Kids and Pottery Barn Teen brands did not perform as well as Pottery Barn and West Elm in terms of comparable brand revenue, we did see significant improvement in their merchandise margin performance relative to Q4. This planned year-over-year improvement on a sequential basis was most pronounced in Williams-Sonoma. This is an encouraging sign that our strategies are working.
 During the quarter, we executed against key elements of our long-term mission, to be the leading multichannel retailer of home furnishing and housewares in the world. In addition to driving record earnings in Q1, we invested in 3 key areas: e-commerce; global expansion; and new business development. 
 I would now like to talk about each of our brands, beginning with Williams-Sonoma. I'm going to start with Q1 results and then move on to update you on the status of our strategic growth initiatives in Williams-Sonoma. In Williams-Sonoma, which represents approximately 27% of our business on an annual basis, Q1 comparable brand revenues declined 3.2%. This excludes 110 basis point impact from the planned SKU reduction in the Williams-Sonoma Home assortment. A significant factor in the 3.2% decline was our decision not to anniversary a major cookware promotion that we offered in Q1 of last year. However, we did see positive comp increases in electrics, tabletop, entertaining and better-than-expected results in our newly launched agrarian assortment. On our last call, I shared our plan for Williams-Sonoma to reverse the decline that we saw over the last 2 quarters and achieve sustained profitable growth. We expect to see gradual improvement in this brand during the year as we execute our strategies, and we are making progress towards that plan across a number of initiatives.
 We are committed to being a leader in cooking and entertaining. Our focus is on transformational change in innovative proprietary products, in marketing and in customer engagement. 
 Within our product assortment, we are increasing the percentage of exclusive and innovative products. In the first quarter, we saw once again that where we had exclusivity and/or innovative products, our categories and our results were stronger. We saw particular strength in electrics, tabletops and from the April 5 launch of our agrarian assortment. As we discussed in our April press release, agrarian is a new category for the brand and extends our authority in the kitchen by advancing the healthy living and farm-to-table trends, which appeal to those customers interested in cultivating an awareness of where their food comes from. The initial response has been strong, and we expect to further differentiate our brand in the market with future innovative offerings in this category. We also increased our assortment of exclusive products in tabletop, entertaining and food, and we have seen a strong response to these proprietary innovative products, which gives us confidence that our product strategy is working.
 Marketing is the next critical area of our focus. Our strategy is to market our products more powerfully across all channels. The ability to communicate the stories behind our products consistently across multiple channels is a competitive advantage, and we are improving our marketing on all fronts. To lead this effort, we recently hired Anna Last, formerly Vice President and Editor-in-Chief from Martha Stewart's Everyday Food, as Executive Creative Director. She will begin leading our talented and tenured team later in Q2.
 Retail stores represent another significant competitive opportunity to enhance customer engagement and the overall customer experience. We are increasing our localized product and marketing efforts and in-store community events, including cooking classes and cookbook signings to drive customer engagement beyond the sale.
 We also believe that associate product knowledge is critical to differentiating Williams-Sonoma from others. In the first quarter, we focused on 2 key training initiatives in our stores. First, we expanded our Associate Product Training Program to elevate products and culinary expertise for all store associates. Second, we launched our in-store clienteling initiative, which strengthens the associate customer relationship by offering one-on-one service.
 Clienteling allows the associate to assist the customer and anticipate their future needs through personal interaction and online tools, both in the store and in the customer's home.
 Our goal is to provide an unparalleled customer experience that ultimately result in a higher average order size and higher number of transactions per customer per year. These programs have been tested and proven in our home furnishing concepts and are driving strong growth in those brands. Fundamental to the success of our product, marketing and customer engagement strategy is the talent in the Williams-Sonoma brand, and we have made some high-impact changes to the organization. Late last year, we reorganized our field organization, placing the Williams-Sonoma stores under a seasoned leader who has been driving significant growth in our home furnishing brands. During this quarter, we placed product development under the leadership of a very talented product development executive who has had a significant role in establishing a strong growth trajectory for the Pottery Barn brand, and earlier, I mentioned our recent addition of a new and highly experienced Creative Director.
 All of these efforts are aimed at further differentiating the Williams-Sonoma brand and taking its assortment and the customer experience to a new level in 2012 and beyond.
 I would now like to talk about Pottery Barn, our largest brand, which represents approximately 43% of our business on an annual basis. In Pottery Barn, comparable brand revenues increased 9% on top of 8% last year, with strong results across all channels, another excellent quarter. From a merchandising perspective, all key categories, including furniture, textiles, accessories and tabletop delivered growth during the quarter. As we enter into the second quarter, we are seeing positive customer response to our core and seasonal merchandise assortments and expect these trends to continue. We are confident in the strategies we have planned for the year, which include growing our product categories by consistently delivering exclusive, innovative and artisanal products; leveraging our technology capability to allow our customers to interact with our brands anytime, anywhere; enhancing our marketing to make decorating and entertaining at home easier and more fun; and delivering a superior customer experience, elevating our service levels at every touch point.
 We believe that these strategies are what make Pottery Barn the premier specialty retailer in our segment. 
 Now I would like to talk about Pottery Barn Kids, which represents approximately 14% of our business on an annual basis. In Q1, Pottery Barn Kids comparable brand revenues decreased 0.8% following a 10.9% increase last year. Although in total, we experienced a slight decrease in comparable brand revenue growth, our year-over-year trend grew substantially stronger as the quarter progressed.
 Revenue was primarily impacted by 2 inventory related factors: stronger-than-planned sales of furniture at the end of Q4, which depleted our inventories going into Q1; and greater-than-expected response to our new bedding introductions, our baby business and key furniture collections. We expect to fill these backorders and are confident that our strategies will drive positive revenue growth for the balance of the year.
 As we enter the second quarter, we are encouraged by the positive consumer response we are seeing in our core and seasonal assortments.
 I would now like to talk about the PBteen brand, which represents approximately 6% of our business on an annual basis. In the first quarter, PBteen comparable brand revenues declined 6% following last year's 7.5% increase. This decline was driven by softer-than-expected furniture sales, partially due to inventory that was out of stock during the quarter and softer demand across the furniture category. In contrast, the textile categories delivered double-digit growth in the first quarter, as we experienced positive customer response to our spring and summer collections. In addition, as we saw in Pottery Barn Kids, business trends improved sequentially during the quarter in key categories.
 Lastly, I would like to discuss West Elm, which represents approximately 9% of our business on an annual basis. West Elm comparable brand revenues increased 22% on top of 31% last year and the first quarter earnings and profitability reached new highs. Brand growth was driven across all key categories, led by furniture, textile and decorative accessories. In addition to increased offerings across these categories, we expanded our assortment to new areas, including the kitchen. Highly effective multichannel marketing propelled strong results across all channels, and emphasis on in-store activities and social media accelerated customer acquisition and engagement.
 As we look forward to the balance of the year and beyond, we will continue to execute on our products and customer engagement strategies. And with retail profitability hitting new milestones, we're aggressively looking for additional stores. In fact, in addition to the Riverhead, New York store, which we opened in Q1 of this year, we are on track to open 6 new West Elm stores during fiscal 2012, in Durham, North Carolina; Princeton, New Jersey; Scarsdale, New York; Vancouver, British Columbia; and 2 additional locations that we are unable to disclose at this time.
 We believe that West Elm is uniquely positioned to capture additional market share and drive profitable growth for the balance of the year, and we are tracking to our plans to build it into a billion dollar brand. 
 Now I will turn the conference call over to Julie for additional details on our Q1 financial performance and our Q2 and full year 2012 financial guidance. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura, and good morning. For the quarter, net revenues increased 6% to $818 million, with 9% growth in the direct-to-customer channel and 5% comparable store sales growth in the retail channel. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share increased 13% to $0.34 per share, and non-GAAP operating margin equaled last year at 6.9%. Revenues, non-GAAP operating income and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share were the highest of any first quarter in the history of our company. We ended the first quarter with $376 million in cash, after returning $84 million to shareholders in the quarter through share repurchases and dividend. Comparable brand revenues increased 5%, led by strong performance in Pottery Barn and West Elm, which more than offset the negative comparable revenue growth in Williams-Sonoma, Pottery Barn Kids and PBteen. E-commerce revenues for the quarter increased 12%, driving direct-to-customer revenues to 46% of total company revenues versus 45% last year. 
 Gross margin decreased 60 basis points versus last year to 37.8%. This decrease was driven by lower selling margins, including increased shipping offers, partially offset by the leverage of fixed occupancy costs. 
 Non-GAAP SG&A improved 60 basis points versus last year to 30.9%, primarily driven by reductions in general expenses, demonstrating our continued commitment to maintaining strong financial discipline and expense management throughout the organization. 
 I would now like to comment on our first quarter non-GAAP operating margin in each of our business segments. As mentioned earlier, total company non-GAAP operating margin remained flat versus last year at 6.9%, a 30-basis point increase in the retail segment to 7.8% and a 20-basis point improvement in corporate unallocated expenses to 6.8%, was offset by 100-basis point decrease in the direct-to-customer segment to 20.8%. The 30-basis point increase in the retail segment was driven by fixed occupancy cost leverage and lower general expenses. The 20-basis point improvement in the corporate unallocated segment was primarily driven by a reduction in general expenses. The 100-basis point decline in the direct-to-customer segment was driven by lower selling margins, partially offset by sales leverage of fixed occupancy cost, higher advertising productivity and lower general expenses.
 From a balance sheet perspective, the first quarter highlights were as follows: cash and cash equivalents decreased $95 million to $376 million after returning more than $300 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends over the past 12 months as part of our balance capital allocation strategy; merchandise inventories increased $54 million or 10% to $586 million. As you may recall, we significantly beat our Q4 2010 and Q1 2011 sales plans, and as a result, our ending Q1 2011 inventory levels were low. The increase in Q1 2012 over Q1 2011 reflects that low base. 
 I would now like to discuss our second quarter and fiscal year 2012 guidance. Our second quarter guidance for net revenues is estimated to be in the range of $850 million to $870 million, and our non-GAAP EPS is estimated to be in the range of $0.38 to $0.41 per share. This assumes revenue growth of 4% to 7%, comparable brand revenue growth of 4% to 6% and non-GAAP operating margin of 7.5% to 8.1%. We are increasing our full year guidance to reflect the outperformance we saw in the first quarter. Therefore, for the year, non-GAAP diluted earnings per share are now expected to be in the range of $2.42 to $2.49 per share, which will be the highest diluted earnings per share in the history of the company. Net revenues are expected to be in the range of $3.9 billion to $4.0 billion and non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be in the range of 10.1% to 10.4%. For all other fiscal year 2012 guidance, please refer to our press release.
 In summary, our first quarter financial results represent the best first quarter in the company's history, and we drove these results while simultaneously investing in our future growth. As we said in our last conference call, we believe that Williams-Sonoma Inc. is entering a new and exciting phase, growing our existing brands, extending and developing new ones and expanding globally. We believe this will allow us to deliver sustained profitable growth well into the future and provide predictable returns to our shareholders.
 I would now like to open the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Peter Benedict with Robert Baird. 
Peter Benedict: A couple questions. Well, first just on the strong retail comp, can you give us a sense for traffic versus average ticket? And then when we look at the PBteen slowdown and you explained some of that, what's the outlook there? I mean you said you thought PB Kids would swing back to positive going forward. How about PBteens, is there a view as to when that could swing back positive? 
Laura Alber: Peter, our retail comp was strong and we know that the initiatives that we have in place in our brands drive traffic, but also that our digital marketing really drives traffic to our retail stores, and we have an incredible store team out there and this clienteling initiative is key to customer engagement and bringing them back and knowing also what they're looking for. We don't disclose traffic, average ticket, so apologies for not commenting on that. In fact, we don't measure traffic in most of our brands. We do have traffic counters in West Elm, but we don't have them in our other brands. For PBteen, the PBteen brand inventory issue is one that we're extremely focused on and getting back in stock in the furniture, and we've learned a lot by the impact of backorders in PBteen. You can imagine that when you -- when the customer shops PBteen, there are 2 customers, it's the mother and the teenager. And making the decision together about what to buy for their bedroom is often difficult and imagine if by the time you've made the decision, you're running -- you go online to place it and you see that the item is delayed. Very disappointing, and so it not only affects the furniture that you were going to order but also the bedding or the other pieces in the room. And we do have some stock outages that we believe that we will fill by the end of Q2. But given how important the quality of the furniture -- how important the quality is to us, we don't want to rush that delivery because that's key to long-term customer satisfaction. So everybody is focused on delivering high-quality furniture on time and the big initiative in place, but I would say that, that does affect, and we are seeing it affect PBteen more than some of our other brands. 
Peter Benedict: Okay, that's helpful. And just one other follow-up. On the promotional tone, kind of in the business versus plan, I mean, I know your EBIT margins came in better than your plan at basically flat year-over-year. Can you talk about some -- the promotional tone throughout the quarter, how did that flow versus your plan? And were your selling and merchandising margins in line with your plan, better, worse? How should we think about that? 
Laura Alber: Sure. It's clear to us that value is still incredibly important to our customers and it's not going away. Our customer's looking for value matched with quality, and we deliver on both of these attributes. And we have a prepared promotional cadence throughout the year. We'll continue to be very competitive in the market with the nonexclusive branded goods. And in the Williams-Sonoma brand, where our competitors are breaking MAP, we will respond. The Williams-Sonoma brand is most impacted because of its exposure, as you know, to nonexclusive branded product. We intend to be strategic on this front, but never at the expense of profitability. And do you want to comment, Julie, also on the promotional environment and margins? 
Julie Whalen: Sure. Peter, I think one of the most positive things that we saw in Q1 is that when you look at the Q1 year-over-year margins relative to Q4 year-over-year, we saw a significant improvement in our margin, specifically or especially in Williams-Sonoma but across all brands. So I think that's one of the -- I think there was some concern about the promotional environment and we want to make sure that you understand that there is some good improvement coming quarter by quarter. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Joe Feldman with Telsey Advisory Group. 
Joseph Feldman: I had a couple of quick questions. One was if you could give us an update on sort of the -- your supply chain initiatives and the DTC. I don't recall getting too much detail on the prepared remarks today and just wanted to see how things are progressing there. 
Laura Alber: Sure, great. We continue to make progress against our quality and damage initiative. And we are, as you know, running our own offices and furniture overseas, which is really contributing to lower damages and quality issues than we had a year ago, and that's very important to our customers. And we're also very focused on on-time delivery. And while I just talked about furniture that is on backorder, I feel very confident because our teams are there, working on the ground to give us a clear sense of when things are coming and also to ensure that, as I said earlier, it wasn't rushed. As it relates to our initiatives across the supply chain domestically, we are continuing to drive productivity across all areas in the supply chain and to prepare for the next step of real modernization of our CMO facilities, which will yield great benefit into the future. Did you also ask Joe about DTC initiatives? I think you mentioned that at the end of your question. I'm going to let Pat talk about the progress we're making against our DTC investments. 
Pat Connolly: Joe, I think in e-commerce in particular, in the first quarter, we made some very strong progress in 3 areas, in relevance and in service and in usability. I think as you go on the site, you will see that we are personalizing the site experience to deliver product content that's relevant to the individual site visitor, and what we found is that these personalized product placements are highly effective, like 4x greater response than a non-personalized placement. And so we see significant opportunity here, we're really just getting started. We're also expanding our programs of highly personalized e-mails, which are generating up to 10x the average of our regular e-mails. So we think there's a lot of opportunity in this area. In the service area, we added a feature called click-to-chat, which allows our customers to interact with our service associates online. Our customers are really responding to this very well. I think, additionally, what it's allowing us to do is to analyze these conversations and to look for patterns so that we can quickly react to potential issues and continue to improve on service. And the last thing we did on the e-commerce front was really to our continued mission to improve usability, particularly around the area of monogramming where now it's much easier to order a monogrammed item and, of course, the checkout path making it easier for customers to complete the purchase with less clicks. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs. 
Halley Goodman: This is Halley Goodman on behalf of Matt Fassler today. Our question relates to the impact of shipping deals on gross margin, and we were wondering if you could quantify this impact in Q1. And we were also wondering when does Williams-Sonoma's cycle the biggest increases, or is this going to increase an importance and perpetuity? 
Laura Alber: So let me take the first question around the shipping deals in Williams-Sonoma. Shipping is part of our value equation, and we continue to test a variety of shipping promotions in all of our brands, and generally, they drive more sales response than an equivalent merchandise discount. And I know that there's always been the question of what would this do to your long-term operating margin if shipping becomes even more promotional in the future. And I just -- I want to spend a minute on this because we believe it would have much less impact than some people have written because the vast majority of our DTC volume is in home furnishings. And the customer does not expect that furniture and rugs will be shipped to them for free. And over the past several years, we've been able to reduce the fees we charge on these items, continuing to pass on the savings we accrue through optimization of our supply chain. And since we are larger than our next 4 competitors combined in the home furnishings category, the scale we've achieved, particularly in large item logistics, gives us a real competitive advantage. And our goal is to provide the finest shipping experience for these items and to do so at a cost to the consumer that they consider reasonable. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Budd Bugatch with Raymond James. 
Budd Bugatch: I guess I want to comment that same issue or a part of that same issue. I think, Julie, you said that DTC margins were down 100 basis points and you pointed to lower sales margin offset by a number of factors. I wonder if you could go over that again and perhaps quantify the magnitude of the sales margin and how that impacts. And then secondly, if you could address the SG&A initiatives, and I think you told us that it would be $15 million to $20 million on an annual basis. And I wonder if we could know what was spent in the first quarter on that issue -- those issues. 
Julie Whalen: So from an operating margin perspective, especially in the DTC business, I think a couple things just to call out here. First, let's remember that the operating margin overall is at and is projected to be at the high end of our guidance, at the highest level in the history of the company. Second, our DTC operating margin is significantly higher than our retail operating margin. It came in at 20.8% and retail is at 7.8%, and we have an expectation that our business is going to grow to 50% DTC in the next 3 years. That said, as you pointed out, and as I've said in my prepared remarks, that the DTC margin this quarter was less than last year and that was by lower selling margins and the fact that we made a decision to be more competitive on shipping. The other thing is that in Q1, we drove higher demands than we filled, so we didn't get the total benefit from those sales to leverage the ad costs. Lastly, as Laura said earlier, we know that our digital marketing efforts drive our retail channel business, which is also where we saw some improvement. As far as your SG&A question, yes, it is $15 million to $20 million for the year. We're not providing quarterly guidance or results on what we expense, but I think Laura, would you like to update them on the initiatives and where we are with that? 
Laura Alber: Sure. We did, as I mentioned earlier, make the investments that we planned to make across e-commerce, global expansion and business development, and Pat talked about the progress on the e-commerce front, focusing on relevant service and usability. And as we look at the quarter 2 for e-commerce, there's a significant amount of functional enhancements and new features through the balance of this year and in Q2. But instead of singling out a few of those, I prefer to talk about the capabilities that we've built. We went through a pretty rigorous e-commerce strategy effort almost 2 years ago. And since then, we've ramped our e-commerce teams and their capabilities according to that plan, and we've become very efficient at delivering improved website features and functionality on a regular cadence. We have planned releases every 6 to 8 weeks. We will launch new capabilities. And for those of you who have been following the progression of our websites, you will notice a steady progression. And while some releases are bigger than others, all of them help us get closer to our ultimate vision of seamlessly serving our customers across channels. As it relates to global expansion, we are continuing to increase our global shipping business. We've already expanded our international shipping capability from 75 countries to 99, and our results are exceeding our internal plans for this business. Last week, we began shipping the Williams-Sonoma brand to Canada. And on the franchise front, Alshaya is going well. This summer, we're opening our first Williams-Sonoma, West Elm and PBteen stores in Kuwait. Alshaya is very committed to our brands, and we will have 18 stores in the region at the end of the year. In terms of company-owned global expansion, we're continuing to make progress against our multichannel, fully integrated IT platform, which is scheduled to be completed by 2014, and we will update you when we are in a position to make an announcement. In new business development, as we talked about, West Elm is performing ahead of our expectations, and this is the bulk of our business development investment. We are also on track with the integration of Rejuve, and we've seen real growth in this business year-over-year, so it's a real bright spot for us, and we're pleased with our marketing strategies today and we are getting the response we expected from leveraging our house file. And we are excited, we're opening a new store for the brand in Berkeley over the summer. And so in total, as we look at everything we talked about and the progress in Q1 and our ability to fund these investments and also deliver record earnings, we are very optimistic about the balance of the year and our ability to deliver. 
Operator: And we will take our next question from Matt McGinley with ISI Group. 
Matthew McGinley: Laura, you made a comment, I think it was during the PBteen comments that you saw or experienced softer furniture demand, was that comment specific to PBteen or was that across all segments that you saw furniture demand soften? And as you had -- you talked about increases in demands throughout the course of the quarter. Did furniture experience that same kind of trend? 
Laura Alber: I was referring just to PBteen when I mentioned softer furniture, although in PBK, we also saw softer furniture sales related to the inventory outages. We saw very strong furniture sales in West Elm and Pottery Barn. 
Matthew McGinley: If I could just one more on that, on the increase in deposits you had on the balance sheet, it was only up about $7 million or $8 million. How much of that was related to those inventory backorders you would have on PBteen and PB Kids versus just normal increases in customer deposits? 
Julie Whalen: Customer deposits, so that pertains to the delivery of furniture. So basically, there are some revenue at the end of the quarter that we were not able to deliver by year-end, so it basically raised the balance. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from David Magee with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. 
David Magee: Just a couple questions. One, it sounds like you guys are making good headway with the proprietary product push. Can you just give a little more color on how that process works? Are you near where you want to be with that, or do you still have a long runway to go as far as securing proprietary merchandise in the stores? 
Laura Alber: You're referring to Williams-Sonoma, I assume? 
David Magee: Yes. 
Laura Alber: Yes. We are making good progress. We've been asked this for a while and so you're going to see us just like we launched agrarian in Q1, at the end of Q1. That's something that's been in work for over a year, something we identified as white space in the market and also a food trend and a lifestyle trend, and Williams-Sonoma has always been first to bring in new food trends, and chicken coops and beehives are something that people are very interested in doing, as they want to know where their food comes from and have a part of growing and harvesting and experiencing the making of products versus just cooking them. So agrarian represents a launch that was in the work. We have other launches throughout the balance of this year, very proprietary information, so I'm sorry not to give you a full outline of what is to come, but what we have said is that the areas that we can affect the soonest are tabletop and entertaining and linens because those have shorter lead times, and so that's been under work and we're seeing very strong increases in those categories. In terms of durables, it can take up to 2 years to develop durables and electrics can take even longer. Where we have very innovative electrics right now, we're seeing double-digit increases. And so we know that both innovation and exclusivity are what our customer are looking for from us and that's where we really win. And you will see us launch more branded products in Williams-Sonoma throughout the balance of this year, increasing in the percentage. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Mark Becks with JPMorgan. 
Mark Becks: Just focusing on the Williams-Sonoma brand. Can you speak to what you're seeing there? Is it more just being pressure in retail or DTC? And then also is the emphasis really on driving greater profitability? And then as a follow-up, a lot of retailers have spoken of pull-forward demand in the quarter. It doesn't look like you saw that given comments on Pottery Barn, but wanted to confirm and then perhaps any update on current trends in May as it compares to your current guidance. 
Laura Alber: Sure, Mark. Williams-Sonoma, there's really not a comment that I'd make about the channels. It's very interesting. There's some categories that are so strong, double digit across several categories where we're having -- where we had, I should say, the biggest issue in Q1 with cookware, which is a big percentage of our business. And in addition to not having anything branded, there hasn't been a lot of new technology that's been introduced in cookware. And that is what the customer is looking for across the board. And that is what we're focused on for the future, is to bring in durables that change the way you cook that no one has seen before. And so I'm very encouraged to see that we have real bright spots versus the unilateral softness across the brand, and profitability is key to us. We've always focused on the highest level of quality across our stores and with the way we treat our customers and our employees and, at the same time, incredible financial discipline in the brand, and we were able to change the trend of gross margin versus last year relative to Q4, which was important for us to see, and we did choose not to do a cookware promotion that we had last year that cost us some revenue comp. 
Mark Becks: Did you call out the -- or did you quantify the impact of the cookware not anniversary-ing the promo? 
Laura Alber: No. 
Mark Becks: And then just on the pull-forward of demand? 
Laura Alber: Could you ask that question again? I want to make sure I understand what you're getting at. 
Mark Becks: Yes. A lot of retailers have spoken of pull-forward in demand. It didn't look like you saw that given your comments on Pottery Barn, but just wanted to confirm, so there's some monthly cadence, and then just your current trends as it pertains to your guidance. 
Laura Alber: We're confident in our guidance as they reflect the current trends, and if you're asking whether -- we said we saw a sequential improvement in some of our brands and then we saw a consistent improvement -- consistent performance, and I think what you're asking is, was it all in the beginning of the quarter. Actually, I said the opposite in some of our brands. Did that answer your question? 
Mark Becks: Yes, sure does. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Brad Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Jason Campbell: This is actually Jason Campbell standing in for Brad. When we look at your retail comps, it seems like over the past 5 quarters or so, it's kind of been pretty volatile. I mean, close to 7 and then down to 1 a couple quarters. And there isn't really a distinguishable trend there. I was wondering what's really behind the volatility that you're seeing in your retail segment and what you're doing to maybe drive some more sustained improvement in that. 
Laura Alber: We've said this before and part of our unique -- what makes us unique is that we're multichannel, big portion online. And we're serious when we say we don't care where they shop. So at any given point, we drive retail sales, we drive DTC sales and we're looking at the total. Of course, you look at the individual parts to see specific profitability improvements. But from a customer-facing perspective, it's really all those channels working together to both inspire the customer to shop and then to service them and complete the sale. 
Jason Campbell: And is it anything that you've -- does it correlate with anything you've done as a company that maybe in those higher quarters you've just focused more on retail or in the lower quarters you've just done more digital marketing, or is it kind of just the macro, how the consumer's reacting right now? 
Laura Alber: I think if we all think about how we shop, there's so many variables that go into play about where you actually purchase something. Do you have time to go the store, would you rather have it online, are you buying a gift. I don't think it relates to anything other than consumer preferences at the time, and I expect the channels to have some lumpiness. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Laura Champine with Canaccord Genuity. 
Laura Champine: My question is a strategic question for you, Laura. With Williams-Sonoma brand seeing a lot of change in management and a few execution issues with the Kids brand, I mean, how are you thinking about managing the risk that expanding globally becomes a distraction? And along those lines, have you pulled back on plans for company-owned stores because of the macroeconomic environment in Europe? 
Laura Alber: Sure. We actually -- we hired a separate group to lead our global expansion efforts last year. We brought in 2 seasoned executives to take that on for exactly the reason you mentioned, which is the brand presidents, we want them to stay very focused on the domestic business, but also to be able to train some new executives, bring them into the company as we have with other people in the past. We've had a great success in bringing people in, but also keeping our tenured associates and, of course, the brand presidents will be very involved with our global expansion to ensure that the DNA of the brand is there. We are not pulling back on our plans for global expansion. We have not given indication yet of where we're going and when. We will update you as soon as we are ready to make that announcement, but I will say that we're very cognizant of what's happening around the world and the global environment. And our focus when we go global is to both have stores and websites that are of the same quality as our stores here, but also to run them profitably. And this is a very key part of our strategy. And we have a plan to open stores and launch the websites and to make money because our plan is not to open a multitude of stores and large stores in high-rent districts, but stores as marketing for international e-commerce. So we'll be giving you more updates on that as we have information to share. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from David Gober with Morgan Stanley. 
David Gober: I just had a question on West Elm. For the last few quarters, clearly, your comps have been very strong and one of the things you guys have pointed to has been the increasing breadth of product and category expansion. Where would you say you are in that process? And how much longer do you think you have to go in terms of getting to where you want to be on that brand? 
Laura Alber: Great question. We've successfully densified the stores, and online, the store is infinite. So we have been increasing some categories more than others to see where the point of diminishing returns are, and we haven't found that yet. So we have a lot of runway to increase the assortment online. And just like in our Pottery Barn brands, we have the opportunity to distinguish suburban stores from more urban stores and with our product assortments, and that gives you another layer of product. And then as I said earlier, we're testing -- we're always testing new categories in each and every one of our brands and we brought in some great kitchen assortments and they've been very successful, and you'll see us continue to build on that front. 
David Gober: Okay. And just one follow-up on the Williams-Sonoma brand. And I know you've touched on this at various times throughout the call, but I just wanted to clarify what you're seeing from competitors here and, obviously, you've taken a number of steps that are progressing. But are you seeing the same type of intensity from your competitors and in some of the product categories that have seen pressure over the last couple of quarters? 
Laura Alber: It's clear that it is very promotional out there still. It's not surprising to us. I think the consumer is forever changed. They're looking for value, they're looking for quality, they're looking for innovation, they want to be inspired, and that's what we're focused on. You can see a lot of people breaking MAP across the board on branded goods and using shipping as a really promotional tool, and we study all these things on a weekly basis and make decisions about what we're going to do, whether we're going to compete on price or whether we're going to hold. And it's highly competitive what some of those decisions look like as well to say that we did make the decision in Q1 not to anniversary the cookware event that we had last year. And through last year's promotions all the way through Q4, we were able to learn which ones really make a difference and have staying power and bring the customer back and which ones don't. And so we have a much clearer understanding of which ones actually drive profitability short term and long term, and we've built our 2012 promotional strategy based on those 2011 results. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Michael Lasser with UBS. 
Chris Weng: This is Chris Weng calling in for Michael Lasser. I have a couple of questions. The first is how much room would you say you have to make like, I guess, the flexibility in making SG&A cuts without having an impact on sales? And I guess -- I was also wondering how many -- how long will you take -- you think it will take for the Williams-Sonoma brand to really turn around? I guess how many quarters ahead do you think it will be? 
Laura Alber: This is Laura, Chris. On Williams-Sonoma, it's going to be gradual. We haven't put out quarterly guidance for Williams-Sonoma specifically. And I will tell you that every quarter, we're going to give you an update. We're going to say what's working and if we're making any adjustments. On SG&A, I'm going to let Julie handle that. 
Julie Whalen: Yes, so from an SG&A perspective, I'm not quite sure of your question, but basically, where we saw the improvement was in general expenses where we managed our expenses. We did not see a decline in our advertising investments. So the types of things that we saw the benefit from would not impact sales, and I don't know, Pat, if you want talk about correlation with advertising costs and sales. 
Pat Connolly: Well, I think, just to answer your question a little more, Chris. We have really a great tool in terms of how we manage our ad cost. We continue to see improving productivity there. And we have a very disciplined process by which we evaluate our marketing spend on a monthly basis. And I can just say, while some of what we're doing is very competitive, that we've seen a lot of success not only in our core programs, but also new ones that we've introduced and tested that have an opportunity to scale significantly. And this is really in the digital space in terms of search, in terms of targeted display, in terms of some of the other things that we're doing. Laura has mentioned several times in her prepared remarks that she sees us at the intersection of lifestyle, merchandising and analytics. And I think we're seeing every quarter here how we're able to use the analytic ability that we've built into our DNA here over the last 20 years to really drive this business. It's a real competitive advantage. 
Chris Weng: That's helpful. And another question, if I may. On the decision to reduce, I guess, the promotion for cookware. I guess, what was sort of the thinking behind that? Were you seeing certain trends going into the quarter? 
Laura Alber: Very competitive question. I'd rather stay away from going through how we make decisions about pricing because as competitive as it is, everyone's looking for what will we do next. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Matt Nemer with Wells Fargo Securities. 
Matt Nemer: My first question is could you just talk to how much of the improved gross margin trend at Sonoma was due to not repeating the All-Clad promotion? And then we noticed a 20% off cookware promotion launch in the last week or so. Does that mean that this promo essentially gets shifted into 2Q, or are they sort of different in nature? 
Laura Alber: Sure. We haven't broken out the gross margin related to the not anniversary-ing cookware, but it is a focus of ours to improve the Williams-Sonoma gross margin and profitability. So you're going to continue to see us drive that. We did launch a cookware promotion over the weekend in response to what's going on competitively out there as we will throughout the year as we see different factors in the marketplace. And I think it's early for me to comment on the results of that, but I will tell you that this is what we know: the customer would rather buy high-end cooking, entertaining essentials from Williams-Sonoma than anywhere else. So they are very responsive to promotions, and we use them strategically and we also use them offensively and defensively when we have to, to protect the market share and then also to drive repeat purchases. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Marni Shapiro with Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: I had a couple of quick questions. On PBteen, I know you guys have had success with Pinterest with West Elm and the PBteen customers on Pinterest, so I was curious if you were thinking about doing that kind of interesting marketing there. And you saw amazing textile sales there, and I know you guys have been working to update the textiles at PBteen, and I was curious how far along that product was for spring because I'm assuming there's more to come for fall, which is kind of exciting. And then if you could just -- I don't if you guys can differentiate or track gifting versus self-purchases at Williams-Sonoma. And if you can, can you talk a little bit, have you seen a difference in those trends where gifting is holding strong and self is falling off or vice versa or anything to that effect? 
Laura Alber: Pat, do you want to take the question on Pinterest? 
Pat Connolly: Yes, sure. Marni, we've had a lot of -- first of all, one of the things we do because we have multiple brands is we share best practices. And West Elm has had a particular success with Pinterest that we have now really started to emulate and learn from in our other brands. We actually -- we're down visiting Ben and the team with Pinterest and learned just 3 weeks ago when we were there that we were the first company that had ever met with them, and we probably won't be the last. But it really points to the advantage we have of being right here in the Bay Area and sitting right there with Ben and his coders as they're building the new features. And I think you'll see some opportunities that we have there for all of our brands. I can't really talk about it. 
Laura Alber: And then to the point about textiles, as I've said earlier, we're seeing nice growth in textiles in PBteen. And we have widened the aesthetic, and so we're pleased with the results that we're seeing there. And you're going to see us build on some of the new aesthetics that are working into the balance of the year. 
Marni Shapiro: So this was just the start? 
Laura Alber: Yes, exactly. As it relates to gifting, self-purchase versus gifting, really very difficult to know exactly because while we can track how much is shipped to on other address, you don't know if I've gone into buy it myself and then give it to someone at a birthday party myself and hands it off. But Williams-Sonoma, we know, is our highest gift brand and it's a strategy that we're very focused on, both in terms of feature functionality and the website, how we market gifts and then also the gifts that we offer and the in-store marketing and the clienteling that goes with that. Because, for example, we know online if you purchase every year a wreath for your mother and we can reach out to you and send you an e-mail reminding you to buy the wreath, but we can also call you from our stores and make that very easy for you. So gift giving is an initiative in the Williams-Sonoma brand under our product strategy that we are excited about and that we're very focused on. And in all of our businesses, you've seen us increase our monogramming business and our personalization efforts, and both the different fonts and techniques that we offer, but also the experience on the Web, which is where the business is done. And as Pat mentioned earlier, we really improved that experience so that you can go through that process quite quickly now versus before, it was a little bit more cumbersome. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Janet Kloppenburg with JJK Research. 
Janet Kloppenburg: Laura, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about your assumptions for the DTC margins for the year. Do you think that there'll be selling margin pressure there for the remainder of the year? And I know that you ship primarily furniture and that's not free shipping, but have you seen any pressure on the shipping cost, the shipping expense that you're allowed to get away with, with the consumer? In other words, is anyone offering a lower shipping expense that maybe pressuring what you actually are charging for shipping? And secondly, on Williams-Sonoma, from what I've gathered from the call, I think you want us to think that, that comp, all-channel comp for Williams-Sonoma, could be under pressure all year, but I'm not sure. 
Laura Alber: Janet, we're deciding to answer your question on several fronts. I want to talk about the furniture shipping charges, and then I'm going to pass it to Pat and then Julie to follow up. The customer's very smart. They know what the total price is of a piece of furniture, and some retailers in our competitive set put the price of shipping into the price of the product. Others charge restocking fees, cancellation fees. We don't do either one of those things. What we do is we have what we believe is fair shipping for white glove delivery and it's separate from the price of the product, and that is how we've always done it. We've actually been able to reduce our shipping income on furniture while maintaining the furniture profitability because of all the great supply chain work where we've cut cost out of the supply chain. And that's helped us improve our value equation to the customer. So while there may be others out there that have cheaper shipping charges per se, we know, based on our competitive analysis across all categories that our shipping -- I mean, our furniture is the best value and the best quality in the market. I'm going to pass it over to Pat to further comment. 
Pat Connolly: And Janet, I think the customer's really seeing our ability to vertically integrate especially on the upholstered product has just been terrific. It's just really the cumulative impact of things we've been working on, on that supply chain for 10 years to deliver value to the customer. And the other point I wanted to make to you is I think that the first quarter DTC growth belies really the underlying strength as it continues in our e-commerce channel. Our demand in the quarter was actually close to 16%, but we had backorders which reduced the shift demand. And I want to make sure you understood that. So we're very encouraged by this, and as Laura points out, we have a lot of levers. We have the shipping lever and we have the marketing lever that we can use to maximize the opportunity we have, especially in the furniture category. I'll turn it over to Julie. 
Julie Whalen: Yes. And Janet, from an operating margin perspective, I think couple things to remember. We're confident in the guidance that we put out today. We are, if you look at the high end, going to beat operating margin both in second quarter and in full year in the history of the company. And keep in mind that the DTC margin is much higher. So having a 100-basis point impact on a 20.8% margin versus retail at 7.8% is less pronounced. And we're continually driving the operating margin in total and keeping in mind that also we're trying to grow the DTC business to 50% over the next 3 years. 
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I'll now turn the conference back over to Ms. Alber for any additional or closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: I want to thank you all for joining us. We appreciate your support, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Have a great day. 
Operator: And that does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-03-08 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma, Inc., Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2011 Earnings and Fiscal Year 2012 Guidance Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Steve Nelson, Vice President of Investor Relations, to discuss non-GAAP measures and forward-looking statements. 
Stephen Nelson: Good morning. This morning's conference call should be considered in conjunction with the press releases that we issued earlier today.
 Our press releases and this call contain non-GAAP financial measures that exclude the impact of unusual business events. These non-GAAP financial measures are provided to facilitate meaningful year-over-year comparisons. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, and an explanation of why these non-GAAP financial measures are useful, are discussed in Exhibit 1 and elsewhere in the earnings release.
 The forward-looking statements included in this morning's call constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, guidance, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2012 and beyond and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company's current press releases and SEC filings for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call.
 I will now turn the conference over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Office -- Officer, to discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2011 results and our outlook for 2011 -- for 2012. 
Laura Alber: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Pat Connolly, our Chief Marketing Officer; and Julie Whalen, our Acting Chief Financial Officer. I'll begin by going over our fourth quarter results.
 Fourth quarter net revenues increased 6% and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share increased 8% to a record $1.17 per share. Throughout the quarter, the strength of our merchandising strategies and flexibility of our multi-channel operating model drove increased sales and profits despite a more promotional environment during the holiday period.  Post holiday, we saw a progressively stronger retail environment, and through highly effective marketing and stronger-than-expected operational execution, we exceeded our revised January guidance on both the top and bottom lines. During the quarter, comparable brand revenues increased 7% and e-commerce revenues increased a better-than-expected 18%. Strong product assortments, including an increased gift assortment in each of our brands, were enhanced by highly targeted promotions and e-marketing initiatives in all channels.
 In our home furnishings business, total fourth quarter comparable brand revenues increased a robust 12%, including 35% growth in West Elm; 11% growth in Pottery Barn; 6% growth in Pottery Barn Kids; and 1% growth in PBteen. In Williams-Sonoma, comparable brand revenues declined 2.3% due in part to a 60 basis point impact from planned SKU reductions in the Williams-Sonoma Home business. Excluding that impact, Williams-Sonoma comparable brand revenues declined 1.7%.
 I would now like to review our full year results. Fiscal 2011 was a year of record earnings for Williams-Sonoma, Inc. It was a year where we saw increases in revenues and profitability and it was a year where we budgeted for and executed key elements of our long-term strategy to be the leading multi-channel retailer of home furnishings and housewares in the world. Through strong execution and a superior multi-channel strategy, we delivered record earnings and profitability in an unusually promotional retail environment, never losing sight of our mission to enhance our customers' lives at home. And as a result, we also continue to gain market share in the highly fragmented home furnishing segment.
 For the year, net revenues increased a better-than-expected 6%. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share increased 15% to a record $2.24 per share and non-GAAP operating margin climbed 50 basis points to a record 10.3%. We ended the year with $503 million in cash after returning $263 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends and investing more than $25 million in the acquisition of Rejuvenation. During the year, we increased our dividend twice, for a total increase of 47%, and we announced share repurchases of $350 million.
 Comparable brand revenues increased 7%, with all brands delivering positive growth for the year, including Williams-Sonoma once we exclude the impact of planned SKU reductions in Williams-Sonoma Home. E-commerce revenues for the year increased a better-than-expected 18%, driving direct-to-customer revenues to 44% of total company revenues versus 41% last year.
 As we look forward to 2012, we continue to be laser focused on our customers, putting them at the center of everything we do so that we can continue to deliver increased revenue and profit while simultaneously investing in our future growth. Our key initiatives for 2012 are: to grow sales in each of our existing brands through innovative product introductions and compelling marketing; to invest in the competitive strengths of our multi-channel business to serve our customer anywhere, anytime and through any device or store; to invest in our supply chain to ensure that we have the highest service levels in the industry; to leverage our customer insights to fill white space by developing new businesses within and outside of our current framework of brands; to answer the worldwide demand for our products by expanding the global presence of our brands; and to invest in the technologies that underlie all these strategies in order to make it easy for our customers to decorate, entertain and cook at home.
 I will now elaborate on our multi-channel strategy. Unlike other retailers, we already have a large percentage of our business online. In 2011, we grew direct-to-customer sales to 44% of our total revenues, and e-commerce grew from 34% to 38% of total company revenue. We believe our direct-to-customer percentage will grow to more than 50% over the next 3 years as we become less reliant on retail store expansion to drive increased profitability and long-term growth.
 We recognize that although customers may purchase in one channel, they shop all channels. As the e-commerce channel continues to develop with the advent of new technologies and the roles of each channel transform over time, we'll continue to evolve our multi-channel strategy so we can increase mindshare and drive customer engagement.
 Our retail stores are living billboards for our brands. The in-store experience is dynamic and multi-sensory, drawing customers with food scents [ph]; decorating classes; toys to play with and friendly, knowledgeable associates. In 2012 and beyond, we will make the investments necessary to take our one-on-one service and retail store experience to new heights and continually raise the bar for customer experience.
 Similarly, our catalogs are also billboards for our brands. They showcase new seasons and new product launches and allow our customers to browse our assortment as they would a magazine, inspiring them with cooking, decorating, entertaining and remodeling ideas. Our catalogs drive retail and web sales and differentiate us from our competitors.
 Catalog mailings will remain an important part of our strategy, but the optimization of size and number of catalogs mailed will continue to be a priority as Internet adoption increases and more personalized and productive e-marketing alternatives become available.
 Our websites are our largest stores. They allow our customers to comparison shop and order with ease. Our digital marketing drives brand awareness, traffic to our sites and stores and new customer acquisitions. We are experiencing success with a wide range of digital marketing programs and see opportunities for significant expansion of these programs. Our goal remains to optimize all of our marketing efforts in order to continually increase return on our marketing investments.
 In 2012, we will enhance customer engagement in all channels by further investing in our holistic online customer experience. We believe that by providing innovative online design tools, easy-to-search databases of rich photography and recipes and easy-to-access communities of like-minded customers, we can make it easy and fun to decorate, entertain and cook.
 To enhance and improve our e-commerce performance in 2012, we are focused on back-end technology investments and leveraging multi-channel customer data to enhance the online shopping experience and simplify shopping for custom configuration and personalized items.
 In terms of technology investments, our 2012 plans are to develop a new e-commerce platform to enhance our testing capability and improve conversion; to implement a program to deliver automated, algorithmically driven product recommendations; to continue to meet the technical requirements of the growing base of customers interacting with our brands through tablet devices, smartphones and other new media; and to add video and close-up viewing to our product pages to further assist our online customers. We will leverage these technology enhancements along with our rich customer data to deliver a personalized web experience that anticipates the needs of our customers, elevates the overall online interaction and continuously improves site conversion.
 To further improve customer service and enhance profitability in 2012, we are focused on 3 main areas in our supply chain: one, the quality of goods we produce; two, the service we provide to our customers; and three, the cost of our infrastructure. In global sourcing and manufacturing, we will continue to build quality into every phase of the design process and manufacturing process. And we are committed to further reducing returns and replacements due to damage and defects. Our new sourcing offices in China, Vietnam and Singapore are critical to achieving these goals.
 We also commit to engineering value into our products while reducing waste. We believe that we can partially offset rising raw material and labor cost through improved packaging, design engineering and optimized transportation. This is an important tenet of our commitment to economic, social and environmental sustainability. Our first corporate responsibility report will be released next month and represents the beginning of an ongoing dialogue around the company's responsible business practices. We believe that increased transparency in our global supply chain and other operations will be important to our success as we expand outside of North America. And a focus on reducing our overall environment impact will help us to further reduce cost, in addition to being the right thing to do, for the communities in which we operate.
 2012 will be the first full year we'll operate our consolidated East Coast operation on which we have installed a solar array that is the largest in New Jersey, providing 80% to 85% of the building's annual electricity needs, eliminating approximately 5 million pounds of CO2 emissions per year.
 2012 will also be the first full year we operate our new state-of-the-art upholstered furniture manufacturing facility in North Carolina. This operation, which manufactures exclusively for our brands, has significantly increased our manufacturing capacity while reducing our total cost per unit.
 Additionally, in 2012, we will begin investing in the redesign, consolidation and modernization of our 29-year-old conveyable direct-to-customer fulfillment operations in Memphis, Tennessee. This consolidation will ultimately combine 4 existing fulfillment operations into 2 highly productive facilities and will represent the largest distribution operations cost-reduction project in the company's history. This project will incorporate state-of-the-art technologies for maximum efficiency and improved quality. It is expected to take 5 years and will be implemented in phases as existing building leases expire.
 New business development is another important component of our growth strategy. In 2012, we will continue to identify innovative and exclusive businesses, to develop internally or acquire, that we believe can expand our reach and drive sustained profitable growth. Rejuvenation is a great example of our acquisition strategy. It represents a significant opportunity to leverage our multi-channel and supply chain capabilities with the exclusive high-quality lighting and house parts that Rejuvenation manufactures in Portland, Oregon.
 Cultivate.com, which we announced last month, is another example of how we're approaching new business development. Cultivate.com is our own internally developed web-based initiative that offers inspiration, design help and resources for homeowners and design professionals. We will monetize this traffic through a combination of partnerships, lead generation and a unique advertising program that will allow high-end kitchen appliance and home furnishings vendors to reach their target market in an exciting new way.
 The largest new opportunity that we see in our future is global expansion. As we shop the world, it is evident there is no one doing what we do and there's considerable demand for our brands. We currently attract a significant number of foreign nationals to our stores and websites, who frequently encourage us to open in their communities.
 In 2012, we'll expand our international shipping capability from 75 countries to 99. We will also continue to expand our franchise presence in the Middle East from 13 stores at the close of 2011 to 18, including the first Williams-Sonoma, PBteen and West Elm stores outside of the Americas. In 2012, we will also begin investing in our multi-channel, fully integrated global IT platform. This is a multiyear project that will foundationally support our broader global strategy, which includes owning and operating our own global operations and working with the highest-quality franchise partners where appropriate. We will introduce new customers to our brands through a combination of beacon stores, e-commerce and selective catalog mailings. Our global IT platform is expected to be fully operational in 2014.
 We have built a detailed road map for the work ahead of us, with qualitative and quantitative checkpoints along the way. We are committed to expanding globally with the same inspiring multi-channel experience we offer today to introduce our brands and products to the world and to expand profitably.
 Our capital investment in fiscal 2012, including these strategies, is expected to be in the range of $200 million to $220 million versus $130 million last year. This increase will support 5 strategic initiatives: one, continued investment in our e-commerce capability; two, the multiyear development of our multi-channel, multi-brand global IT platform; three, the expansion of West Elm including 7 new stores; four, the remodel of high-profile stores in our current brands; and last, the multiyear replacement of our conveyable direct-to-customer fulfillment operations.
 In addition to the increased capital expenditures, $15 million to $20 million will also be invested in incremental SG&A in 2012 to support our long-term e-commerce global expansion and business development growth strategies. While these investments will impact earnings in fiscal '12, we expect them to begin to lever in 2013 and beyond just as our fiscal '11 investments are beginning to provide returns in fiscal '12. Including all of these investments, we expect 2012 to be another record financial year with total revenues increasing 6% to 8%, comparable brand revenues increasing 3% to 5% and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share increasing 6% to 10%. Also during fiscal '12, we expect to return more than $240 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends.
 I will now turn the conference call over to Julie for additional details on our 2011 performance and 2012 guidance. Welcome, Julie. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Laura. And good morning.
 As Laura shared earlier, we did reach new milestones in financial performance in the fourth quarter. Net revenues increased 6% to $1.27 billion, with 14% growth in the direct-to-customer channel and 1% comparable store sales growth in the retail channel.
 Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share increased $0.09 to a record $1.17 versus $1.08 in the fourth quarter of 2010. Versus January guidance, stronger sales trends, favorable revenue recognition, higher-than-anticipated selling margins and strong expense management drove these better-than-expected results.
 Gross margin decreased 100 basis points to 41.3% versus last year. This decrease was driven by lower selling margins particularly in the Williams-Sonoma brands and a 40 basis point prior-year nonrecurring benefit related to Williams-Sonoma Home inventory cost recoveries, partially offset by 80 basis points of occupancy cost leverage.
 Non-GAAP occupancy costs in the fourth quarter declined $3 million to $127 million. Non-GAAP SG&A improved 90 basis points to 25.7%, driven by lower incentive compensation costs, reductions in other general expenses and greater advertising productivity, partially offset by higher employment costs associated with planned growth investments in e-commerce, global expansion and business development. Catalog circulation increased 1% and catalog pages circulated remained flat due to increase versioning.
 I would now like to comment on our fourth quarter non-GAAP operating margin in each of our business segments. At the total company level, our non-GAAP operating margin decreased 10 basis points versus last year to 15.6%. This decline was driven by a 70 basis point decrease in the retail segment to 20.4%, a 10 basis point decrease in the direct-to-customer segment to 22% and a 40 basis point improvement in the corporate unallocated segment to 5.4%. The 70 basis point decline in the retail segment was driven by lower selling margins, including a 50 basis point prior-year nonrecurring benefit related to Williams-Sonoma Home inventory cost recoveries and higher employment costs.
 These declines were partially offset by occupancy cost leverage and lower other general expenses. The 10 basis point decline in the direct-to-customer segment was driven by lower selling margins and higher employment costs associated with our e-commerce growth initiatives. These impacts were partially offset by higher advertising productivity, sales leverage of fixed occupancy costs and lower other general expenses. The 40 basis point improvement in the corporate unallocated segment was primarily driven by lower incentive compensation costs and a reduction in other general expenses, partially offset by higher employment costs associated with our planned growth investments.
 For the full year, 2011 net revenues increased 6% to $3.7 billion, with 12% growth in the direct-to-customer channel and 3.5% comparable store sales growth in the retail channel. Gross margin was unchanged at 39.2% as sales leverage of fixed occupancy costs offset lower selling margins. On a full year basis, non-GAAP occupancy cost declined $6 million to $500 million and leveraged 100 basis points. Non-GAAP SG&A decreased 50 basis points to 28.9% driven by lower incentive compensation costs, greater advertising productivity and reductions in other general expenses.
 Catalogs circulated during the year decreased 2%, and catalog pages circulated decreased 3% due to increased versioning.
 Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share increased 15% from $1.95 to $2.24. At the total company level, our fiscal 2011 non-GAAP operating margin increased 50 basis points to a record 10.3%. This increase was driven by a 50 basis point improvement in the direct-to-customer segment and a 10 basis point improvement in the corporate unallocated segment, which was offset by a 10 basis point decline in the retail segment.
 I would now like to discuss our fiscal 2012 guidance. Fiscal 2012 is expected to be another record earnings year as we begin leveraging our 2011 strategic growth initiatives while at the same time making new investments for 2012 and beyond. For the year, net revenue is expected to increase in the range of 6% to 8% and diluted earnings per share are expected to increase in the range of 6% to 10% to a record $2.37 to $2.47 per share. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be in the range of 10% to 10.4%.
 Included in this guidance are 2 items that are important to quantify and discuss. The first is the benefit of a 53rd week, which we expect will add approximately 2% in year-over-year revenue growth and $0.05 to $0.07 in EPS growth. The second, which more than offsets the benefit of the 53rd week, is the $15 million to $20 million or $0.09 to $0.12 per share increase in SG&A to support the strategic growth initiatives that Laura shared with you earlier. While, netted, these items are negatively impacting the 2012 operating margin by 30 to 40 basis points and the EPS by $0.04 to $0.05, it is the strength of our underlying business today that is driving this morning's 2012 revenue and EPS guidance to new levels.
 To deliver these results, comparable brand revenue on a 53-to-53 week basis is expected to increase 3% to 5%, including direct-to-customer growth of 8% to 11% and comparable store sales growth of 1% to 3%. We are also expecting to see ongoing sales leverage in our fixed occupancy costs, greater operational efficiencies in our supply chain and a higher percentage of total company revenues generated in the more profitable direct-to-customer channel, partially offset by higher stock-based compensation expense due to multiyear growth in the company's stock price, higher employee retention rates and increased stock-based grants to retain top talent.
 As we sit here today, we are encouraged by the momentum we are seeing in our business and are excited about the opportunities in the year ahead. While we remain cautious in our outlook on the macro environment, the strength of our brands and our proven track record of flexing our business in these less-certain economic times provide us with a strong confidence in our ability to deliver the guidance we have discussed today.
 I will now turn the call back over to Laura to discuss the Williams-Sonoma, Pottery Barn and West Elm brands. 
Laura Alber: Thank you, Julie.
 In the Williams-Sonoma brand, net revenues for 2011 were $994 million, including a comparable brand revenue decline of 0.3%. In the fourth quarter, comparable brand revenues declined 1.7% when we exclude the impact of planned SKU reductions in Williams-Sonoma Home. During the holiday season, the promotional environment was heavier than we anticipated. We take proactive measures to remain competitive and maintain our market share, but it put pressure on both the top and bottom lines. We saw the most promotional activity on nationally branded products particularly in the retail channel, with the greatest initial impact in cookware and cook's tools. As the season progressed, it expanded to other non-exclusive products as well. Where we had exclusivity on products and categories, our business was unquestionably stronger.
 In terms of customer engagement, our investments in the online customer experience and social media drove increased traffic to the brand. We also saw a strong performance from our Williams-Sonoma Reserve and co-branded Visa loyalty programs measured by the number of new customers in the programs, the frequency of the purchase, the average order size and the average annual spend.
 The brand's mission, to be the leading multi-channel retailer in cooking and entertainment world, has not changed. What has changed and what we want to outline for you today is how we will achieve our mission in 2012 and beyond given an increasingly competitive marketplace.
 The 3 areas of transformational change are product innovation, marketing and our in-store experience. Product innovation is at the core of our overall strategy. Customers shop our brands because we are the trusted authority in cooking. We recognize, however, that we cannot rely solely on our heritage to drive our future.
 Within product, we are intensely focused on 3 areas. The first is freshness and innovation. We will leverage trends and customer data to introduce new high-quality products throughout the year that are relevant to our customers' changing lifestyles and inspire them to cook and entertain in new ways. For 2012, we have a pipeline of products to launch that will illustrate this commitment.
 The second is exclusivity on branded products. Throughout the years, we have built our business with key vendors, and in many cases, we have participated in the development and launch of their products. In doing so, we have helped build some of the most important brands in the industry. We want to continue to offer the best of these products to our customer but we are making a strategic shift toward carrying exclusive products that we develop in conjunction with our vendors. And to the extent distribution is not limited in control [ph], we will reassess products and/or vendors as necessary.
 The third is Williams-Sonoma-branded products. To further enhance our exclusive mix, we will increase the level of Williams-Sonoma-branded products in our overall assortment. The quickest to market will be in entertaining and table top, but we will also increase and strengthen our offering in core and seasonal food. Other categories will follow in 2013 and beyond.
 To accelerate these new product initiatives, we made an exciting and strategic organizational change that we announced this morning. Monica Bhargava, our Head of Design for Pottery Barn, will be increasing her responsibility to include Williams-Sonoma product development with a particular focus on new lifestyle trends in cooking, food and entertaining. This change allows us to leverage our expansive, innovative and technical design capability with the design sophistication of the existing Williams-Sonoma team.
 Marketing is the next critical area of focus to clarify our premium positioning. We will market our products with a singular voice. We'll use our digital presentation, improve door signage and ongoing customer engagement to tell the unique stories behind our carefully selected products, highlighting the value, quality, origin and history of each one. Lifestyle merchandising is our competitive advantage, and we will communicate the stories we tell from the farm to the kitchen table seamlessly across channels.
 We will also leverage our multi-channel advantage more effectively using the catalog to inspire; the Internet becoming our largest store and information resource; and our stores as the face of the brand where customers can experience products first hand.
 Retail stores represent a significant competitive advantage and an opportunity to enhance the overall customer experience. Localized products and marketing and community events, including cooking classes and cookbook signings, will drive customer engagement beyond the sale. And new associate training programs and more sophisticated store scheduling tools will elevate products and culinary expertise for all store associates while ensuring that those with the most tenure are on-hand during critical selling periods.
 We're also rolling out our in-store clienteling initiative to Williams-Sonoma. This program strengthens the associate-customer relationship by offering one-on-one service both in store and in home and allowing the associate to anticipate and assist with the customer's future needs through personal interaction and online tools. The goal of these initiatives is to provide an unparalleled customer experience that ultimately results in a higher average order size and a higher number of transactions per customer per year. All of these initiatives have been tested and proven in our other brands and are driving strong growth. And for that reason, we believe they represent a significant opportunity for the Williams-Sonoma brand in 2012 and beyond.
 We will also continue to optimize our retail portfolio. In fiscal '11, we permanently closed 11 stores, and in fiscal 2012, we expect to close an additional 8 as we continue to attract, serve and retain an increasing number of customers online and in other stores and retail markets where stores have been closed.
 We will continue to measure the impact of our store closures and then drive increased retail profitability while keeping our store chain vibrant. We believe that all of these initiatives will allow us to take Williams-Sonoma brand, the assortment that it offers and the personal experience it provides to the customer to a new level in 2012 and beyond.
 In the Pottery Barn brand, net revenues for 2011 were $1.6 billion, including a comparable brand revenue increase of 8%. In the fourth quarter, comparable brand revenues increased 11%, on top of 14% last year, with strong results in both channels.
 From a merchandising perspective, the brand grew in all key categories, with particular strengths in furniture, home furnishings and table top. Innovative and relevant seasonal merchandise assortments and a strategic value proposition delivered these better-than-expected cross-category results. Of particular highlight was the superior execution of our gift-giving strategy.
 For the fourth quarter, operating margin reached record levels as the direct-to-customer revenues continue to grow as a percentage of total brand revenues. Traffic and conversion were key focuses, and we achieved very strong results from our highly targeted e-marketing and online promotional initiative.
 As we look forward to 2012, we will aim to achieve new levels of sales and profitability by executing against those strategies that are driving results in the brand today. Specifically, we will grow existing and new product categories by consistently introducing authentic and artisanal products at a great value. For example, we will introduce new categories to furnish those rooms in the house that are highly functional, such as the laundry room and closet. Our in-house team of highly talented designers provides us with a competitive advantage that is difficult to match in the marketplace. We will leverage and grow our capabilities and technology to allow our customers to interact with the brands anytime, anywhere and on any device.
 We'll also leverage technology to expand our in-store design services, making it easier for our customers to design and decorate. We will enhance our marketing initiatives in each channel, driving toward seamless messaging and the deliver of effective data-driven product recommendations to our customers in all channels. And we will continue to deliver a superior retail experience by elevating our service levels at every customer touch point in stores and at home.
 We believe that all these strategies will further establish Pottery Barn as the destination for casual and affordable interior design and the premier specialty home furnishings retailer in the world.
 In the Pottery Barn Kids brand, net revenues for 2011 was $522 million, including a comp brand revenue increase of 7%. In the fourth quarter, Pottery Barn Kids comparable brand revenues increased 6%, on top of 10% last year, with strong results in both channels. From a merchandising perspective, the brand grew in each major product category, with particular strengths in textiles, furniture and decorative accessories. An expanded products assortment, a compelling value proposition and an effective traffic-generating promotional calendar drove these better-than-expected results.
 As we look forward to 2012, we will continue to focus on those initiatives that drive results today. Specifically, we will introduce inspiring and innovative products at a great value. We'll attract new customers to the brand through targeted marketing, in-store service offerings and strategic partnerships like National Geographic and PBS. We will drive growth by making our e-commerce website the ultimate design resource for our customer. And we will deliver world-class service across channels that is engaging, personal, unique and seamless.
 I would now like to talk about the PBteen brand. In the fourth quarter, PBteen comparable brand revenues increased 1% on top of 23% last year. We saw a strong growth in furniture that was partially offset by decorative accessories and textiles. For the year, comparable brand revenues increased 7% to $212 million on top of 21% last year, and the brand delivered a record year in earnings. PBteen has a unique position in the marketplace as the only home furnishings brand dedicated solely to teens.
 As we look forward to 2012, we will continue to build on strategies that we believe will help us to increase sales and profitability of the brand. We will accelerate proprietary new product offerings, with the largest volume occurring in the back half of the year for the important gift-giving season. We will broaden the aesthetic to engage a wider range of teens. We will invest in and develop the best online design tools in the teen market. And we will engage the customer in new and exciting non-traditional retail experiences. We believe all these initiatives will allow us to take the PBteen brand to a new level of performance.
 Finally, I would like to talk about West Elm. West Elm delivered a record fourth quarter. Comparable brand revenues increased 35% on top of 29% last year, and earnings and profitability reached new heights. The brand grew in all key categories, with particular strengths in textiles, furniture and decorative accessories. New product and category introductions, a strong seasonal assortment, an enhanced value proposition and highly effective multi-channel marketing drove these impressive results in all channels.
 We are particularly pleased with the consistency of West Elm's performance through the past year as the brand has become a significant driver of our company-wide growth on both the top and bottom lines. 
 As we look forward to 2012, our strategy is to profitably grow the West Elm brand by engaging with a broader base of customer and increasing engagement with our current customers. Products will be inspired by nature, global craft and artisanal traditions. We will diversify our assortments and deliver seasonal freshness and lower-priced pick-up items to promote purchase frequency. We will maintain our compelling value proposition, and we will also expand our DTC assortments in key categories.
 From a customer engagement perspective, we will deliver a completely integrated, truly immersive cross-channel brand experience to create a seamless connection with our customers. We will also be aggressively looking for more retail expansion opportunities as retail profitability continues to achieve new milestones. We believe all of these initiatives will improve our competitive positioning and allow us to profitably grow this brand. The future is bright for West Elm. In 2011, revenues reached $336 million, and we can clearly see a path to $1 billion in revenues over time.
 In summary, we believe that Williams-Sonoma, Inc., is entering a new phase of growth. Our financial performance is strong, and we have an exceptional leadership team with the right people in the right roles. We also have a winning strategy to grow our core brands, expand and develop new ones and expand globally. We believe this will allow us to deliver sustained profitable growth well into the future and provide predictable returns to our loyal, long-term shareholders. We look forward to sharing developments with you in the coming quarters and years.
 I would now like to open the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]  Our first question today  will come from Budd Bugatch with Raymond James. 
Budd Bugatch: Julie, good luck to you on your role. And first, let me just thank Sharon for all of her help over the years and wish her well in her future endeavors, as with you. Just my question really goes to the guidance and the operating margin. And recognizing that we've got an extra week next year and some of the initiatives going on, can you perhaps parse the competitive situation in Williams-Sonoma, particularly? Can you kind of give us some feel or color as to how gross margin will look year-over-year and what's incorporated into the guidance? 
Laura Alber: Thank you, Budd, for the question. I'm going to let Julie talk about our guidance for next year. We have, as you may have noticed, stopped guiding our margin. We believe that it is competitive to give the specifics on gross margin and SG&A because they signal pricing strategies and advertising intentions. And we believe we provided you the best metrics for evaluating our businesses and brands, including sales by brand now. We also know that sometimes these small variances to our previous guidance metrics have created a little unwarranted volatility in our stock with no correlation to actual performance. But I'm happy to have Julie talk to you about how we built our 2012 guidance. 
Julie Whalen: So again, I think you alluded to it, but on the operating margin in particular. If you back out the benefit of the 53rd week and the impact of our growth investments, the operating margin guidance will actually be going up 30 to 40 basis points. And if you think about that, the -- what that's driven from is the continued sales leverage of our fixed occupancy costs; greater operational efficiencies in our supply chain, as Laura previously discussed; and a higher percentage of total company revenues being generated from more profitable direct-to-customer channel. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Colin McGranahan with Bernstein & Company. 
Colin McGranahan: I guess I just kind of wanted to go to the elephant in the room here and hope that maybe you could provide a little bit more color on Sharon's departure. It was relatively abrupt and, I think, widely unexpected. So any help you can give us as to what her plans are and what your plans are, whether Julie is going to be the acting CFO or whether she's in line to be the permanent CFO, and just a little bit more color about the transition here. 
Laura Alber: Thanks for the question, Colin. It's an important question and I want to be very open about it. First, I want to begin by saying, as Budd did, that I represent the entire management team in thanking Sharon for her many contributions over the past decade: leadership, operational leadership, financial leadership. Sharon has made the decision to retire. She's taking some time and going to move to new things, and we all wish her the very best in her future endeavors. Our financial organization and leadership team is very strong across the brand and across the board in the financial area and also in the other areas that reported to Sharon. We have a team that has been with the company mostly over 10 years, and each of them can do more. We also have a company-wide mindset and process that is deeply ingrained to drive operational and financial excellence. And we are all aligned to pursue our winning strategy. I'm going to let Julie tell you about herself in a minute. Julie's been here for a long time and is extremely well-versed, as you will learn quickly, in our business and also very strategic about how she sees our future earnings being driven. And in terms of intention for new CFO, of course we will do a worldwide search for the best CFO possible, and of course, Julie is a candidate for that position as well. Julie, do you want to tell everybody a little bit about yourself? 
Julie Whalen: Sure. Thanks, Laura. First of all, I'm thrilled to be on the call today. I couldn't be more excited to be here at Williams-Sonoma at this time to help drive continued strong financial performance and a successful execution of our strategy. My 10.5 years of experience here at Williams-Sonoma in planning as a controller, treasurer, give me a comprehensive picture of our financials. And I'll use all of my skills and experience, including my public accounting experience with KPMG, my law degree, CPA, to drive operational excellence in our finances. I look forward to meeting you. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs. 
Matthew Fassler: My question relates to the CapEx and the incremental SG&A. I guess this is the second year in a row that you ramped up SG&A investment kind of in an isolated way. And your CapEx was higher this year, too. So is this -- are these investments going to be recurring investments? In other words, does this investment go away? And similarly, what is the long-run run rate for CapEx, is it closer to the $130 million that we saw in 2011 or the $220 million that we're seeing in 2012? 
Laura Alber: Sure. It's Laura. And I want to say again that we are committed to investing in future growth and supply chain optimization initiatives for at least the next 3 years. And we believe that they will be within this range and that this year's level of investment will continue. As I said earlier, the investment is in 5 areas: e-commerce, the multiyear development of our global IT supply chain in retail networks, retail expansion of West Elm, remodel of high-profile stores in our current brands and a multiyear replacement of our conveyable mail order distribution fulfillment operations. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer. 
Brian Nagel: I have a question -- more of a philosophical question around the guidance. Williams-Sonoma is, I think, known amongst most investors as typically providing conservative, or guidance with an air of conservatism in it. If you will look at today and the multiple announcements you've made, obviously with the significant management change, the reacceleration in spending. A 2-part question for me. One is, is there an extra error [ph] of conservatism in the guidance given maybe some of the shifts at Williams-Sonoma and within the business model and the spending? And then second off, Sharon, who -- how instrumental was she in putting together this guidance? 
Laura Alber: I'm going to let Julie take the first piece about our guidance that we have provided. 
Julie Whalen: We, we're confident about the guidance we have provided today. Our guidance, as you know, is based on our brand opportunities that Laura spoke to earlier. And of course, takes into consideration the macro environment we see today and there are uncertainties over which we have no control. But at this point, we feel very confident about the guidance we have provided today. I think the other thing you have to take into consideration throughout as you're looking at this guidance, as we said in our prepared remarks, is the net impact of the benefit from the 53rd week and our incremental SG&A spend for our planned growth initiatives. If you take those 2 into consideration, our operating margin guidance would actually be 30 to 40 basis points higher and our EPS would be at 8% to 13% growth versus 6% to 10%. 
Laura Alber: And in regards to Sharon and her role, Sharon did a lot of wonderful things for the company. We have an incredible team of people here who've been here a long time. I'm hoping to have you all meet some of them over time, including Dean Miller, who runs our supply chain logistics transportation and who has driven so many of our company's supply chain initiatives and cost reduction programs, as well as many others in the brands who are both focused on the creative and innovative part of our business but also highly disciplined financial executives who are very focused on profitability. 
Operator: We'll move on to Joe Feldman with Telsey Advisory Group. 
Joseph Feldman: Congratulations, Julie, in the new role for now. The question about -- as you've reduced the stores this year and continue to do so going forward, I know in the past you've given us some examples how you've been able to maintain and even expand market share in some markets, and I'm just wondering, are you still seeing that trend, for one? And two, with the shift, is the operating margin expansion that we have been seeing or should see still because of the shift to Internet? Or is it because more of the cost control efforts that you've done? Or is it because of the leverage on occupancy that you've had? 
Laura Alber: Sure, Joe. The company has a very disciplined approach to our real estate, as you know. We set very high profitability levels for each store and we regularly conduct market-by-market reviews of our fleet. This has resulted in a very profitable real estate portfolio over the years, and it's ongoing process. As I said earlier, this year we plan to permanently close 16 stores and we're going to remodel 13. And we will continue to conduct these market-by-market reviews to optimize our portfolio as opportunities present themselves. The second part of the question, I just wanted to have you clarify again, if you would, what you're asking. 
Joseph Feldman: I guess, just on the margin side of things as you've closed stores. The -- I know we've seen the occupancy leverage, but that's kind of somewhat fleeting, right, when you get the leverage for the year. And I guess, on an ongoing basis, it's there, but does it really drive the expansion, I guess, of the margin that you are shifting to the direct channel? 
Julie Whalen: Yes, as we said earlier, the operating margin improvement assumes continued sales leverage of our fixed occupancy costs, so that will continue. But we also have greater operational efficiencies in our supply chain and the fact that we have a higher percentage of the total company revenues generated in the DTC channel. So it's all of those combined. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Neely Tamminga with Piper Jaffray. 
Neely Tamminga: I just feel compelled to also add my thanks to Sharon for the years of partnership with the investment community. She definitely leaves a legacy of integrity. So all the best to her and her move towards retirement. And welcome, Julie. I was wondering a little bit more if we could get some of the puts and takes on some of the key cost components. I'm particularly interested in gas price levels and what that can mean to fuel surcharges as well as your freight outlook for 2012. If you could give us a little bit more detail around that, that'd be really helpful.
 [Technical Difficulty] 
Laura Alber: I'm sorry, it's hard to hear in the call. Steve, can you turn the call up? 
Stephen Nelson: Sure. 
Laura Alber: I'm sorry to ask you again, Neely. I heard, like, the cost components -- what? 
Neely Tamminga: It's okay, Laura. Just the key costs we're looking for especially with gas price activity being on in the press these days. Just wondering what the fuel surcharges might be, if that's already been going on, just your freight outlook in general for 2012. 
Laura Alber: All of that is inherent in our guidance. 
Operator: We'll move on to the next question from Matt McGinley with International Strategy & Investment Group. 
Matthew McGinley: I have a question about how you manage your brand portfolio and the investments that you make in that. How do you think about the investment required to support or fix the Williams-Sonoma brand versus the investment you're going to spend in new concepts like West Elm or some of the more mature concepts like Pottery Barn? Where is your investment, going forward in 2012, focused on? 
Laura Alber: It's a great question. We have a mindset to build a strategy, have a road map to execute the strategy and then to measure, measure, measure the whole way through to make sure that we're on the right path. I think the best example of that was what we did with West Elm. In the beginning, you remember, when we were not pleased with our performance, that we laid out the strategy and we said we're going to really make sure that we're identifying and diagnosing the right problems and the right solutions before we just go full bore. We have a very important brand, Williams-Sonoma, with high customer satisfaction and a very profitable model. And while we were not pleased with the decline that we saw over the holidays period, negative, very low digit, is not exactly reason for to believe that it's a crisis. It is a opportunity, as we see it, to compete even more effectively and grow this brand into the future. And so similar to the approach that we had on West Elm, we have the 3 key areas I talked about: product strategy, marketing transformation, in-store experience. And we have been working on this for a while now. If you go back and listen to previous calls, we hinted at some of it. We didn't lay it out as clearly as we did today. But because we have been working on it, you're going to see the pipeline of these projects -- the pipeline of products and these projects coming through, and we will continue to tell you about our progress on each of them. And based on the results, we will fund immediately more investment where we're getting the return. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Alan Rifkin with Barclays. 
Helen Pan: This is actually Helen Pan filling in for Alan Rifkin. I just wanted to follow up on the West Elm concept and dig a little deeper into why you're planning for the 4 store closures, slash, remodels for 2012 and if you have any further updates on the unit economics for the concepts as well. 
Laura Alber: Sure. We are always looking for the best locations. So there are some locations where we want to be in the town but we don't want to be in that exact spot. And we have found opportunities to improve our fleet. And we are always looking for in-store fixture pack [ph], remodel pack [ph] that drives real results, and so that is what we're doing in West Elm. And West Elm just continues to have momentum beyond what we planned. Or as I said earlier, we see a very bright future for West Elm and we are going to continue to aggressively grow it. 
Operator: Your next question will come from Christine Rapalje with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. 
Christine Rapalje: My question is just more general about the current mood that you're seeing with the customer. A lot in the past year, you've emphasized having to maintain a strong value message. I was just wondering if you're sensing any kind of lift there, any increased confidence by the consumer maybe, a move upscale, et cetera. 
Laura Alber: Yes, I think it's a little early to call that. There's still a lot of uncertainty out there. There's good news, there's bad news on any given day, but the strength of our brands and our proven track record in flexing our business in times that are choppy gives us confidence in our ability to drive our business and deliver the guidance that we provided today. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Anthony Chukumba with BB&T Capital Markets. 
Anthony Chukumba: Somewhat a related question to the last one. Was just wondering if you could comment at all on the promotional environment. I know you've said earlier that you're seeing increased promotional activity among some of the big box stores and some of the department stores, and I was just wondering what you've seen post holiday and also post fourth quarter. 
Laura Alber: It's -- I'll answer the question a little bit differently this time to give you guys some more insights on how we think about it. We're very lucky to have a portfolio of brands. Each of them has different positioning, Williams-Sonoma being more premium and West Elm being a more value-driven brand. And so our promotional plans for this year are -- it's hard to generalize them because they are different by brand. And so of course you see the least amount of promotions in Williams-Sonoma and you will continue to see more in West Elm. And we also believe and are committed to driving traffic and growing our brands through planned promotions that complement our innovative and exclusive product introductions. And to the extent that the macro environment becomes more promotional, we will adjust our strategy. 
Operator: Our next version will come from Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets. 
Scot Ciccarelli: It's Scot Ciccarelli. Can you talk about -- you were -- it was fortunate that we -- you broke out revenue by brand. Can you talk about how different that mix is particularly for the Williams-Sonoma brand in the fourth quarter? I'm also curious why you broke out the $15 million to $20 million of spending as a separate line item during the year. 
Laura Alber: Thanks, Scot. We did make the decision after we really listened to everyone in the investment community that it would be helpful for us to give brand revenues, and I hope that it is and it's -- it puts everything -- it helps you understand why we're so confident in growing this business dramatically over the next 3 to 5 years. In terms of going through it by quarter, I think that's highly competitive, and I'm sorry but I'm not going to go through that now. We've always, when we had a bigger-than-expected investment year, tried to make that really clear to you, which we did this year, so you could look at the strength of our underlying business. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Brad Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Jason Campbell: This is actually Jason sitting in for Brad today. I was wondering if you can comment a little on the long-term potential of the West Elm brand. I mean, you're rolling unit growth this year double digit. I was wondering where you see that long-term kind of retail footprint. Does that approach something like the Pottery Barn, or is that going to be more limited? 
Laura Alber: It's a great question. We believe and can see clearly a path to $1 billion by growing both direct and retail, both store expansion and also comp store sales growth. And as we go into -- when we go to markets with multi-stores, we need to understand better how -- the evolving retail opportunity and whether we can have less stores in a market than we did previously and drive more profitable growth online. And so for me to break it out by channel might be premature because we're continuing to use our data to understand exactly how many we can see and open profitably. But $1 billion is our sight domestically, that is, for West Elm. And I'll say that, of all of our brands, we believe that West Elm probably has one of the biggest international opportunities because of its aesthetic, its value proposition and the small-scale size of its furniture which is very appropriate for a lot of the global markets, as you know. 
Operator: We'll move on then the queue to Peter Benedict with Robert W. Baird. 
Peter Benedict: Just first, a clarification, Laura, just the expectation for $15 million to $20 million of additional SG&A this year. Did I hear you correctly in saying that you should -- we should be expecting something similar in each of the next 3 years and that CapEx should remain above $200 million for the next 3 years? That's just kind of a clarification. And then my question is, the stock-based compensation outlook for this year's up a bunch from last year. Is there anything in there for Sharon, exit costs or anything on those lines, and if not, are there any costs associated with Sharon's retirement that we should be aware of? 
Laura Alber: Sure, let me take all those. So first, the clarification. I was referring to CapEx when I was talking about expecting it to be within this level, not on the SG&A side. And so we didn't give any -- I didn't give any outlook for that for the next 3 years. On stock-based compensation, Sharon's separation agreement is not in that number that we have announced today. We have filed an 8-K that you can review. 
Julie Whalen: And that will be non-recurring and non-GAAP. 
Operator: And our last question today will come from Kate McShane with Citi Investment Research. 
Kate McShane: I was wondering if you could walk us through just a little bit more on your Williams-Sonoma brand strategy, going forward. And I know you've already given a lot of details for some new initiatives, but I wondered if you could quantify a little bit more what the strategy will be for. How much Williams-Sonoma product will be increasing as a percentage of mix? And also, it's with -- in light of the price promotions, will there be a new value message as well for the Williams-Sonoma banner being conveyed? 
Laura Alber: Sure, I'll take the question. It's Laura. And the Williams-Sonoma strategy, as I said before, is focused on 3 areas: product, marketing and in-store experience. And we have a pipeline of products and marketing strategies and retail store initiatives, systems support as well as store of the future initiatives that we will be launching and this you will see [ph] both this year and beyond. It is a multiyear strategy. In terms of pricing, we are sitting in a very premium position. We carry the best of everything. That doesn't mean we're expensive. It means that we don't carry -- if there's a large range of KitchenAid products, we only carry the top of the range; or All-Clads; or any of the branded products. As it relates to percentages branded, exclusive, non-exclusive, it's highly competitive. As I said earlier, the area that you can affect most quickly is in the private label area and increasing that mix as a percent of total. And then you'll also see us launch branded products that are exclusive for longer periods of time and indefinitely. And then you will also see us launching more specifically Williams-Sonoma-branded outside of the table top and entertaining areas throughout the next quarters and coming years. 
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I'll now turn the conference back over to Ms. Alber for any additional or closing remarks. 
Laura Alber: Well, I want to thank you all for joining us and for your continued support. 
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-17 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Sharon L. McCollam - Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President, Director and Member of Incentive Award Committee Patrick J. Connolly - Chief Marketing Officer, Executive Vice President and Director Laura J. Alber - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Incentive Award Committee Stephen C. Nelson - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Bradley B. Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Anthony C. Chukumba - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Joseph Feldman - Telsey Advisory Group Peter S. Benedict - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division David G. Magee - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Matthew R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division TJ McConville Greg Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Colin McGranahan - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research Brian W. Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Steve Nelson, Vice President of Investor Relations, to discuss non-GAAP measures and forward-looking statements.
Stephen C. Nelson: Good morning. This morning's conference call should be considered in conjunction with the press release that we issued earlier today. Our press release and this call contain non-GAAP financial measures that exclude the impact of unusual business events. These non-GAAP financial measures are provided to facilitate meaningful year-over-year comparisons. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, and an explanation of why these non-GAAP financial measures are useful, are discussed in Exhibit 1 of the press release. The forward-looking statements included in this morning's call constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, guidance, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2011 and beyond and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company's current press releases and SEC filings for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call. I will now turn the conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer, to discuss our third quarter 2011 results and our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2011 outlook.
Laura J. Alber: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Pat Connolly, our Chief Marketing Officer; and Sharon McCollam, our Chief Operating, Chief Financial Officer. The third quarter was another strong quarter for the company as we continue to gain market share and drive enhanced profitability.  During the quarter, comparable brand revenues increased 7% as direct-to-customer revenues increased 10% and retail comp store sales increased 6%. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share increased 17% to a third quarter record of $0.41. Innovative merchandising, personalized and event-triggered marketing and a higher level of customer engagement drove these better-than-expected results as we continue to attract new customers to our brand.  Non-GAAP operating margin climbed 60 basis points to a Q3 record of 7.9% as higher revenues drove increased sales leverage in fixed occupancy and advertising costs. Throughout the quarter, we continued to invest in our key long-term growth initiatives, including driving growth in our direct-to-customer channel, expanding the reach of West Elm, increasing our global presence and executing against our business development strategy.  Within the direct-to-customer channel, e-commerce revenues increased 15%. A continued focus on traffic and conversion drove these results, including the ongoing optimization of paid search and natural search, improved relevance of targeted marketing and an enhanced online customer experience. In West Elm, comparable brand revenues increased 27% on top of 24% last year as new customer accounts continued to rise.  Also during the quarter, we added 5 additional franchise stores in the Middle East. This brings our total Middle East franchise stores to 13 with plans for expansion in 2012 and beyond. We're also continuing to work on our long-term global expansion strategy. In business development, we acquired Rejuvenation Inc. on November 1, which is in our fourth quarter. Headquartered in Portland, Oregon, Rejuvenation is a leading manufacturer and multichannel retailer of custom configured and authentic made-to-order lighting in addition to high-end door and cabinet hardware.  An excellent complement to our portfolio of brands, Rejuvenation is marketed through e-commerce, catalog and 3 stores. While not currently material to our total revenue or earnings, we expect Rejuvenation to become a more meaningful contributor over time as we leverage our multichannel marketing and supply chain logistic capabilities with Rejuvenation's high-quality specialty products.  In our supply chain during the quarter, we continue to drive ongoing customer service and cost reduction benefits through our Asian sourcing, distribution, transportation and packaging initiatives. We also completed the transition of our North Carolina upholstered furniture operations to our new state-of-the-art facility as our demand for high-quality exclusive upholstered products continues to grow.  As we enter into the fourth quarter, the consumer response to our seasonal merchandising assortments has been positive despite volatility in the overall economy. This response, combined with our strong value proposition and a greatly enhanced multichannel shopping experience, leaves us well-positioned to continue to gain market share and deliver another highly profitable quarter.  As such, we are reiterating our fourth quarter non-GAAP EPS guidance of $1.15 to $1.20 and we are increasing our full year guidance for the $0.02 outperformance we delivered in Q3. This brings our fiscal year 2011 revenue growth to a range of 5% to 6% and our non-GAAP diluted EPS to a range of $2.21 to $2.26 versus $1.95 last year. I will now turn the call over to Sharon for more details on the third quarter and our guidance.
Sharon L. McCollam: Thank you, Laura. Good morning, everyone. As Laura said earlier, Q3 was another strong quarter for the company. Net revenues increased 6% to $867 million, significantly better than the industry and comparable brand revenues increased 7.3%. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share increased 17% to a third quarter record of $0.41 per share, which was $0.02 above the high end of our guidance.  Incremental revenues, higher productivity of advertising costs and benefits from our ongoing occupancy cost reduction initiatives drove these better-than-expected results. Gross margin increased 10 basis points to 38.3%. This increase was primarily driven by sales leverage at fixed occupancy expenses and a decrease in occupancy cost, partially offset by lower year-over-year selling margins and the margin impact of our international franchise operations.  For the quarter, occupancy expense dollars decreased $1 million to $125 million. In SG&A, expenses decreased 50 basis points to 30.4% on a non-GAAP basis. This decrease was primarily driven by lower advertising costs, a reduction in other general expenses and sales leverage from increased net revenues, partially offset by higher employment costs.  The employment increase was reflective of our planned incremental investment in our e-commerce, global expansion and business development growth strategies. From a segment reporting perspective, the Q3 total company earnings before tax operating margin expanded 60 basis points on a non-GAAP basis to a record 7.9%, driven by 140 basis point improvement in the direct-to-customer segment and a 20 basis point improvement in the retail segment.  These improvements were partially offset by a 20 basis point impact in the non-allocated expense segment, driven by incremental investments in our longer-term growth initiatives. In the direct-to-customer segment, the 140 basis point improvement in the operating margin was driven by increased productivity and advertising costs, sales leverage of fixed occupancy expenses and ongoing benefits from supply chain.  These improvements were partially offset, however, by the selling margin impact of increased promotional activity and planned incremental investments in e-commerce. The 20 basis point improvement in the retail segment was driven by sales leverage of fixed occupancy expenses, lower occupancy costs due to store closures and sales leverage of fixed SG&A expenses again partially offset by the selling margin impact of increased promotional activity.  From a balance sheet perspective, cash and cash equivalents decreased $10 million to $379 million after returning over $205 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends over the past 12 months. Merchandise inventories increased $40 million or 7% to $627 million. Back orders at the end of the quarter, however, continue to be higher than last year due to strong sales in several runaway categories that we are working aggressively to replenish. And customer deposits increased $11 million to $208 million, primarily due to an increase in customer shipments in transit at the end of the quarter.  I'd now like to briefly discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2011 guidance. As Laura mentioned, we are encouraged by the early consumer response to our seasonal and holiday merchandising and marketing strategies. As such, we are increasing our full year guidance for the outperformance we saw in Q3 and are reiterating our top and bottom line guidance for Q4. In Q4, net revenues are expected to be in the range of $1.24 billion to $1.26 billion and non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be in the range of $1.15 to $1.20 versus $1.08 last year.  This assumes revenue growth of 4% to 6%, comparable brand revenue growth of 5.5% to 7.5% and non-GAAP diluted EPS growth of 6.5% to 11%. For the full year, net revenues are expected to be in the range of $3.69 billion to $3.72 billion and non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be in the range of $2.21 to $2.26 versus $1.95 last year.  This assumes revenue growth of 5% to 6%, comparable brand revenue growth of 6.5% to 7.5% and non-GAAP diluted EPS growth of 13% to 16%. In both the fourth quarter and the full year, our non-GAAP diluted EPS guidance, even at the low end, represents record profitability for the company as we leverage our multichannel business model and grow DTC as a percentage of our mix. At the same time, it includes our ongoing investment in our next phases of growth including e-commerce, global expansion and business development.  From a uses of cash perspective, our business model continues to generate significant cash flow, and we have virtually no debt. So we are well-positioned to invest in growth like the Rejuvenation acquisition while at the same time return excess cash to our shareholders. As such, we will continue to do both as we strive to further enhance long-term shareholder value. I will now turn the call over to Laura to discuss the performance of our Williams-Sonoma, Pottery Barn and West Elm brands.
Laura J. Alber: Thank you, Sharon. I would like to begin by discussing the performance of the Williams-Sonoma brand. Comparable brand revenues in Williams-Sonoma grew 0.1% in the third quarter led by growth in the direct-to-customer channel. In the retail channel, we experienced a more promotional competitive environment but offset it with a greater level of online customer engagement and stronger e-marketing initiatives.  Another initiative during the quarter, was the consolidation of the Williams-Sonoma and Williams-Sonoma Home website to create a more engaging and holistic brand experience for our customers. We also expanded our Williams-Sonoma Home cable, chair and kitchen island assortments in our larger Williams-Sonoma stores to provide a more inspiring backdrop to showcase our tabletop and entertaining category.  Also during the quarter, we expanded our Williams-Sonoma loyalty initiatives by rolling out our new cobranded Visa signature card. While it is still early in the launch, the consumer response is exceeding our expectations and combined with our reserve shipping program, we believe we are entering the fourth quarter with one of the most compelling loyalty offerings in the housewares and home furnishing category. From a merchandising perspective during the quarter, we continue to see growth in the departments where we had the greatest concentration of new product introductions and strong traffic generating promotional calendars including electrics, entertaining and linens.  These increases were partially offset, however, by cook's tools and cookware. As we enter into the fourth quarter, we have a significant number of new merchandising, targeted marketing and customer engagement initiatives that we did not have 1 year ago. In merchandising, the fourth quarter assortment offers a significantly higher percentage of new and exclusive products, particularly in seasonal, cooking and entertaining, electrics and food. We're also offering our customers a greatly expanded number of gifting options, both personalized and preselected, which we believe are not only under-penetrated categories but also important customer service offerings.  In marketing, we are increasing our in-store and online messaging behind our Williams-Sonoma exclusive product offerings and our enhanced value proposition. In addition, we'll be capitalizing on the new marketing opportunities that the reserve shipping and co-branded Visa loyalty programs offer. We'll also be driving increased customer engagement in our retail stores by leveraging our just launched clienteling initiative in the Williams-Sonoma brand.  Additionally, we are launching our strongest ever in-store event calendar for the holiday season. We believe that all these initiatives will enhance the multichannel shopping experience for our customers and further advance the brand's authority as the premier destination for high-quality cooking accessories, gift-giving ideas and home-entertaining essentials throughout the fourth quarter and beyond.  I would now like to talk about Pottery Barn. In the Pottery Barn brand, comparable brand revenues increased 7% on top of 16% last year with strong results across both channels. From a merchandising perspective, all key categories particularly textiles, furniture and tabletop delivered impressive growth during the quarter. An innovative merchandise assortment relevant to how our customers live, decorate and entertain and a strong value proposition drove these better-than-expected results.  From an operational perspective, optimized advertising and occupancy expenses and lower supply chain costs, combined with strong revenue growth, drove one of the highest third quarter operating margins in the brand's history. As we enter into the fourth quarter, we are encouraged by the positive consumer response we are currently seeing to our seasonal and holiday merchandise assortments and confident in the strategies we have planned for the fourth quarter, including delivering a cohesive and value-sensitive merchandising strategy around exclusive, innovative and artisanal products; creating an engaging in-store experience for our customers through decorating events, clienteling and complementary design services; and making our website the broadest expression of our brand by blending commerce, content and ease of use to deliver a superior shopping experience across all channels.  All these initiatives are driving new customers to the brand and represent ongoing opportunities to increase market share. Now I would like to talk about the Pottery Barn Kids brand. Pottery Barn Kids' comparable brand revenues increased 5% on top of 12% last year as direct-to-customer sales climbed to a record 55% of net revenue. From a merchandising perspective, all key categories delivered positive growth during the quarter, with particular strength in furniture, textiles and decorative accessories. Our expanded baby offering and a brand-wide focus on product excellence, visual display and the customer experience drove these strong results.  From an operational perspective, product sourcing initiatives and a strategic promotional calendar, combined with tight inventories and strong expense management, offset lower selling margins that resulted from a more promotional competitive environment. As we enter into the fourth quarter, we are encouraged by the positive consumer response we are seeing to our seasonal holiday merchandise assortments and are continuing to focus on initiatives that will drive customer acquisition, customer engagement and strong multichannel growth.  These initiatives include: Marketing our expanded gifts assortment to establish Pottery Barn Kids as top-of-mind gift-giving destination for children; leveraging our multichannel and operational strength to deliver a seamless and engaging customer experience across all channels; and driving e-commerce growth through compelling content, improved search, increased conversion and enhanced social platform.  I would now like to talk about the PBteen brand. Comparable brand revenues in PBteen increased 6% on top of 17% last year as operating profitability reached new highs and our dorm and back-to-school strategies drove incremental sales and new customers to the brand. From a merchandising perspective, we saw particular strength in decorative accessories and textiles. As we enter into the fourth quarter, we are continuing to focus on those initiatives that are driving enhanced brand awareness and a greater level of customer engagement, including: Increasing traffic and conversion in e-commerce through highly targeted marketing campaigns and a strong promotional calendar; expanding our gifting assortment and further positioning the brand as a design resource for innovation, quality and unique gifts; broadening our reach through new customer acquisition and an expanded presence in social networks; and testing our first pop-up store, which opened to a strong consumer response earlier this month.  All these initiatives will allow us to further engage the teen customer in new ways and continue to drive strong earnings for the brand. Lastly, I would like to talk about West Elm. The West Elm brand delivered another record quarter as net revenues and operating profitability again reached new highs. During the third quarter, comparable brand revenues increased 27% on top of 24% last year with both channels driving impressive year-over-year growth. From a merchandising perspective, new product introductions, an enhanced value proposition and a highly targeted multichannel marketing strategy drove strong results across categories. Textiles, furniture, decorative accessories and tabletop were top-performing categories as the rebalance of the product mix continues to drive increased frequency of purchase and engage new customers in the brand.  From a customer engagement perspective, our commitment to a seamless cross channel connection with our customers has taken service in the brand to a new level. To achieve this, we provided our customer with great product, great design, deep product information and expert advice across channels. Additionally, we have introduced a new store design with our Seattle store, which opened this quarter and launched the most compelling website redesign in our history of the brand.  Both of these initiatives are providing the customer with a real, tangible and vital expression of the brands in every interaction. As we enter into the fourth quarter, we are encouraged by the positive consumer response to our broadened assortment and compelling value proposition. We believe the brand's vision of offering unique, affordable and approachable products that help our customers express their own personal style at home is resonating with our customers. And we are continuing to focus on those initiatives that are taking the business to the next level.  These initiatives include: diversifying the product assortment and aesthetic to broaden the appeal of the brand; expanding the assortment of textiles, gifts and entertaining products at a compelling value; establishing westelm.com as a hub of the online design community through relevant product, cutting-edge original content and design inspiration; and continuing to evolve the retail service model by offering a complete brand experience in-store.  We're also aggressively pursuing the expansion of our retail footprint as premier locations become available, including today's opening of our new store in Los Angeles. I would now like to open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will go first to Budd Bugatch with Raymond James.
TJ McConville: This is TJ filling in for Bud. Laura, you referenced several times throughout the call the promotional environment and the heightened level of promotion. Can you give us maybe a little color about how that -- how you think that relates to -- is relative to last year, one; and then maybe two, how that relates to what you saw -- what you thought you would see 3 months ago?
Laura J. Alber: Thank you, TJ, great question. The promotional environment continues as we expected from the beginning of the year and including last year, we said that we are going to continue to be relevant in a time where customers are looking for value. But it is not just about value for us. We're focused on innovative products, we're focused on compelling display and presentation across all channels and incredible service. There's no change in my mind between what we saw 3 months ago and today, and we believe that it's very important to continue to be relevant so that you can take market share in this time where we believe there's opportunity to do that.
Operator: And we will go next to Matt Nemer with Wells Fargo Securities.
Matthew R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Williams-Sonoma had the lowest brand growth in the quarter, and just wondering what leaves you confident that, that brand can experience the seasonal ramp that it needs to from Q3 to Q4.
Laura J. Alber: Thank you for the question. Williams-Sonoma is one of those brands that I believe is absolutely top of mind when you think about getting ready for the holidays, both in terms of entertaining and gift-giving. Our product strategy is to continue to introduce a higher percentage of exclusive goods into our brand, which we have done for this fourth quarter. We're working closely with our vendors and our design team to drive this innovation. The other place we see opportunity at Williams-Sonoma is e-commerce, where we have a lot of initiatives to add content and to build the community around food. The Recipe section of our website is a great example of that. In our stores, we continue to focus on our rich store experience as I mentioned. We have more culinary events, we're increasing our cooking education and we are recruiting a higher level of talent into our store team to augment what I think is possibly the most high-service retail atmosphere in the malls. We're also focused this year on seamless shopping. We've talked a lot about how we've invested in e-commerce. But I want to make sure that I stress on this call today that, that investment in e-commerce is also driving our sales at retail.
Operator: And we will go next to Alan Rifkin with Barclays.
Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: A question for Sharon. Sharon, on the DTC side, you seem to have had a significant increase in the EBIT margins in this quarter, which were up 140 basis points despite the fact that revenue growth in the DTC channel at 9.9% was the slowest growth in quite some time. Have we really crossed that threshold now where we should, going forward, continue to see incrementally more leverage on the DTC side of the business? And then secondly, using PBK where you have 55% penetration on DTC, do you think that's a proxy of where the whole company can ultimately get to with respect to the breakdown between retail and DTC?
Sharon L. McCollam: Well, we talked about the -- in the DTC segment, we had an improvement of 140 basis points and that was driven by really 3 things. It was the productivity and advertising costs and the sales leverage of fixed occupancy expenses and then, of course, the ongoing benefit that we're seeing from supply chain. So now those improvements were partially offset by the more promotional environment and our incremental investment in e-commerce. So that lays the groundwork for how the quarter came out at the EBT margin. So as we look forward, we are going to continue, Alan, to invest in the growth of e-commerce and the growth of our total direct channel as well, including supply chain. So as we think about it, we believe that the brand has -- the segment has a lot of potential, but we're going to continue to invest. So at this point, what we're focused on is driving increased revenues, increased profits and we just don't, again, want to get nailed down on to a 1 metric related to that channel. So -- and then, Laura, you want to add to that?
Laura J. Alber: I would just say you asked a question about PBK as a proxy. Each brand has a unique opportunity and as I said earlier, we're really using our e-commerce to drive all channels. And I really see a future where that becomes even bigger part of what we do to further differentiate ourselves from others who have either a very large store base compared to their total DTC sales or conversely, only in online play. And so PBK as one of our newer brands in the cycle has more online. They also are driving that as a larger percent by new category growth that's offered online, not in our stores, because our stores are smaller square footage stores. And each one of our brands has a unique opportunity. We've said that we are going to take the total company's e-commerce revenues up and we could see depending on the customer channel preference that they go over 50 over time. But right now the focus is seamless shopping and making easy for our customers to shop wherever they want on multiple screens, multiple devices, anywhere, anytime.
Operator: And we will go to our next question from Colin McGranahan with Bernstein.
Colin McGranahan - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Just on selling margins, it looks like you came in kind of maybe down 80 or 90 basis points and I know the international franchise revenue impacts that. But certainly a fairly significant decline in selling margins and it looks like the gross margin outlook for the year is a little bit lower. Is that just all the change in the promotional environment and obviously you've inched your guidance down, so something turned out a little bit differently than maybe you'd expected there.
Laura J. Alber: We continue to want to help everyone understand the power of our operating model. With a large percent of our business in direct, we have an opportunity to drive increased profit, increased revenues versus our competition by reducing selling prices to get the customer to further engage with us. When we do that, we don't need to spend as much in advertising costs and it leverages our SG&A, which is what you've continued to see. And it's been a choice that we've made because we believe it is so important to be cognizant of what's going on with the consumer and to give them great value in a time where they're very careful of how they're spending their money.
Patrick J. Connolly: Colin, this is Pat, I just wanted to add. There are a lot of numbers underneath that direct business I think that we're very excited about. Visitor growth was up almost 19% in the quarter. Conversion continues to climb on our website and orders were up over 20% and revenue per visitor remained essentially flat. So supporting what Laura said, we have a number of levers that we can pull to drive sales in the company. And these investments that we're making especially... not only on the site but also in e-marketing, are driving increased traffic to our retail stores as well. It's not just the 200 basis point increase that direct had as part of the total.
Operator: And next we will hear from Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer.
Brian W. Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: So I wondered -- my question, I want to focus on sales and include the brand comps. You outperformed your guidance and showed a nice improvement from the last couple of quarters. But if we look below that, the dynamic between the direct-to-customer sales and the retail sales -- the retail store sales. It seems as though this quarter, we saw somewhat of an acceleration in retail store sales than moderation, a bit of a moderation in direct-to-consumer. So how should we think about that dynamic, particularly given the overall focus if Williams-Sonoma were to be pushing more and more online?
Laura J. Alber: I'd like you to think about the total growth and the total profit improvements. Our e-commerce initiatives are driving sales in e-commerce and they're driving sales in our stores. Our stores have an incredible suite of initiatives to give our customers better service than anyone else in our space. We just launched an online clienteling program this quarter that is successful and continues to build on the initiative that we talked about last year to give our customers more personalized service to help them decorate and entertain at home. And so as you think about the future of retail and particularly the business that we're in, you're going to see us continue to make investments in places that improve the customer experience. And while we know that the customers' channel of choice continues to be online and growing faster than anything else, we also believe in retail as a key component of our strategy because it's that rich experience that makes you remember brands and really puts them in your mind in a differentiated place than other people who don't have retail stores.
Operator: And moving on, we have a question from Joe Feldman with Telsey Advisory Group.
Joseph Feldman - Telsey Advisory Group: I wanted to ask you about West Elm a little bit. I was wondering if -- as you think about the real estate, has your strategy changed at all in terms of where you want to put the stores and I guess the reason I ask is, the assortment is a lot broader at this point. It's a lot more, it has tabletop, it has gift and it has other things in the store. It's a lot less urban in some respects? And I know the look and feel might still be somewhat urban, but I'm wondering if that trends play out in a mall situation or if you still want to just be Main Street type shops?
Laura J. Alber: Thank you for the question, Joe. Absolutely it widens the opportunity for West Elm, where you're seeing stores across the country perform very well. And what remains the same I guess is our pickiness about incredible locations. So we are aggressively looking for those perfect locations, the Seattle store, our Los Angeles store are both prime examples of very good real estate where we believe our customer is and architecture within those boxes that really is a great backdrop to the product that we have. So we see more stores in our future than we would have said several years ago, absolutely.
Operator: And we will go next to Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I'd like to ask you to put your domestic selling margin in a longer-term context just to refresh us on where it stands today versus the ranges that you have seen. And in addition to the promotional cadence, if you could also address the impact of concept mix on that selling margin given that clearly the business is moving a bit towards or at least for the moment, moving a bit moving towards Pottery Barn and its offshoots and a bit away from Williams-Sonoma.
Sharon L. McCollam: Matt, this is Sharon. When you -- the selling margin, when you look back over history, we are still better than many of the years and let's just take the last 10 years. However, it's not recovering as quickly as we might have expected from the recession. So the 2008, 2009 timeframe, we don't look anything like that. We look very much like our pre-experience but we're still slightly short of that. You guys have the occupancy numbers. You know that we still have getting back to our closed-peak margin if we want to call it that. We've still got 120, 130 basis points to get back to our occupancy leverage from those days. So you can see with the selling margin we've had improvement in that area. So we have a ways to go and it's an opportunity. But in this environment, we believe again that we want to get also this one particular metric and really focus on what it's doing for us. We're delivering record profitability in both -- in the DTC channel, total company, record profitability. It's driving new customers to our brands. Pat just gave you a list of numbers and that's what it's doing for us. So I think it is short-term focused to think that a immediate acceleration of the selling margin is the path to long-term growth for a retailer today in the U.S. in this economy.
Operator: And next we will go to Janet Kloppenburg with JJK Research.
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: I'd love to shift gears for a little bit. West Elm is continuing to outperform and I know that you've done 1 pop-up store or 2, Laura. And I think that's been very successful and I'm wondering if could update us on the prototype changes that you might be making to West Elm and how that might influence your ability to open more stores as we look to the future.
Laura J. Alber: Sure. I love to talk about West Elm. We're trying a lot of new things and we believe that we're going to continue to improve the brand through this innovative mindset. The pop-up stores are performing very well both because they're driving profit but also because they're helping us test new markets and grow our brand awareness in those markets where we haven't been able to secure a long-term lease. The prototype in Seattle that we just opened has some minor modifications that I think would be -- when you go in, you just notice that it looks better and you'd wonder why. Areas of the store are more differentiated, some real artistic moments that stop you and make you just -- they just inspire you, as well as I've said category dominance in areas like bedding, lighting. We have design lab, part of our store that we continue to improve so that we can service our customers in the store, help them choose things to decorate their home in their own personal style with tools at their fingertips, in-store and fabric swatches together. And if you go to the store, you can see that. So it's just better, is what I would say on both design of the store itself, the fixtures in the store and some moments that are just spectacular. I wish I could send you a picture.
Operator: And moving on, we have a question from Greg Melich with ISI.
Greg Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to follow on a little bit on the sales trends. Back in the second quarter, you guys mentioned in the press release about the increased ceiling[ph], a certain macro outlook and you didn't put that in this release. Just curious have you seen something that is sort of changing your business that left it out and then who are the real incremental buyers of your products? Are you seeing your core customers buy more or are you continuing to build the customer base at the same rate?
Laura J. Alber: I mean, I wouldn't overthink the lack of the macro comment in the press release. The macro is continuing to be uncertain and that is what I said in my remarks that we're prepared that the holiday season will be one where the customer is very picky about what they want to spend their money on. And that is the strategy that we're executing against. It is still choppy, it is still uncertain. We do continue to deliver record earnings in this environment through our strategies. I'm going to let Pat talk about incremental sales buyers, top of the file, bottom of the file.
Patrick J. Connolly: Sure. Greg, I think we're seeing -- we look at the entire customer file when we mail or when we do our e-marketing activity and we're seeing consistent performance from top to bottom. The other thing is I'd point out in reference to your question about new customers, we're seeing very, very strong new customer growth. A couple of our brands had almost 50% new customer growth in Q3, not going to tell you which ones but we're very excited about that. But every brand had very good new customer growth in that quarter.
Operator: And next we will hear from David Magee with Suntrust Robinson Humphrey.
David G. Magee - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: The question I have has to do with the promotional environment at the Williams-Sonoma brand, and I know that the exclusives that you all do is an important way you sort of fight that. My question has to do with -- can you give us some color about how relevant those -- the exclusives are, the distinction of the features that make it perhaps more desirable and less susceptible to price discounting?
Laura J. Alber: Sure. Our focus is on a differentiated product assortment that is well priced. Our customer wants the best of everything. We continue to prove that over and over as we try to introduce different types of products. They want the highest-quality version of the knife that is sold and we need to make sure that we are not overpriced in those categories. At the same time, we -- the power of our brands allows us to introduce products that, under the Williams-Sonoma brand, that no one else does. And our food assortment is a good example of that where we continue to innovate and bring new things into our stores that are relevant to how the customer lives. So our studio is very -- Doll Collection is a good example of that. We also are focused on how we can use our services to further differentiate the Williams-Sonoma brand from others. So for example I'm very excited about our ability now to personalize knives. We can put your name on a knife. What a great Christmas gift to give someone with her name monogrammed on a beautiful chef's knife. And that is something our competitors are not doing. So it's both in the product themselves, the service -- the services, the personalization service that we offer but also in the trust that our customers have for the brand that they know that we are going to stand behind their purchase and it's going to be high-quality and that we're going to be there for them if anything goes wrong. And that is a very important part of our value equation, I don't know that we've talked about enough.
Operator: And next we will go to Anthony Chukumba with BB&T Capital Markets.
Anthony C. Chukumba - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: I want to switch gears a little bit, talk about the recent acquisition of Rejuvenation. I know it's quite early, but I was just wondering what your initial thoughts were on the brand in terms of potentially opening more stores or increasing your catalog circulation or trying to improve the e-commerce experience. I was also wondering what your thoughts were in terms of running it just completely standalone as opposed to maybe integrating some of the products into some of your other brands, particularly your Pottery Barn brands.
Laura J. Alber: Thank you for the question. Rejuvenation represents all that we've talked about as we've hinted around about what we're looking for in terms of an acquisition. We said we wanted a great quality brand with a wonderful founder, a culture that is consistent with ours and a clear opportunity for expansion. They have a product line that is I think is going to be increasingly relevant as people want to custom configure so much of their lives and the authenticity of what they do and the quality. Everything you know is made in Portland, U.S. manufacturing. That allows them to have a lot of differentiation in finish and scale. The team is extremely talented there. They've been standing on their own feet. They just -- they didn't have the resources to grow like we can help them grow. We also know that we can use our platform, our hubs [ph] file, our logistics, our contracts to not just drive revenue but increase profit. Our integration is going very well with them and we are cognizant of not trying to go too fast because they are a small company and we want to make sure that we do everything without swamping them, without swamping their small boat. But there is so much opportunity there, and we're really enjoying working with that team.
Operator: And we will go next to Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Scot Ciccarelli. I guess the question is you've mentioned the increasingly promotional environment and people have kind of asked questions about this. But I guess with all the companies in your industry that have basically gone away over the last few years, I'm curious specifically where -- who the competitive pressures are coming from.
Laura J. Alber: Just on this promotional thing, I think it's important to recognize that our business is very -- it's a very high percent of right price. So while there's been I think an overemphasis on promotional activities, the reality is I think if you compare to our right price selling to anyone, it's significantly higher than what you probably expect in our competition and while I can't give you that number, I will tell you that it's a very high number. So I think we need to put the comment, the discussion about promotions in context with that fact. The competition, we are -- we recognize that anyone with a cash register is competition both in the home business but also as you go to the holiday season, apparel is competition and if you shop in any mall today and you walk the malls, you'll see people with family and friends, full window of posters advertising family and friends to everyone that walks through the door. We do not do that. You see a lot of the apparel retailer with huge percentages of their products on sale. And so the customer has -- it is strange to think about promotions and expect to have the best value. And so it's not that there's more people that have entered our space, it's that the entire retail market is promotional and the customer, it's very important for them to have value as well as quality, design and service. So we have increased what we've done. We've also reduced the markdowns that are -- deep markdowns. So the very deep 75% off, those markdowns we are seeing less of those which is a good piece of our margin story and those are the most expensive obviously. The way we're using the promotions is also to help people try new categories. So you may not really need new towels but because we're offering a discount on them, you may buy a few of our towels and then you will realize that they're better than anyone else's towels in the market. And so the promotions are also driving increased regular price purchases in the future.
Operator: And we will go next to Chris Horvers with JPMorgan.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Following up on kind of the how you think about the financial model around the business. So is it fair to say your point is that, yes, we're investing in promotions to drive sales but we're taking advertising dollars down? So you focus on the EBIT margin expansion. So my questions are, is that it and did merchandise margin pressure get fully offset by advertising cost leverage and cost reduction? And then as you think about going forward now that you anniversaried Williams-Sonoma Reserve and considering the way you brand 4Q, how does that relationship look in 4Q and then longer-term, how far can advertising go down to invest in price?
Laura J. Alber: Thanks, Chris. We're focused on driving revenue obviously and profitable growth. And there are many ways to do that. The current way we're doing that is exactly what you said, which is we are -- our sales, our leveraging, add costs. We believe it's important to give value to the customer, we are growing both our sales and our bottom line in the percent. So whether that will remain the same model for the future is yet to be seen and highly competitive there. You could see a day where the reverse would be true, the reality. So this is where we are now, and we will continue to deliver better margins, better profits than we have in the past because we have a sophisticated model that allows us to move investments, move different parts of the business to drive more profit. As the result relates to reserves in the 4Q, if you just think about reserves, if you're a reserve customer, you can now send gifts to everyone across the country and not pay shipping. So it becomes an increasingly important part of the holiday equation. And our VISA cardholders get a full free year of reserves which is also a really important part of that loyalty program.
Operator: And we will go next to Brad Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Bradley B. Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask about the expense side of the business. I know that 2011 has been a year where you made a number of investments to position yourself for international growth. I was hoping you could just talk about where those expenses are coming in relative to plan and then as we think about 2012, are there incremental investments that you need to make or do you start to lever some of these investments that you've made?
Laura J. Alber: Yes. First of all, I'll say this. I hate waste and so at the same time that we're making the investments, we are also looking to do things more efficiently. So you see us have SG&A down with these investments. So you're probably thinking, how are you doing that? Well, we're continually saying to ourselves, how do we do things better. Everywhere across the company, we looked under every rock in 2008. We continue to do the same thing today. So as much as you see the investment, you also see the reductions in some categories or some areas of the company. International, we're just getting started with our development of that team. So you're going to see increased investment in our international expansion efforts and we're going to be talking more about that when we give guidance for next year. E-commerce, we have done a good job of hiring the people that we said we're going to hire. And we continue to look for a few key jobs in that area. IT talent is a very important part of our company and we actually are so focused on being a magnet to attract the best e-commerce talent that we have made investments in things not just the talent but also we have a new building that we have our IT team in that is state-of-the-art workspace for this group that allows them to have more spaces to get together. They have small huddle rooms, they have just a great place for them to work, which is we didn't have that before. We had cramped space for some of these teams and that's a very important part of when we say investments. What does investment look like? It's new people, it's also the best people. So you're going to see us continue to make those investments into the future and as I said, we'll give you more outlook to that when we talk about next year after we finish this quarter.
Operator: And next we have Peter Benedict with Robert W. Baird.
Peter S. Benedict - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I guess this one's for Sharon. I'm focused on the fixed portion of the gross margin of the cost of goods. You mentioned earlier that the occupancy was down about 1% year-over-year in the third quarter. I think the DNA component of that was down around 5% year-over-year. How should we be thinking about those trends in the fourth quarter and then as we move into next year?
Sharon L. McCollam: As we -- if you think about fourth quarter, clearly, we expect to lever occupancy expense again and in the third quarter, you've got [indiscernible] Should expect the ongoing exact story and you can see it in the guidance. You've got the margin, the selling margin impact, which we expect to continue into Q4. You've got that offset by the lever of occupancy expense and you're also going to see levers on the SG&A side because of the advertising, the way Laura described the business model. And I think it's going to play out and the guidance proposes that it plays out very similar to Q3.
Operator: And that does conclude the question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like turn the conference back to Laura Alber for final comments.
Laura J. Alber: Well, thank you all for joining us today. Have a wonderful holiday season, and we look forward to talking to you after it. Thank you.
Operator: And, again, that does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Nelson - Director of Investor Relations Laura Alber - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Incentive Award Committee Pat Connolly - Chief Marketing Officer, Executive Vice President and Director Sharon McCollam - Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President, Director and Member of Incentive Award Committee
Analysts: David Magee - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Sam Reid - Barclays Capital Matthew Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Joseph Feldman - Telsey Advisory Group Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank Kate McShane - Citigroup Inc Peter Benedict - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Matthew McGinley - ISI Group Inc. Budd Bugatch - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Bradley Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co Colin McGranahan - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Tom Nikic Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Steve Nelson, Vice President of Investor Relations, to discuss non-GAAP measures and forward-looking statements.
Stephen Nelson: Good morning. This morning's conference call should be considered in conjunction with the press release that we issued earlier today. Our press release and this call contain non-GAAP financial measures that exclude the impact of unusual business events. These non-GAAP financial measures are provided to facilitate meaningful year-over-year comparisons. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, and an explanation of why these non-GAAP financial measures are useful, are discussed in Exhibit 1 of the press release. The forward-looking statements included in this morning's call constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, guidance, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2011 and beyond and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company's current press releases and SEC filings for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call. I will now turn the conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer, to discuss our second quarter 2011 results and our fiscal year 2011 outlook.
Laura Alber: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Pat Connolly, our Chief Marketing Officer; and Sharon McCollam, our Chief Operating and Chief Financial Officer.  The second quarter was another strong quarter for the company as we continue to leverage our multichannel marketing and operational strengths to gain profitable market share. During the quarter, net revenues increased 5%, and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share increased 19% to a second quarter record of $0.37 per share. Comparable brand revenues increased 6.5% as innovative merchandising, targeted marketing and a quality customer experience continue to attract customers to our brands. Non-GAAP operating margin climbed 80 basis points to 8% as strategically planned promotions drove higher productivity and advertising costs, and we saw increased benefits from our ongoing cost containment initiatives. Throughout the quarter, we continued to invest in our key growth initiatives, including increasing our penetration in e-commerce, expanding the reach of the West Elm brand and extending our international presence. In e-commerce, net revenues increased 18% to 39% of total company revenues. Several key initiatives drove these strong results, including the ongoing optimization of natural search, increased paid search and improved relevance of event-triggered marketing.  In West Elm, comparable brand revenues increased 29% on top of 19% last year. And in international DTC, we completed the launch of our new international shipping websites across all brands, which now allows us to ship from the United States to customers in over 75 countries around the world.  We also launched a new corporate-wide customer service initiative. The goal of this initiative is to provide our customers with a seamless service experience that is personalized to their needs. To do so, we are removing the obstacles to yes [ph], and, through this initiative, see great opportunity to further delight our customers. The organizational response to this program has been very powerful, and every one of our leaders is committed to taking it to the next level as we strive to consistently exceed our customers' expectations.  In our core brands, comparable brand revenues increased 3.5% on top of 16% last year. In our emerging brands, including West Elm and PBteen, comparable brand revenues increased 25% on top of 20% last year. In international, we continue to aggressively explore profitable opportunities for retail expansion in other regions of the world as our 8 franchise stores in Dubai, Kuwait and Saudi Arabia continue to introduce new customers to our brands. In the back half of the year, we expect to add 5 additional franchise locations in Saudi Arabia, including 2 Pottery Barn and 3 Pottery Barn Kids stores.  In our supply chain, we continue to see ongoing customer service and cost reduction benefits from our distribution, transportation and packaging initiatives. These initiatives include optimizing our inbound and outbound packaging costs, further in-sourcing our home furniture delivery operations and expanding our company-managed Asian sourcing operations. We also significantly expanded our North Carolina upholstered furniture operations as the demand for our exclusive assortments continue to grow. This new facility, opened in July, is state-of-the-art. And while we are still filling back orders from the initial move, we are already producing record volumes.  As we look forward to Q3, while we are cognizant of the overall macro environment, the early consumer response to our fall merchandising and marketing strategy is strong, leaving us well positioned to continue to gain market share and deliver another highly profitable quarter. As such, we are reiterating our third quarter non-GAAP EPS guidance of $0.36 to $0.39 per share and increasing our full year guidance for the $0.01 outperformance we delivered in Q2. This brings our fiscal year 2011 revenue growth to a range of 5% to 6% and our non-GAAP diluted EPS to a range of $2.17 to $2.22 versus $1.95 last year. I will now turn the call over to Sharon for more details on the second quarter and our guidance.
Sharon McCollam: Thank you, Laura. Good morning, everyone. As Laura said earlier, in Q2, net revenues increased 5% to $815 million, which was significantly better than the overall growth of the home furnishings industry of approximately 1%. Comparable brand revenues increased 6.5%, driven by comparable store sales growth of 1.4% and direct-to-customer revenue growth of 13%, including 18% growth in e-commerce. From an earnings perspective, diluted earnings per share increased 19% on a non-GAAP basis to a second quarter record of $0.37 per share, which was $0.01 above the high end of guidance. Higher productivity of advertising costs, combined with greater-than-expected benefits from our ongoing cost containment initiatives, drove these better-than-expected results.  Non-GAAP gross margin increased 90 basis points to 37.9%. This increase was primarily driven by the leverage of fixed occupancy expenses due to increasing net revenue, a decrease in occupancy expense dollars and higher year-over-year selling margin. For the quarter, non-GAAP occupancy expense dollars increased $2 million to $123 million -- decreased $2 million. These improvements were partially offset by the gross margin impact of our international franchise operations.  And non-GAAP SG&A expenses increased 20 basis points to 30%. This increase was primarily driven by higher employment and general expenses, partially offset by lower advertising costs and leverage from our international franchise operations. The employment increase was reflective of our planned incremental investment in our e-commerce, international and business development growth strategies. The general expense increase was primarily due to a 30-basis-point benefit from a gain on sale of assets last year, which did not recur this year.  From a segment reporting perspective, the Q2 total company non-GAAP EBT margin expanded 80 basis points to a record 8%, driven by a 160-basis-point improvement in the direct-to-customer segment and a 10-basis-point improvement in the retail segment. These improvements were partially offset, though, by a 50-basis-point expense increase in the non-allocated segment, which was driven by the 30-basis-point nonrecurring gain on sale of assets from last year and the planned incremental SG&A to support our long-term growth strategy. In the direct-to-customer segment, increased productivity of our advertising spend, sales leverage of fixed occupancy expenses and ongoing benefits from supply chain, partially offset by increased promotional activity and planned incremental expenses in e-commerce, drove the 160-basis-point improvement in the direct-to-customer EBT margin. In the retail segment, improved year-over-year selling margins and reduced fixed occupancy costs from closed stores, partially offset by higher employment costs, drove the 10-basis-point improvement in the retail EBT margin.  From a balance sheet perspective, cash and cash equivalents increased $21 million to $425 million after returning nearly $210 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends over the past 12 months. Merchandise inventories increased $38 million or 7% to $557 million. Back orders, however, at the end of the quarter were higher than last year due to strong sales in several runaway categories that we are working aggressively to replenish. Accounts receivable increased $14 million to $51 million due to the timing of landlord construction and other miscellaneous receivables. And accounts payable increased $13 million or 7% to $197 million primarily driven by the timing of merchandising receipts.  I would now like to briefly discuss our third quarter and fiscal year 2011 guidance. As Laura said, the early consumer response to our fall merchandising and marketing strategies has been strong across brands. As such, we are increasing our full year guidance for the outperformance we saw in Q2 and are reiterating our guidance for the back half of the year, including the incremental investment we have previously discussed to support our long-term growth strategies.  In the third quarter, net revenues are expected to be in the range of $845 million to $865 million, and non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be in the range of $0.36 to $0.39 versus $0.35 last year. This assumes revenue growth of 4% to 6%, comparable brand revenue growth of 5% to 7% and non-GAAP diluted EPS growth of 3% to 11%.  For the full year, net revenues are expected to be in the range of $3.67 billion to $3.72 billion, and non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be in the range of $2.17 to $2.22 versus $1.95 last year. This assumes revenue growth of 5% to 6%, comparable brand revenue growth of 6.5% to 7.5% and non-GAAP diluted EPS growth of 11% to 14%.  In both the third and fourth quarters, the non-GAAP diluted EPS growth, even at the low end, represents record operating profitability for the company as we lever our multichannel business model and grow DTC as a percentage of our mix. At the same time, it also includes investing in the next phase of growth for e-commerce, exploring new geographies for global expansion and finding white space in the marketplace that a new brand or small acquisition could fill.  From a balance sheet perspective, inventory guidance remains flat with previous guidance at $540 million to $560 million, and capital spending is expected to be at the high end of our previous range at approximately $150 million.  From a uses of cash perspective, our business model continues to generate significant cash flow, and we have virtually no debt. So we are well positioned to invest in growth while at the same time return excess capital to shareholders. As such, in the back half, we will continue to do both as we strive to further enhance long-term shareholder value. I will now turn the call over to Laura to discuss the performance of our Williams-Sonoma, Pottery Barn and West Elm brands.
Laura Alber: Thank you, Sharon. I would like to begin by discussing the performance of the Williams-Sonoma brand. Comparable brand revenue for the Williams-Sonoma brand grew 0.7% as planned traffic-generating promotions drove higher selling margins. From a merchandising perspective during the quarter, we continue to see growth in our high-end assortment, particularly in electrics and cookware. These increases were partially offset, however, by outdoor and dinnerware.  As we look forward to the third quarter and the balance of the year, we'll continue to focus on those key initiatives that are driving our business today and several new initiatives that we will be rolling out in the back half. We'll be introducing new, compelling marketing themes and a larger percentage of new and exclusive products. We're also keenly focused on peak execution and improving our gift strategies. We will continue to drive increased loyalty through the introduction of a new co-branded Williams-Sonoma VISA card. Our Williams-Sonoma Reserve shipping program has demonstrated the power of a successful loyalty program, and we believe this additional offering will not only introduce new customers to our brand but also increase the level of purchases from our existing customers.  Additionally, we will continue to enrich the customer experience in-store and online. Our stores will offer compelling content around food and more in-store events, including exciting new culinary classes, demos and cookbook signings. Online, we will continue to expand our reach and deepen our engagement with current customers through functionality enhancements and additional content on our website, such as our ever-growing Recipes section. We are also pushing our content to other websites on the Internet where people gather around food. We believe that all of these initiatives will continue to enhance the shopping experience for our customers and advance the brand's authority as the premier destination for high-quality cooking accessories, gift-giving ideas and home entertaining essentials.  I would now like to talk about Pottery Barn. In the Pottery Barn brand, comparable brand revenues increased 4% on top of 19% last year. Net revenues, including store closures, increased 2%. From a merchandising perspective, home furnishings, tabletops and decorative accessories were top-performing categories, driven by an innovative merchandise assortment, a strong value proposition and a strategic promotional calendar. From an operational perspective during the quarter, operating margin reached record levels as DTC approached nearly 50% of brand revenues. And we further optimized retail occupancy and catalog advertising costs.  As we look forward to the third quarter and the balance of the year, we are encouraged by the positive consumer response we are currently seeing to our fall merchandise assortment. We're also confident in the strategies we have planned for the back half of the year, including delivering a cohesive, value-sensitive merchandising strategy around exclusive, innovative and artisanal products; expanding product categories to fill white space in the marketplace; creating new experiences for our customers to make decorating easy, fast, fun and affordable through engaging in-store events, clienteling and complementary design services; and making our website the broadest expression of the brand by blending commerce and content to deliver a rich and inspirational shopping experience. We're also expanding our international reach through the opening of 2 additional franchise stores in Saudi Arabia. All these initiatives are driving new customers to our brand, both domestically and internationally, and represent a significant opportunity to gain market share.  Now I'd like to talk about Pottery Barn Kids. Pottery Barn Kids comparable brand revenues increased a better-than-expected 8% on top of 25% last year with particularly strong growth in e-commerce. Net revenues also increased 8%. From a merchandising perspective, all key categories, including textiles, decorative accessories and furniture delivered strong growth. This growth was fueled by a better-than-expected consumer response to our expanded baby offering and a brand-wide focus on product excellence, digital display and the customer experience, including our clienteling and complementary design services in-store and online.  From an operational perspective, planned traffic-driving events and tight inventories drove higher-selling margins and improved profitability across both channels. As we look forward to the third quarter and the balance of the year, we are continuing to focus on those initiatives that are driving customer acquisition, customer engagement and strong multichannel growth. These initiatives include: building and marketing our expanding gifts assortment to develop a top-of-mind recognition as a gift-giving destination; leveraging our multichannel and operational strengths to deliver an effortless and engaging customer experience across all channels; driving e-commerce growth through engaging content, improved search, increased conversion and enhanced social platform; and expanding our international reach through the opening of 3 additional franchise stores in Saudi Arabia.  I would now like to talk about the PBteen brand. Comparable brand revenues and net revenues in PBteen increased a better-than-expected 20% on top of 22% last year as the brand delivered its highest-ever Q2 operating margin. From a merchandising perspective, we saw growth across all key categories, including furniture, textiles and decorative accessories. Planned promotions, expanded assortments and successful e-marketing initiatives drove these strong results.  As we look forward to the third quarter and the balance of the year, we're continuing to focus on those initiatives that will drive enhanced brand awareness and a greater level of consumer engagement, including: broadening the assortment and further positioning the brand as a design resource for market-leading innovation, quality and originality; growing our consumer base through new customer acquisition and expanded presence in social networks; and increasing traffic and conversion in e-commerce through highly targeted marketing and a compelling robust and inspiring customer experience. All these initiatives will allow us to further engage teens in new ways and continue to drive strong, profitable growth.  Lastly, I would like to talk about West Elm. West Elm delivered another record quarter as net revenues and operating profitability reached new highs. During the second quarter, comparable brand revenues increased 29% and net revenues increased 26%. From a merchandising perspective, we continue to make progress on our strategy to drive a higher frequency of purchases through the rebalancing of our product mix as evidenced by our strong growth in textiles, decorative accessories and tabletop during the quarter. New product introductions, a significantly enhanced value proposition and new, highly impactful, multichannel marketing strategies drove these better-than-expected results. We were particularly pleased with the strength of e-commerce, which drove more than half of the brand's dollar growth during the quarter as natural search, increased e-marketing and improvements in the on-site experience drove record traffic and conversion. Retail traffic also reached new levels as we continue to roll out new in-store events and increase our collaborations with emerging artists.  As we look forward to the third quarter and the balance of the year, we're encouraged by the momentum we are seeing in our business today and are focused on those new initiatives that we believe can take this business to the next level. These initiatives include: expanding the breadth of our product assortment; enhancing our gift-giving business at a compelling value; creating a seamless and inspirational multichannel experience; and introducing a new store design with the opening of 2 new stores this fall, 1 in LA and 1 in Seattle. We'll also take advantage of opportunities that arise to expand our retail footprint, including additional pop-up stores, as premier locations become available. I would now like to open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Budd Bugatch of Raymond James.
Budd Bugatch - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Just quickly, I think that the gross margin guidance for the year is down 20 basis points from the previous guidance, and I think the SG&A guidance is down 40 basis points. Can you kind of walk through the puts and takes for the year on SG&A guidance and the gross margin guidance and the changes in that 20 to 40 basis points?
Laura Alber: Sure, Budd, this is Laura. I'm going to let Sharon answer it more specifically. But I want to reiterate what I said earlier, which is that we are so fortunate with our operating model to have different levers, particularly in this environment where promotions are very competitive. And as you saw us in Q2, we were able to optimize that cost and reduce advertising expense to allow us to stay very competitive in this environment, and we have that same opportunity in Q3. We believe this is very strategic as it will help us gain profitable market share as others don't have the same percentage of sales in their DTC business. Sharon, do you want to add to that?
Sharon McCollam: No, it's a direct offset by what we moved out of gross margin. We have a direct offset in SG&A.
Operator: And our next question will come from Joe Feldman of Telsey Advisory Group.
Joseph Feldman - Telsey Advisory Group: You made a comment about with inventory actually having some back orders. And I was curious if you could dig a little deeper into that, where you are seeing inventories light. Because overall, inventory was up a little faster than sales and always in line with guidance. But kind of can you talk about where it's heavy, where it's light and where the back orders are coming from?
Sharon McCollam: Sure. Last year, if you look back at Q2, we had 15% sales growth and only about a 1% inventory growth. And we said at that time that we were chasing inventory last year, and we actually have been chasing it ever since because of the outperformance that we saw last year. And our -- some of our product categories have very long lead times as we make artisanal products. The areas that we do have higher than we'd like back orders in is upholstered furniture as we see increased demand in that area. And we're doing very well with our new production line at Sutter Street, but we made the transition this quarter and it took some time to do that, of course. And so we have some items that we have a little bit longer lead times on than we would like, and the whole team is working very hard to get those items back in stock. We also have replenishment in other categories in all -- in each and every one of the brands where we had faster sales than the inventory that was bought. And so we're working to both replenish core inventories in some categories but also just bestsellers.
Operator: Our next question will come from Colin McGranahan of Bernstein.
Colin McGranahan - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Kind of a longer-term strategic question, if I could. Sharon, you mentioned, as you think about growth opportunities in the future, that there can be some opportunities with what you call white space, new brand or small acquisition. Maybe you could talk a little bit more about that because I think about your business and where there is white space, you cover a lot of categories. And historically, you've tried others like gardening and storage. And you cover a pretty wide range of age spectrum from infants through kids through core families all the way to what Williams-Sonoma Home does. So where are you thinking about white space? And as a follow-up to that, with the stock where it is today and nearly $500 million of cash in the balance sheet, why wouldn't that cash be better put to use buying back your own stock rather than pursuing acquisitions?
Laura Alber: It's Laura. We have successfully grown our business within our company by identifying the needs that our customers have that aren't being served by other retailers. And we see the same opportunity as we go forward. Specifically, the white space we see is competitive, obviously. So I'm not ready today to talk about specifics on what we're going to try. But we continue to find areas in each one of our brands, and we also are identifying areas outside of our brands where we think the customer is still really struggling to find what they're looking for in the home space. So more to come on that subject. We're also investing in our e-commerce future. We know that we're -- because of our long experience in e-commerce, we're further ahead than a lot of people, and we need to keep that gap as wide as we can. So we continue to invest in both talent but also in functionality in e-commerce. So we'll be continuing to make those investments, along with in-store, store of the future investments, to make sure that our retail stores stay vibrant and up to date with the newest technology. As far as buyback, I'm going to let Sharon address that.
Sharon McCollam: Colin, we'll continue to address uses of cash. We have been returning cash to shareholders. You know that through our dividend share repurchase each quarter. We want to first prioritize growth opportunities, and we really believe there are some significant growth opportunities out there. So we'll continue to prioritize it, look at it and continue to assess what we believe is a reasonable amount of cash to hold on the balance sheet and what is reasonable to return to shareholders. But rest assured we're looking at it constantly.
Operator: And our next question will come from Matt Nemer of Wells Fargo Securities.
Matthew Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: I've got 1 question with 2 completely unrelated parts. The first is, could you talk about your decision to lower circ in the third quarter? And does that pose any risk to DTC growth? And then secondly, just to follow up on Colin's question, you've talked about not wanting to use your credit facility for your seasonal borrowing needs if you don't need to. But I'm wondering if you might reconsider that this year given that you can borrow at L plus 1 and buy the stock back at 5x EBITDA.
Pat Connolly: I'll take the question -- This is Pat. I'll take the question on circulation. Our circulation is down a little bit in Q3. A couple of hundred basis points of that is due to our mailing shift. We moved one of our catalog mailings from the first week in August to last week in July, and that was worth about 200 basis points. We also saw an opportunity based on results from last year to trim some marginal circulation in one of our brands. And as you can see, we're continuing to find new opportunities in e-marketing across a wide variety of programs where we're investing.
Sharon McCollam: And Matt, the question on the -- your question about share repurchase, the answer is the same that I gave to Colin.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matthew Fassler of Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Given that your DTC business came in ahead of plan and your retail sales came in a tad below plan, presumably you're seeing ongoing channel shift and sales transfer to your direct channel. Can you talk about how that is differing? To -- rather, to what degree do you think you are retaining the customers who are moving off of retail? And also, how that might be differing by brand as this evolution continues?
Laura Alber: It's Laura. We know that our customers, when they make a purchase decision, particularly some of the very concerned purchase decisions you make when you decorate a home or a room of your home, we know that they go to all of the channels and they look at the products online. They go sit on the sofas in our stores. And where they actually make that final purchase decision is less important to us. What is important to us is the seamless experience that they have across all of our brands. We are using our marketing history and information to send very targeted e-mails and targeted marketing mailings to our customers based on purchases during their preferences. And we are also really enriching our store experience with in-store events, clienteling. It's interesting, even our in-store clienteling initiatives is driving online sales because, unlike other retailers, we book those sales actually to direct even if someone in the store is helping them because they're actually transacting online. In many cases, a lot of the products are not even offered in our stores. They're only offered online. So online is the biggest channel. The beginning of this year, we started really talking about comparable brand revenues being -- instead of being hyperfocused on comp store sales, because we believe that you could make the wrong decision for the customer if you overly focus on comp store sales. Our strategy is to have incredible stores in the best malls with highly engaged associates serving our customers with quality products and inspiring display, and very targeted online marketing to communicate to them when new things come. In both channels, we have our decorating resource -- decorating resources on our home furnishings brand, particularly in Pottery Barn and Kids where you can go online and actually have a very robust experience in choosing items for your home and deciding how to decorate it. You'll see this same sort of content being built for Williams-Sonoma where it's not just that we're selling the pan but also giving recipes to the customer that inspire them to buy the pan. And you're going to see us do even more of that kind of marketing as we go forward. So there isn't -- each brand does have its nuance, but the overall strategy is the same, which is to provide the customer with a seamless shopping experience and to really help them make their purchase decision anywhere, anytime they want to shop.
Operator: And we'll hear next from Brian Nagel of Oppenheimer.
Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: I want to focus my question on sales. A commentary you made in your prepared remarks was quite positive about what you're seeing as we shift into the fall season. So -- but if you look at it, the sales did slightly fall below plan if you look at it on a brand sales basis for Q2. So maybe if can help us understand what the trend in business was for the quarter. And then the second question on that, given all the financial market turbulence lately, if you will, I mean, any type of impact in your business more recently?
Laura Alber: Trend through the quarter, the quarter actually got -- Q2, if you look at it sequentially, there was some choppiness, but it got stronger in July, which may be surprising. And that's about as much as, I think, we should talk about in terms of sequential trend. As we look at August, as I said, it's early. But we're confident about what we're seeing right now from our customer. And we have been building our strategies for the back half of the year with the economic uncertainty in mind. So we have very relevant marketing themes that are going to be relevant to how people are feeling. We have exciting new product offers, and our operating model allows us flexibility in a more promotional environment.
Operator: Our next question will come from Janet Kloppenburg of JJK Research.
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: I wondered if, Laura, you could talk a little bit more about the comp trend, the in-store trend. I think that maybe your investment in the direct side of the business has maybe boosted that channel's reach a little bit more than expected. And I'm wondering if you think the trade-off is ahead of plan, that is, from stores to that channel, and how we should be thinking about store growth, particularly in the Williams-Sonoma brand, going forward. And also, Sharon, if you could talk a little bit about the outdoor and dinnerware categories that you said, I don't know, there may have been some problems with that in the second quarter. And lastly, if you thought the back order waits at all affected your top line trends in the second quarter.
Laura Alber: Back orders definitely affected some of our trends. And clearly, if a customer has to wait, you also can see demand fall off. So that is why we're working hard to remedy the  in some categories but also keep the inventory tight in total. In terms of the comp, I was talking about that earlier in that our customers shop multichannel. And we have made tremendous investment in our e-commerce channel. We've also made investments in retail. And we believe very strongly in the combination of the 2 to help our customers make their purchase decisions. We have chosen not to favor our comp store sales even though they have been historically what people look at, because we're focused on driving highly profitable sales and letting the customer make that decision. There's not a surprise to us that the highly targeted marketing is working and that given that we have our largest store online, we're seeing more rapid growth there. In terms of our real estate portfolio in the United States, we have been very focused on market by market where we should have our stores, where we should remodel stores and keeping our fleet fresh and highly profitable. And so you see us in markets remodel entire stores and, in some cases, close a store where we have too many stores in the market. And this is going to be a continuing strategy as we go forward and one that we believe will really strengthen our brands and continue to deliver more profit to our shareholders. You mentioned the Williams-Sonoma outdoor and dinnerware categories as being slightly softer. And we did see with the seasonal shift that outdoor was -- it started earlier, but then we did not -- the sales, actually we brought outdoor in a little bit earlier than we had last year, and we saw some nice response early in, but then we didn't see the ramp that we would have liked in our outdoor cookware category. And it was highly promotional. And frankly, we believe that it was more of a -- that we were treating it more of a durable when it was really a consumable, and it was something that we probably shouldn't have planned as aggressively. So that is the comment on outdoor. And dinnerware, we actually have been really working to freshen up our tabletop category. And if you go into our Williams-Sonoma stores now, you'll see the results of that, which is a more elevated tabletop, higher quality, more artisanal, and we're very excited about that transition.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from Alan Rifkin of Barclays Capital.
Sam Reid - Barclays Capital: This is Sam Reid filling in for Alan Rifkin. I just was noting that you guys said that there is now more certainty than in 2Q. Applying what you guys learned in the last recession, if the current environment should continue to slow down, what steps would you all be able to take to further rein in expenses?
Laura Alber: We remember well what happened before. And when that happened, we retooled every single part of our company. And those initiatives continue to give us cost savings today. And we have said earlier that our supply chain initiatives continue to perform, and we have additional initiatives in the future to save money and also to deliver better customer service to our consumers. Those specifics are competitive, but we have still a lot of runway in improving the quality and service to our customers and our supply chain, and also updating our network to do so that will provide us lower costs. Throughout the company, there are other areas where we continue to find leverage points. We've talked about our ad costs and the increasing understanding of how to use e-marketing programs to optimize profitability. And our direct-to-customer percentage to total really gives us flexibility that others don't have in their operating models. I just want to add, though, that even though we see all of this uncertainty, and we, of course, read the news and watch the stock market, we are also really committed to investing in our longer-term growth. We said this year that we're going to make an investment in e-commerce and in global and in new business acquisition. And we believe that even these uncertain times give us an opportunity to get further ahead because of our strong financial position.
Operator: And our next question will come from Matt McGinley of International Strategy and Investment.
Matthew McGinley - ISI Group Inc.: I have a question on your increase in selling margins. Presumably, you're having cost increases that are cycling through the gross margins, but you're offsetting this by price. Are you still receiving price request increases from your vendors at the same rate? And when does that begin to level out? And when do you think those costs headwinds will no longer be a headwind where you can still get through the price but maybe not have the expense?
Laura Alber: I'd like to say that the worst is behind us with commodities going down. But the reality is that labor will continue to go up in Asian markets and you're going to see vendors -- they're going to ask for cost increases. We have been successful in offsetting them through some unique strategies that we have, and that -- and we will continue to focus on them. But we do have in our margins now, I hope, the worst of it. With the cotton price spike from last year, those goods are now in our pipeline as we speak.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Horvers of JPMorgan.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Sharon, question for you. Given the slowdown in the core Williams-Sonoma comps in the second quarter and the importance of that brand to 4Q sales, is the 20-basis-point gross margin reduction in the back half particularly related to this brand, as you see an ability to trade off selling margins versus advertising productivity? And just really bigger picture, and we're all trying to figure out what's going on with the high-end consumer that's your core customer. Maybe you could talk about how you're thinking about the high-end consumer today versus maybe a month or 3 months ago.
Sharon McCollam: Certainly. We -- in the back half when we look at the margin, we actually have been more conservative in every brand with the exception of West Elm, which is absolutely positively seeing probably the best year in its history. So when we look at it, what's interesting about this time is that the high-end consumer, when you listen to the categories that Laura just spoke to that are actually working in our business, the high-end consumer is staying strong and our higher-end assortments are performing well. So as we think about it, there's the mix of our brands, the mix within our brands that will affect the margin, but there's also the strengths that we see behind the business coming into Q3. Laura, we both said that coming into Q3, the consumer response to our fall merchandising strategies and our product is strong. So as we look forward, while the economy is doing what it's doing here, we are seeing the consumer engaged. So we'll look at that. We've softened it 20 basis points on the year when you consider the fact that Q3 and Q4 are bigger than the first 2 quarters of the year. It's a significant cushion, and we feel good about it. Also, if we had to go further, we also -- as Laura said with the operating model, I expect to see the benefit on the advertising side, on the SG&A side, because if we're more promotional, we see that we can use less advertising in order to drive the sales.
Operator: And we'll move next to Brad Thomas of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Bradley Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Wanted to follow up on some of the commentary around your promotional activity. I was hoping you'll just speak a little bit more about your level of planned promotions during the second quarter versus the level of markdowns. And then secondly, when we see the retail sales coming a little bit light, the share shifting towards DTC, does that put incremental pressure on your retail margins? And then lastly, as we think about the back half, is it fair to think you're stepping things up another level with respect to that planned promotional activity?
Laura Alber: Brad, it's Laura. Q2, our margins, our planned promotional activity and markdowns actually allowed us to drive higher MMU year-over-year. So it was successful in doing, I think, even more than others thought it would do. And at the same time, we talked a lot about promotions, but our brands are very regular-priced brands. In fact, the percentage at regular prices is quite high. And so while we talk about it, it's a smaller shift than you -- in the numbers than you might expect if I were to go through them. So as we look at Q3 and Q4, we have our plans in place. They're competitive. We also have plans, if the economy were to change, good or bad, to address the change in the competitive environment because it is so important to us that people can buy the best value, the best quality, the best price at our brands.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kate McShane of Citi Investment Research.
Kate McShane - Citigroup Inc: I know it was just fully launched in Q2 with your international shipping, but I wondered if you can give us a little more color on what you've seen so far and how the response has differed among your brands.
Laura Alber: Sure. We launched with a third party, and we did this for 2 reasons. One, we have demand and our customers are asking for us to ship all the time even from our American stores who are overseas who are constantly having that done via containers and different ways, and we thought that this would be a much better experience for our customers with a better system to do that. The other reason we did it was because it helps us know where the bulk of the customers are in advance of opening stores and going into markets with fully integrated e-commerce. And so we're very pleased to understand and verify where we have business and in what order. We also -- as we think about our international strategy, we've also been talking to all of our store associates in all of our stores about what the top 3 countries are that customers want to ship to and comparing those comments to what we're seeing with our international shipping demand. And it's very interesting and congruent, and it's really going to help us launch very effectively overseas.
Operator: And we'll move next to David Magee of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
David Magee - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Just a quick question, more strategic, on the Williams-Sonoma brand. As you look in the future, that seems to be the most vulnerable perhaps of your brands relative to online competition. How do you plan to protect that? And do you get exclusives from vendors increasingly in the future? Or how do you see that developing?
Laura Alber: We are getting exclusives, and we believe that our customer comes to us for not just the product but also because they trust us. We know them, and we are going to stand behind them. We have increased our customer service initiatives very aggressively, so that people come to our stores to gather around food, learn how to cook and entertain and then also to go to our websites to search for recipes. We -- we've increased the Recipe section of our website, and the amount of page views are staggering and continues to grow, showing the relevance and the top-of-mind awareness of the Williams-Sonoma brand. Our vendors are very strong partners with us. They understand the marketplace. They -- we are the big fish, and they want to protect the exclusivity in the relationship. And so we continue to build new, innovative products with them that are not in the market. And Pat is reminding me here that only -- here's a good -- why don't you give them the stat?
Pat Connolly: We have only 26 of our top 100 SKUs in Williams-Sonoma are even available on Amazon. So while we have a lot of products that are available there, the majority of our bestsellers are exclusive to us and it then really points out the differentiation that we have. We have very strong DTC business in Williams-Sonoma.
Laura Alber: The other thing that's very different about us is our artisanal products and that emporium feeling that you get when you go into our Williams-Sonoma stores online and our ability to bring to the customers things that they would not see in any of their -- in any other online stores or in stores in general. So that premium positioning will continue, focused on, as a recap, the service levels, keeping the quality very high and innovative and exciting new products.
Operator: And we'll move next to Peter Benedict of Robert Baird.
Peter Benedict - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Sharon, a quick question on the occupancy expenses of $123 million in the quarter. Help me think about that in the back half of the year. I think that the plan was for that to start going up. I wanted to just get an update on that and how you see that... [Technical Difficulty]
Sharon McCollam: I did hear the question you wanted to understand what -- occupancy is going down $2 million in the second quarter to $123 million. How did we see that for the back half. That was the first part I heard. Do you want to finish?
Peter Benedict - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Yes, just that. And then also how the international business is impacting the gross margin in the quarter and how you see it impacting it going forward.
Sharon McCollam: Certainly. Occupancy, I think we can think about occupancy for the year virtually flat. You are going to see some increases coming into the back half. We're putting a new building in service as part of our e-commerce and our expansion plans. So that will be coming in, in the back half. But the real estate teams are doing an excellent job in the efforts with our landlords, not to mention you would have noticed we have some additional store closures. So I think that we should be in a great place with occupancy this year, and we're continuing to work hard to optimize it. As it relates to how the international franchise operations affect the P&L, basically what they do is they put pressure on the margins because obviously, a franchise operation is a wholesale operation. But then, on the SG&A side, it levers. So if you take a look at today's commentary, you'll see that in -- where I mentioned in gross margin that international operations had a negative impact, it had a more-than-positive impact coming out of the SG&A. And that's how you're going to think about it. And as that grows, we'll have to continue to call that out because we've got to divorce that from selling margins.
Operator: And we'll hear next from Michael Baker of Deutsche Bank.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG: So I was curious about the strategy to open up pop-up stores in the West Elm brand. We still only have 35 stores throughout the country. I guess what's the theory behind doing a pop-up at this point rather than filling out some more permanent locations?
Laura Alber: Well, opportunity. We are very pleased with our store model and its performance, and we are looking for permanent locations. But we are going to be picky about those. And because they're longer leases and we want premium space, in some cases there isn't locations -- there aren't locations available quite yet. However, we have seen that there are some spaces available earlier and shifted to the holiday season. And we opened a store in Georgetown that we're very proud of. It's very creative, artistic space, very small, 3,000 square feet, driving profit but also helping us understand that market and what that consumer wants in that market so that when we do put a permanent store there, we can be successful and also have the population really get to know us as soon as we can. So you're going to see us continue to look for the -- it's always a good time particularly as you head towards the holiday season where they make sense. And I'd invite any of you who are in Washington, D.C. to go visit the store downtown to see what we're talking about.
Operator: And we'll move on to Laura Champine of Cowen and Company.
Tom Nikic: This is Tom Nikic for Laura Champine today. I just wanted to ask a little bit more about margins. So you said earlier that you've been more efficient with your ad spending. Does that mean that you can afford to be a little more promotional in back half than you otherwise would have been, and that's what's driving the reduction in the full year gross margin guidance? And is there something else going on? Like were product costs higher than you had expected? Or anything on along those lines?
Sharon McCollam: Well, Tom, the advertising productivity -- when we talk about advertising, we're talking about advertising productivity, meaning that for every dollar that we are investing in advertising, it is more productive than the dollar that we would have spent in a prior time frame. So we are extremely pleased with what we've done, the investments we've made in e-commerce, e-marketing, what Pat's team is doing, the circulation balance between catalog circulation and e-marketing. All of those are playing into a higher productive ad cost. To your question, yes, we believe that in the back half, if things became more promotional with the competition, that we definitely would be able to move some gross margin dollars and offset them in ad costs and go further than we've already gone in the guidance and would do so if we saw that to be necessary. At this point, based on the initial consumer response to our fall and holiday -- our fall merchandising strategies, we're not seeing a need to do that. But if we did, we certainly could.
Operator: And our final question will come from Michael Lasser of UBS.
Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank: Sharon, digging deeper into your sales guidance for the second half, have you taken the uncertainties in the broader environment into account? Or have you simply and strictly kept it to a similar method that you used for forecasting the business in the past?
Sharon McCollam: We kept it pretty much -- there's no question that we considered it. I -- obviously, we certainly did because if you take a look at the guidance, we did take it down in the back half of the year. For the full year, we're down a little bit. We held it in the same place. And based on the strength we're seeing right now on the fall assortment, we might have potentially projected that out further. But at this point, we have been cautious but not materially. We see our business performing. We see the high end performing. So I wouldn't say it's overly conservative, no.
Operator: And at this time, I'll turn the conference over to Laura Alber for any final comments.
Laura Alber: Well, thank you all for joining us, and we look forward to talking to you next time.
Operator: That does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Nelson - Director of Investor Relations Laura Alber - Chief Executive Officer and President Pat Connolly - Chief Marketing Officer, Executive Vice President, Director and Member of Incentive Award Committee Sharon Mccollam - Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Joseph Feldman - Telsey Advisory Group Austin Pauls - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Peter Benedict - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Matthew McGinley - ISI Group Inc. Bradley Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Matt Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Mark-Andre Saucier-Nadeau - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. TJ McConville Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Avery Sheffield Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG Laura Champine - Cowen and Company, LLC Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Also, this conference is being recorded. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Steve Nelson, Vice President of Investor Relations, to discuss non-GAAP measures and forward-looking statements. Please go ahead, sir.
Stephen Nelson: Good morning. This morning's conference call should be considered in conjunction with the press release that we issued earlier today. Our press release and this call contain non-GAAP financial measures that exclude the impact of unusual business events. These non-GAAP financial measures are provided to facilitate meaningful year-over-year comparisons. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, and an explanation of why these non-GAAP financial measures are useful are discussed in Exhibit 1 of this press release. Also included in this morning's press release and conference call is a new metric, comparable brand revenue growth, that includes both retail comparable store revenues and total direct-to-customer revenues. This metric also incorporates outlet stores within their respective brands. At the brand level, this new metric will replace our existing comparable store sales metrics. However, we will continue to report comparable store sales at the total company level. Please refer to Exhibit 2 of this morning's press release for a 5-year history of this metric by brand by quarter. The forward-looking statements included in this morning's call constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, guidance, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2011 and beyond, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company's current press releases and SEC filings for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call. I will now turn the conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer, to discuss our first quarter 2011 results and our fiscal year 2011 outlook.
Laura Alber: Thanks, Steve. Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today are Pat Connolly, our Chief Marketing Office; and Sharon Mccollam, our Chief Operating and Chief Financial Officer.  The first quarter was another very strong quarter for our company. Net revenues increased 7% and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share increased 30% to a record $0.30 per share. Comparable brand revenues increased 9%. Non-GAAP operating margin increased 110 basis points, including the planned impact of incremental SG&A that is being invested in e-commerce, international and business development. What drove these better than expected results were an innovative merchandising assortment supported by compelling price points, highly targeted multichannel marketing initiatives and a superior customer experience. We are particularly pleased to see such strong growth in both channels as direct-to-customer revenues increased 13% and retail comparable store sales increased 7%. During the quarter, we continued to invest in our key growth initiatives, including increasing our penetration in e-commerce, expanding the reach of the west elm brand and extending our international presence. In e-commerce, net revenues increased 21% to 38% of total company revenue as web traffic reached a new quarterly high. Several key initiatives drove these strong results, including the ongoing optimization of natural search and improved relevance of event-triggered marketing. In west elm, comparable brand revenues increased a record 31%.  In international, we added 2 new franchise stores in Saudi Arabia and launched our first international e-commerce site in PBteen. Our remaining international sites will launch in Q2.  Across all brands and all channels, we continued to focus on enhancing the customer experience. During the quarter, we launched a new Professional Chef program, we introduced several new online community activities and streamlined website usability. We also expanded our retail clientele-ing and in-store event programs. Each of these initiatives is allowing us to attract new customers to our brands and taking our existing customer relationships to a new level. In our core brands, comparable brand revenues increased 7%. Pottery Barn Kids saw the greatest increase, followed by Pottery Barn and Williams-Sonoma. In our emerging brands including west elm and PBteen, comparable brand revenues increased 22%. In international, we are onboarding our new leadership team and are now aggressively exploring opportunities for retail expansion in other regions of the world. Our 8 franchise stores in Dubai, Kuwait and Saudi Arabia continue to exceed expectations, and we expect to add 5 additional stores in the back half of the year. In our supply chain, we are continuing to see ongoing customer service and cost reduction benefits from our distribution, transportation, packaging and upholstered furniture initiatives. These initiatives include optimizing our inbound and outbound packaging costs, streamlining our southeast home furniture delivery operations and leveraging our expanded in-country sourcing operations in Asia.  As we look forward to Q2, our business is on track to deliver another record quarter. Each of our brands began the year with a strong merchandising and marketing plan. And despite the ongoing softness in the overall home furnishings category today, we are continuing to gain market share. As such, we are reiterating our second quarter non-GAAP EPS guidance of $0.33 to $0.36 per share and increasing our full year guidance for the $0.02 outperformance we delivered in Q1. This brings our fiscal year 2011 revenue growth to a range of 4% to 6% and our non-GAAP diluted EPS to a range of $2.13 to $2.21 versus $1.95 last year.  I will now turn the call over to Sharon for more details on the first quarter and our guidance.
Sharon Mccollam: Thank you, Laura. Good morning, everyone.  As Laura just said, our first quarter performance did, once again, exceed our expectations, particularly with the home furnishings industry reporting softer than expected growth during the quarter. Our net revenues increased to better than expected 7% to $771 million, including 9% comparable brand growth. Direct-to-customer revenues increased 13%, including e-commerce growth of 21%. And retail revenues increased 4%, including comparable store sales growth of 7%. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share increased 30% to $0.30 per share, which was $0.02 better than the high end of our guidance. Successful planned promotions resulting in highly productive advertising costs and greater than expected benefits from our cost containment initiatives drove these better than expected results. Non-GAAP gross margin increased by 60 basis points to 38.4%. This increase was primarily driven by the leverage of fixed occupancy expenses due to increasing net revenues, partially offset by an increase in promotional activity, including shipping fees, and the impact of international franchise operations. For the quarter, non-GAAP occupancy expense dollars were flat to last year at $125 million. Non-GAAP SG&A expenses decreased by 40 basis points to 31.5%. This decrease was primarily driven by lower incentive compensation costs and a decrease in other general expenses, partially offset by a higher proportion of net revenues being driven by the direct-to-customer channel, which incurs advertising costs at a higher rate than the retail channel. From a segment reporting perspective, the Q1 total company non-GAAP EBT margin expanded 110 basis points to 4.2%, driven by a 60-basis-point decline in the direct-to-customer segment, a 60-basis-point improvement in the retail segment and a 70-basis-point improvement in the non-allocated segment. If you exclude the impact of inventory-related costs associated with the shutdown of Williams-Sonoma Home in the first quarter of 2010, however, the direct-to-customer segment EBT margin was flat to last year, and the retail segment actually improved by 10 basis points.  In the direct-to-customer segment, increased promotional activity including Williams-Sonoma Reserve and increased investment in SG&A to support the growth of e-commerce was fully offset by sales leverage of fixed occupancy costs and other general expenses. In the retail segment, sales leverage of fixed occupancy costs, partially offset by higher traffic-generating promotional activity, drove a 10-basis-point improvement in the retail EBT margin. And in the non-allocated segment, lower incentive compensation and other general expenses drove a 70-basis-point year-over-year improvement. From a balance sheet perspective, first quarter highlights were as follows: cash and cash equivalents increased $66 million to $471 million, after returning nearly $220 million to shareholders through share repurchase and dividends over the past 12 months. Merchandise inventories increased $30 million or 6% to $532 million on quarterly revenue growth of 7%. And accounts payable increased $15 million or 8% to $192 million, primarily driven by the timing of merchandise received. I'd now like to briefly discuss our second quarter and fiscal year 2011 guidance. As Laura said earlier, we are increasing our full year guidance for the outperformance we saw in the first quarter. For the remaining quarters of the year, we are also reiterating our guidance. In every quarter, the current guidance reflects record non-GAAP EPS performance and we don't believe it is operationally prudent to get too far ahead of the consumer at this early date. It also presumes that we will continue to gain substantial market share in every quarter, and we are confident in our ability to do so.  But there are ever present macro issues that are not in our control that we believe we should be cautious about. Additionally, as we outlined in March, we plan to fully fund the SG&A necessary to support our e-commerce, international and business development growth strategies, which have previously been quantified at $25 million. This equates to approximately $0.15 per diluted share, the majority of which will be incurred in the remaining quarters of the year.  As such, we're reiterating our second quarter guidance in the range of $805 million to $825 million in revenue and our second quarter non-GAAP EPS guidance in the range of $0.33 to $0.36 per share. This assumes revenue growth of 4% to 6%, comparable brand revenue growth of 7% to 9% and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share growth of 6% to 14%. As it relates to the individual P&L line items within our Q2 guidance, we are reducing gross margin by 30 basis points on both the low end and the high end, and correspondingly lowering SG&A to reflect the more promotional cadence but better advertising and employment productivity we saw in Q1. For the full year, net revenues are expected to increase in the range of $3.6 billion to $3.7 billion, and our non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to increase in the range of $2.13 to $2.21 versus $1.95 last year. This assumes revenue growth of 4% to 6%, comparable brand revenue growth of 6% to 8% and non-GAAP diluted EPS growth of 9% to 13%. From the balance sheet perspective, we are maintaining our fiscal year and inventory guidance in the range of $540 million to $560 million and holding our annual capital spending guidance in the range of $135 million to $150 million. We are excited about 2011 and the opportunities that we see for our brands and remain committed to executing against the initiatives that we have just shared with you today.  I would now like to turn the call over to Laura to discuss the performance of the Williams-Sonoma, Pottery Barn and west elm brands.
Laura Alber: Thank you, Sharon. In the Williams-Sonoma brand, net revenues and comparable brand revenues increased 3% in the first quarter. From a merchandising perspective, the key drivers of growth during the quarter were new product introductions particularly in electrics, cookware and outdoor and a traffic-generating promotional calendar. Another driver was the Williams-Sonoma Reserve shipping program, which is not only enhancing our competitive positioning against other online retailers, but also allowing us to develop stronger relationships with participating customers. Relationships are also being enhanced through the expansion of our online community, including the launch of our monthly newsletter, On the Menu, and our proprietary blog, The Blender. While both of these programs are in their early stages, we believe the customer engagement opportunity they represent is significant, as we further differentiate our overall customer experience from the competition. Looking forward to the second quarter and the balance of the year, we are excited about the upcoming summer holidays and the opportunities they represent. We have a substantial number of new initiatives that we did not have a year ago, including Williams-Sonoma Reserve and Professional Chef. In addition, we are continuing initiatives that are driving the business today. These include introducing new exclusive and innovative products across all channels; enhancing our value proposition; increasing our investment in e-commerce and e-marketing, including the launch of our international websites in the second quarter; engaging our most loyal customers through in-store events, online community, social media and special programs; and expanding the reach of the brand through collaborations with the cooking community. We expect all of these initiatives to allow us to deliver a superior, multichannel experience to our customers, while expanding and affirming the brand's authority as the premier destination for high-quality cooking and home entertaining essentials. I would now like to talk about Pottery Barn. Pottery Barn delivered another very strong quarter in Q1, as net revenues increased 6% on top of 23% last year and the operating margin reached a new high. Comparable brand revenues increased 8% with e-commerce continuing to grow as a percentage of the total. Highly successful online customer acquisition initiative, combined with a superior customer experience across all channels, drove these better than expected results. From a merchandising perspective, enhanced design services, both in-store and online, drove higher customer engagement and increased sales. Decorative accessories, textiles and tabletops were top-performing categories. New product introductions also drove impressive growth. From an operational perspective during the quarter, margin improvement continued to be a top priority and the brand delivered record numbers. Improved selling margins, a successfully executed real estate optimization plan and ongoing benefits from Asian in-country sourcing initiatives drove these better than expected results.  As we look forward to the second quarter and the balance of the year, we are continuing to execute against those initiatives that are driving Pottery Barn's performance to new levels, including increasing our investment in e-commerce and e-marketing to further strengthen our Internet presence; delivering a cohesive merchandising strategy with an artisanal product assortment; providing a strong competitive value proposition, including planned category promotions; and offering superior customer service, including authoritative design and clientele-ing services. We're also continuing to expand the reach of the Pottery Barn brand into new product categories, new markets and new geographies, including new stores in the Middle East and the launch of our international e-commerce website in the second quarter. Now I would like to talk about Pottery Barn Kids. Pottery Barn Kids delivered a very strong first quarter as net revenues increased to better than expected 10% on top of a 21% increase last year. During the quarter, comparable brand revenues increased 11% with particularly strong growth in e-commerce. From a merchandising perspective, all key categories -- including furniture, decorative accessories and textiles -- delivered strong results as seasonal product introductions, strategically planned promotions and a registry momentum fueled stronger-than-expected sales.  From an operational perspective, strategic inventory management and retail profitability continued to be key initiatives as the brand achieved another consecutive year of operating margin expansion. Improved selling margins and last year's successful execution of the brand's real estate optimization plan drove these better than expected Q1 results. As we look forward to the second quarter and the balance of the year, we are continuing to focus on those initiatives that are driving customer acquisition, customer engagement and strong multichannel growth. These initiatives include: creating inspirational and innovative designs at a great value; further leveraging our multichannel strength to deliver a superior, personalized customer experience in all channels; driving Internet growth through improved search functionality, increased conversion and enhanced social platform; and expanding into new markets, including new stores in the Middle East and the launch of our international websites in the second quarter. I would now like to talk about the PBteen brand.  Net revenues in comparable brand revenue in PBteen increased 7% on top of 22% last year, and the brand delivered its second highest ever Q1 operating margin, while at the same time offering to the customer a significantly greater value proposition. From a merchandising perspective, new product introductions, primarily in furniture and decorative accessories, planned promotions and increased web traffic drove these results.  As we look forward to the second quarter and the balance of the year, we are continuing to focus on initiatives that will drive enhanced brand awareness and a greater level of customer engagement, including: broadening the merchandise assortment; increasing traffic and conversion in e-commerce through highly targeted marketing; improved site functionality and an expanded social networking presence, further positioning the brand as a design resource for teens; and entering new markets, including the launch of our international website at the end of the first quarter. All of these initiatives will allow us to continue to expand our rapidly growing customer base and take the brand to a new level of performance and service. Finally, I'd like to talk about west elm. West elm delivered another excellent quarter as revenues and operating profitability reached new highs. During the first quarter, net revenues increased 26% and comparable brand revenues increased 31%, reflecting the fifth consecutive quarter of sequential revenue acceleration since the re-merchandising of the brand in early 2010. All key product categories delivered positive growth during the quarter, as new product introductions, a substantially enhanced value proposition and a highly impactful multichannel marketing strategy drove substantially better than expected results. Consistent with our strategy to broaden the brand's appeal and promote the frequency of purchase, textiles, decorative accessories and tabletops were our strongest performing categories in addition to furniture. We are particularly pleased with the ongoing strength of e-commerce, which drove as much year-over-year dollar growth during the quarter as the 35 retail stores combined. A highly productive e-marketing strategy and continued improvements in the on-site experience drove record traffic and increased conversion. As we look forward to second quarter and the balance of the year, we will profitably grow the west elm brand by engaging with a broader range of customers by continuing to rebalance the product mix and offering the customer greater choices in product price and aesthetic. We will further expand our product assortment into categories beyond furniture, and we will further create a seamless and inspirational store, web and catalog experience. We'll also take advantage of opportunities that arise to expand our retail footprint as retail profitability improves and new milestones are achieved. I would now like to open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Budd Bugatch with Raymond James.
TJ McConville: This is actually TJ filling in for Budd. A question I had was to the international expansion to start. We're going to be rolling out new stores throughout the rest of the year. Any commentary you want to offer on what brands you might lead with? What the type of acceptance or brand value you hold in those markets is and any color you can provide there?
Laura Alber: Sure. It's Laura. We are very excited that we have just brought in 2 experienced executives that have been in international expansion for their careers. And they are currently looking at where we go first and how we go. We want to deliver the same high quality customer experience and multichannel experience as we enter new markets and we are looking at, as I said, where to go and how to go. And obviously the websites that we -- the website we just launched in international is giving us early indications of where we have demand. So in addition to market research and talking to our associates around the world, we have the opportunity to really read the results from our current sales as we expand through the summer with the other brands and use that to identify where we may place beacon stores around the globe.
Operator: We'll hear next from Colin McGranahan with Sanford Bernstein.
Avery Sheffield: It's Avery filling in for Colin. I had a question regarding the Williams-Sonoma brand. Your comparable growth in the brand remains below Pottery Barn and west elm over the past couple of years, or said conversely, Pottery Barn and west elm are outperforming. I was wondering if you could comment on the drivers of this performance differential, and any potential impact from increasing price transparency influencing the performance of your nonexclusive versus exclusive products.
Sharon Mccollam: Absolutely. Laura, would you speak to that, please?
Laura Alber: Sure. We are very pleased with the performance of Williams-Sonoma and very excited about our current initiatives and how they will further expand the reach of our brand. And when you look at the numbers, we really -- we looked back at a 4-year history to look at our different brands. And there's nothing about our performance that we are apologetic about in Williams-Sonoma. In fact, we are really excited about what that brand is delivering, and particularly the customer experience that they're delivering that is being enhanced each and every day. We also have brought in more exclusive products. We are working very closely with our vendors to continue to introduce differentiated, exclusive product and artisanal product into our channels. And the other place that Williams-Sonoma see great opportunity is in e-commerce. The e-commerce opportunity in Williams-Sonoma, we think, is quite substantial. And we are just getting going, as I said, on community efforts on the website and also increasing our assortment on the website.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Fassler of Goldman Sachs.
Mark-Andre Saucier-Nadeau - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: This is actually Mark-Andre filling in for Matt. Just a quick question on merchandise margin. Can you talk about your expectations for the trajectory going forward? And in the same line of thought, could you also talk about input costs, inflation and pass-through?
Sharon Mccollam: Absolutely. I'm going to take -- on the promotional cadence going forward, as I said, as we said prepared remarks, we expect that we are going to continue to offer the value through a more promotional cadence throughout the balance of this year. We believe that that is necessary with the consumer. We are adding new customers to the brands. It is attracting new customers to our brands. And obviously from the P&L, as you can see, it's highly profitable for us. The other thing I talked about with that promotional cadence in my prepared remarks is the fact that at the promotions, whether it be from a markdown or from a shipping promotion, we are also seeing opportunity to highly leverage our advertising costs. So while you might be looking at the gross margin line, you have to look at that in conjunction with the ad cost line to come to a point of view about the corporate benefit of doing that, and we see that as very positive. I'm going to let Laura speak to what is currently happening with our vendors from a cost point of view.
Laura Alber: Sure. We are seeing cost increases. But as we have said, we have initiatives that are unique to Williams-Sonoma that are allowing us to offset them. These include the rollout of -- the roll-off of double agent commissions from last year, the expanded role of our Asia sourcing office and the incorporation of west elm into our total company sourcing program.
Operator: Janet Kloppenburg of JJK Research has the next question.
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: Sharon and Laura, I just was wondering about this focus on value. It seems like you're getting increasingly focused on this. And I'm wondering, Laura or Sharon, if you're able to develop programs where your margins are healthy, but where you're still offering the company or the customer a perceived value through these promotions.
Laura Alber: That is exactly what we're doing. We put together last year a promotional calendar to attract new customers and delight our current customers. And we believe that by giving value and allowing someone to buy something at a small discount, connects them more deeply to the brand and then they come in and buy other items. And it is a very important strategy that we think successful retailers will continue to execute against until we see a change in the behavior. And you can see many articles written about this, how all parts of the customer, all parts of the demographics are focused on great value. And there's no tricking them. It has to be excellent value. And so as we develop products and price products, we look at obviously the costs. But more importantly, we look at what we're delivering to our customers vis--vis our competition to make sure that they will shop with us.
Sharon Mccollam: And, Janet, the key is planning the promotional cadence to drive traffic as opposed to just having markdowns. This is a strategy. It's planned. It's well executed. It's marketed behind in a way that we're trying to attract customers. So I think that as you think about the value strategy for us, you need to think about it as just exactly that, a planned traffic-generating promotional strategy.
Operator: Oppenheimer's Brian Nagel has our next question.
Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: So not to beat a dead horse here, but my question's also around margins. Just to be clear, Sharon, I know you've tried to talk about this for a while, what you're doing with this promotional product, but so I'm understanding, is the commentary, or I guess let's ask it this way. In Q1, has this effort intensified? And will it continue to intensify through the balance of 2011 or is it going to stay the course? And I have a follow-up after that.
Sharon Mccollam: I think what we're seeing based on our original guidance, clearly in Q2, I just moved 30 basis points of margin into SG&A because of the highly productive advertising and employment that we're getting out of the increased revenues. So we did accelerate some of this, the strategic acceleration of it, into the second quarter. And we think it's going to continue into the second quarter. I'm going to let Laura speak to the strategy behind that because one of the things, Brian, that you do is when you see something be so highly effective at attracting new customers to the brand, it's something that you want to study and you want to be sure that you do more of it. But I'll let Laura speak to that on the overall brand level.
Laura Alber: I think, Sharon, you covered it and probably my last remark did also, but I'll just add one more thing that there is really nothing structurally in the way of improving margins. But we've decided that strategically, we don't believe it's the right strategy to raise prices in the short term and have that be what we do. Because as a growth company, as Sharon said, we want to attract new customers and deliver incredible exclusive products priced competitively and deliver the great value that our brands have always stood for.
Operator: We'll hear next from Matt McGinley with ISI.
Matthew McGinley - ISI Group Inc.: When you look at the sales growth you've had over the past couple of quarters, who do you think the incremental buyers of your products are? Are you seeing -- continuing to see strong activation as you were last year? Or do you have the same customers that came back to the brands last year that are building the basket? And then secondly, when you reclassified the stores from the Pottery Barn and the Williams-Sonoma brand into the outlet, does that change the product mix in the stores at all? Or is it effectively just a sign change on the front of the door?
Sharon Mccollam: Actually, it is not. I'm going to speak to the outlet, and then Pat Connolly is going to speak to the health of our health file and some of the existing things that are happening in the health file right now. The outlet, nothing has changed operationally. This is only a reporting change. Historically, we have the 18 outlet stores treated like a brand, but each of them has its own brand identity. So when we went from the comparable store sales metrics by brand to the comparable revenue metric, you have to include the outlets. So you can see in the store table in the press release, how we just credited out the 18 stores in the outlets and pushed them up into the other brands. I will also say that with the outlets in or the outlets out of the brand, it doesn't make a material difference either today or in any of the prior years because, as you all know -- as you know, we did give you 5 years of comparable brand revenue history in a new attachment to the press release that we thought might be helpful to you. And then, Pat, could you speak to what's happening with the health of the health file?
Pat Connolly: Sure, I can, Sharon. I think we're seeing across our catalog mailings consistent performance across all the segments of the file, not only among our current customers but also reactivation and new customer acquisition efforts. On the e-commerce side, I think what's notable is that the sales, while they were up about 20%, the traffic was also up about 20%. So we're bringing in the same quality of customer across the file. On the email side, while the number of emails delivered in the quarter was only up about 2%, our conversion improved 20%. And that's really a function of our ability to make them more effective and more targeted. One little highlight, we're seeing an increased amount of sales on mobile devices, which was in the last quarter about 5%. So not a large amount, but it's growing about 10% month over month which could be significant in the future. About 80% of that is with the iPad and iPhone. Our customer base is very Mac-friendly. We have one of the highest percentage penetrations of Safari as the native browser, so we're in a great position to take advantage of that going forward.
Operator: We'll move next to Brad Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Bradley Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Just wanted to follow up in terms of the guidance. Sharon, you referenced some potential macro overhangs. Obviously, comps during the quarter, very strong and acceleration on a 2- and 3-year rate. Can you just talk a little bit more about what you saw during the quarter? Is there anything that occurred, maybe from a cadence standpoint, that's worrisome or just being conservative? And just as a quick follow-up on the $25 million in incremental SG&A for this year, could you just remind us what your plans were for timing through the year? I know you referenced the majority of it was coming in remaining quarters, but if you could just make sure we're clear on how much of it was incurred in the first quarter relative to your original expectations would be great.
Sharon Mccollam: Okay. Let's first talk about the question associated with the cadence of the quarter. Like every other retailer, Q1 was a very strange quarter because the shift of Easter and then for us, remember Mother's Day becomes -- it's a big holiday for us. So as a result of that, of course, everyone moves revenue out of March into April, so the cadence was fantastic, you know what I'm saying? So I think to take a look at the first quarter from a cadence point of view is not helpful. Where we are right now is we are excited about the consumer response to our summer products offering, and we are very optimistic about the ability to continue to capitalize on the initiatives that we have in e-commerce to continue to drive that going forward. The question as it related to the investment in SG&A, we were absolutely on track as it relates to the SG&A investment. We are not going to quantify it by quarter. But when you think about what we're doing, Brad, a fairly large amount of that is the addition of approximately, let's call it 100 people for round numbers' sake. And those people are highly specialized in e-commerce and direct marketing and some of the areas that you would expect to support the growth of our e-commerce business. Additionally, those investments are in the talent and the leadership that we have brought into international, all the expenses that go along with putting together a very robust international strategy. And then of course from a business development standpoint, the costs are clear about what it would take to do that, too. When I think about, it's going to grow throughout the year. Hiring these highly talented people takes time, so you bring on the first wave. They seem to come very quickly, and then they come in waves after that. So I expect the cadence to be very heavy in Q2 and Q3. And then in Q4, we won't be adding that much because you're very focused on executing peak. So that's how I kind of see it playing out.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Feldman of Telsey Advisory Group.
Joseph Feldman - Telsey Advisory Group: Just wanted to follow up, did you guys see any impact from the weather or the government stimulus from last year, all those comparisons? Because I know you mentioned also getting a little more promotional and was curious if that was to offset some of those pressures or if there was anything you're seeing different in the competitive environment.
Sharon Mccollam: As it relates to the government incentives, we said last year that we do not believe, and we have data to support the fact that the housing incentive did not appear to have any impact that is material on our company. We believe that is because those incentives went to people who are not in our demographic. So we can't take any credit or take any detriment from the -- with or without the incentive, because we actually don't believe that it had a material impact on us. From a "weather point of view," I'm going to let Laura speak more holistically to the change in our seasons. And, Laura, you want to take that?
Laura Alber: Yes. I mean, you never know, right? But clearly you know when there's a tornado or there's a flood that people are not shopping. And we had a lot of that and it was awful for our customers, and we're very happy the weather is better. The thing that may be most related is outdoor furniture, which started off a little bit slower and it's now accelerated substantially, and our current sales are exactly on track to where we thought, and our business is very strong. And just to add, as I'm talking about outdoor furniture, in Pottery Barn where outdoor furniture is the largest of all of our brands, we improved our quality dramatically, and our customer is noticing. So we are very proud of that, too.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Nemer of Wells Fargo.
Matt Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Two quick questions, if I could. One, could you just talk to the impact of reserve on the P&L? I understand the strategic value of it, but I'm just wondering if in the early days you have sort of the buffet effect where people go up to get a second or third plate and it maybe impacts the profitability in the beginning. And then secondly, could you just comment on your plans in the daily deal or flash sale space? I've noticed that One Kings Lane seems to be having some early success and Gilt Groupe launched a food/cooking-related channel this week. So I'm just wondering what your plans are in that channel?
Sharon Mccollam: Okay. So, Matt, as it relates to Williams-Sonoma Reserve, I say this with the utmost respect. We believe that information details on Reserve are so competitively advantageous for someone else that we're not going to speak publicly a lot about the metrics. However, we will just blanket it to say that we could not be more pleased with the performance of the Williams-Sonoma Reserve program, and we'll not be precluded from thinking about the program in other parts of our business going forward.
Laura Alber: On the daily deal over the holiday season, we did some one-day deals on our websites and in our stores and they were successful. And it's again competitive, but it's something that we will do periodically. It's particularly helpful when you are giving gifts. So you will see us do -- use that strategy as we go forward.
Operator: . Laura Champine of Cowen and Company has our next question.
Laura Champine - Cowen and Company, LLC: I had a question about the international business, bringing on some fairly high-level folks to help explore this opportunity. Does that signal that you would be looking at significant company-owned expansion? And as a follow-on to that, would you want the e-commerce business to grow to a certain size before you moved into a country to show that you have a brand there? Or how would you manage that rollout?
Laura Alber: It's Laura. As I said, we want to launch into these new markets in a very powerful and brand-appropriate way. And so we may -- or we can, we would own it ourselves. But there are parts of the world where that is not possible, and where there are great partners. And we've had tremendous success with our Alshaya partner, and that has given us a lot of confidence to go into new markets with them as well. As it relates to multichannel retailing, we see the opportunity across channels but have -- because we haven't built out a lot of stores globally or any other than in the Middle East, we can actually launch with a larger percentage of direct business than some of the people who went earlier with multiple stores. And so as I said, the word we're using is beacon stores that allow the customer to come in, touch and feel and experience the brands that then enable our direct business in those markets.
Operator: We'll move next to Deutsche Bank's Michael Baker.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG: Just following up with a promotional question. It sounds like you said you're attracting more customers. Is it in retail or direct customer or both? And I guess more importantly, do you feel like it's a different customer demographic than you had previously attracted? And so eventually will that customer really always acquire the promotional activity or is it something that you sort of bring in the customer with a promotion activity, get them familiar with the brand and then can sort of wean them off it type thing?
Sharon Mccollam: Pat, would you take that?
Pat Connolly: I will, Sharon. Thanks for the question, Michael. We are seeing the same quality of customer come in because the promotions are so targeted. We're targeting them at the right segment of our prospect base as well as our existing customer base. And there's an aspect of this, I think, that's very important to understand, and it's sort of a follow-up answer to the question that Matt asked just before. And that is the difference between what we are doing and what say the flash sale sites are doing is that we have a much broader assortment. And so in almost every case, the sales that accrue from this promotion are on items other than the one we're promoting. And so it doesn't have nearly the impact that selling a single item only would have. And that's sort of the beauty of what we are doing here.
Operator: We'll move next to Peter Benedict with Robert W. Baird.
Peter Benedict - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Thinking about it in the gross margin line, Sharon, can you maybe talk about the outlook for occupancy costs in the second quarter and for the full year? I know they were flat in the first quarter, but how should we think about that going forward? And then related in the gross margin, can you quantify maybe the impact of the International Franchise business, what that had on the gross margin in the first quarter?
Sharon Mccollam: I would say that from an occupancy perspective, we're not going to, of course, guide individual line items at that level now like occupancy. But in the second quarter, I would not expect substantially different performance. Maybe slightly, you'll see some slightly higher numbers probably in Q2, and that will progress through the year, as it always does by the way. So but I don't think that -- there's no big story that we have to tell in occupancy. Until we get later in the year and we're going to open a couple of west elm stores, and they are going to be great stores. So we'll have some costs, but we're going to have some revenues and some great performance, too. So needless to say, again, I'm not going to get nailed down on a dollar amount, but we continue to feel very good about the real estate initiatives that we've had in place. As it relates to our franchise operations or the impact of that, the only reason we bring that up is just because of the way it gets accounted for. It's similar to wholesale business and therefore, you have revenue and you have costs and you have the margin clearly. But because of the nature of the transaction having no SG&A, your margin is lower, but you have no SG&A or less SG&A associated with it. So it does put impact, a little bit of impact on the gross margin. But then by the time you get to the bottom line, of course, it's a terrific deal. So that's why we had to call it out for the first time this quarter because, quite frankly, our partnership with Alshaya is growing, and it's very successful.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] You will hear next from Marni Shapiro with The Retail Tracker.
Marni Shapiro: I was kind of curious about -- or if you would talk a little bit to the industry, you talked about the competition and pricing issues. We've heard from some retailers in the off-price space that this has been very strong and people like Target talked about raising prices. I've walked several of your competitors. I don't think many of them look very good right now, and I just feel like there's a lot of inconsistency out there. If you could just talk about your broad view on the consumer and industry right now as it relates to you guys and in general.
Laura Alber: Sure. It's clear the customer is very choosy, both in what they buy and they expect very high levels of service and they expect the price to be competitive. And I have high respect for our competition. People are doing a lot of things. What they're probably not doing as well is taking service to the next level and being as innovative about how to do that. And as much as we've made improvements, we continue to see even more opportunity to be the best at serving customers in our space and helping them cook, entertain and decorate their homes, which is not -- these are not easy things to do. It's very considered purchases, and it takes a lot of help to understand our products and also learn how to put them together. And that is something that we're becoming, I think, better at than most in all of our channels. So as an example on our Pottery Barn website, you can go and look at our design studio which is a new launch, probably not marketed as largely as we could in the future. But you can go and read a lot of great information from incredible designers who we work with about tips and advice. And then also we have a room planner that you can use with our products and it's very, it's really user-friendly and we think pretty revolutionary in our space. So we're going to continue to add content to that and new tools to make it easier, as I said, to decorate and entertain, whether it's going into our stores for our classes, but also if you want to work on it at home on the weekend or even have our associates in our stores help you with those tools. So I think those are the things that are important to our customers. And I get a lot of letters telling, to me, about how great the service is and how differentiated it is from other people in the mall. In fact, I love hearing from different people. They always start with, "I was just in your store, and I just had this most incredible, friendly, warm experience." And they create relationships that make it about a community store versus a big brand. And that is so, so important to us. Back to the industry, the focus on price is important. But as I said, it needs to be authentic. Some people, it's a constant high-low. And I think after a while, the customer waits, and it needs to be pulsed so that that doesn't happen, and they're not just trading down all the time and delaying purchases. Our customers know that oftentimes when you go to buy a specific item, whether it be rugs -- rugs could be 15% off, but the rug you what may not be there in a month. So there's an urgency because we're equally focused on our designs and the appeal of our designs and the exclusivity and differentiation from our competition. And I think it's that powerful combination of exclusive, innovative products and then a great price that is allowing us to outperform the industry.
Operator: We'll hear next from Scott Ciccarelli of RBC Capital Markets.
Austin Pauls - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: This is Austin on for Scott. My question is on market share. You mentioned a couple of times in your prepared remarks that you think your taking market share. And I was hoping you could talk a little bit about where you think you're taking share. And also going forward, if you think there's a better opportunity to take share at the retail channel or online.
Sharon Mccollam: Laura, you want to talk about how we think about market share?
Laura Alber: Sure. It's an interesting question. What do I think? From every piece of data that I look at, I think it's clear that we are taking market share on upholstery, as a specific example, where we have really changed the game with our own manufacturing. And we're really a dominant top-of-mind multichannel retailer when it comes to upholstery. Within each brand, I could go through and tell you a similar story about a specific area. West elm, as a brand, is poised to really help us gain market share at a slightly different demographic than our other brands, which is so exciting because there's actually more people in that demographic. And I'm so proud of what that team has done with incredible design at such amazing prices. Every time I go in and look, I just continue to be impressed by the innovation in that brand and the quality level that they are able to deliver. So clearly, there's going to be, as that brand grows and has a bigger footprint and is more top of mind, we're going to grab market share in that demographic. Whether retail versus direct, it's a harder one to comment on. Our goal is to be the best in both. And I think our numbers would show you, and when you compare them to others that clearly with the economy flat and particularly our segment flat to negative, we are gaining market share across both channels.
Sharon Mccollam: And, Scott, when you think about the public retailers that announce and then of course I know you guys are always talking to the private equity people that are holding investments in many of the others, clearly our performance versus what's being reported publicly is outstanding in many cases. And we think the usual suspects are continuing to lose share. We believe that the biggest competitive advantages we have is our multichannel strategy and our ability to use this incredibly powerful health file to communicate relevantly to the customer. They're waiting for the customer to show up. What we believe about how we are gaining market share is that if you are a traditional retailer, you may have a website but it's like a second sort of thing in your company. We believe that we are able to serve them in both channels. We are not waiting for the customer to show up. We have the ability to speak to them in a personal and authentic way and help them think about the needs that they probably are going to have. So that's a big difference. And I don't know if you saw the Internet retailer numbers that came out a couple of weeks ago, but we just moved up again. We're now -- we just ranked the 25th largest. And in our category, I think I spoke to this at a conference or Pat did, in our category in Home Furnishings, Specialty Home Furnishings, again we are so far ahead of anyone in the game that it's this whole list below us, the top 5 add up to our revenue. So it's really that multichannel ability to address the customers that we think is really giving us a huge competitive advantage.
Operator: And that's all the time we have for questions. Ms. Alber, I'll turn the call back to you for any closing or additional remarks.
Laura Alber: Well, thank you for your support, and we look forward to talking to you again next quarter.
Operator: And again that does conclude our conference. Thank you all for your participation and have a great day.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-03-15 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Nelson - Director of Investor Relations Laura Alber - Chief Executive Officer and President Pat Connolly - Chief Marketing Officer, Executive Vice President, Director and Member of Incentive Award Committee Sharon Mccollam - Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: David Magee - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Peter Benedict - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Christian Buss - ThinkEquity LLC Bradley Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Matthew McGinley Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co Austin Pauls Anthony Chukumba - BB&T Capital Markets TJ McConville Matt Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Colin McGranahan - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Neely Tamminga - Piper Jaffray Companies
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma, Inc.'s Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2010 Earnings and Fiscal Year 2011 Guidance Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Steve Nelson, Director of Investor Relations, to discuss the non-GAAP measures and forward-looking statements.
Stephen Nelson: Good morning. This morning's conference call should be considered in conjunction with the press releases that we issued earlier today. Our press release and this call contain non-GAAP financial measures that exclude the impact of unusual business events. These non-GAAP financial measures are provided to facilitate meaningful year-over-year comparisons. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, and an explanation of why these non-GAAP financial measures are useful are discussed in Exhibit 1 of the press release. The forward-looking statements included in this morning's call constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, guidance, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2011 and beyond, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company's current press releases and SEC filings for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call. I will now turn the conference call over to Laura Alber, our President and Chief Executive Officer, to discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2010 results and our outlook for 2011.
Laura Alber: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Sharon Mccollam, our Chief Operating and Chief Financial Officer; and Pat Connolly, our Chief Marketing Officer. Fiscal 2010 was a year of record performance for our company. Each of our brands ended the year stronger than it began and aggressive and proactive initiatives across the organization led to new milestones and profitability. We are particularly pleased with the progress we made in merchandising, marketing, customer acquisition and customer service, as it was these initiatives that allowed us to attract new customers to our brand and gain market share all year. In the fourth quarter, our results once again significantly exceeded expectations as net revenues increased 10% and diluted earnings per share increased 26% to $1.08 per share. We ended the quarter with over $600 million in cash after returning nearly $185 million to our shareholders over the past 12 months and today announced a 13% increase in our quarterly dividend on top of the $125 million share repurchase program that we announced in February. During the fourth quarter, direct-to-customer revenues increased 17% and comparable store sales increased 5.2%. On a one-, two-, and three-year basis, year-over-year growth rates continue to improve as we introduced more authentic, artisanal, and exclusive products to the market and further enhanced our value proposition. We also increased our investment in eCommerce, elevated our in-store experience to a new level, optimized our advertising costs by re-deploying less productive catalog circulation into more productive e-marketing initiatives, and re-engineered our supply chain to generate shipping savings for our customers. In our core brands, the sales trends improved in every concept and we saw significant growth in new customer acquisitions. In total, fourth quarter core brand net revenues increased a better-than-expected 8%.  In our emerging brands, net revenues increased 21%. West elm and PBteen continue to exceed expectations on both the top and bottom line, and the retail restructuring of Williams-Sonoma Home was completed, including the closure of all stand-alone retail stores. For the full year, our results also significantly exceeded our expectations. In fiscal 2010, net revenues increased 13% and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share increased 105% to a record $1.95.  Our non-GAAP pretax operating margin increased 460 basis points to 9.8%, and our Direct-to-Customer segment reached a new level of profitability as eCommerce revenues increased 27%. To achieve these results, we drove double-digit revenue increases in both our core and emerging brands. We also significantly improved our selling margins, lowered our occupancy costs and increased the efficiency of our total marketing spend. In our supply chain, we continue to see ongoing customer service and cost reduction benefits from our distribution, transportation, packaging and quality returns initiatives. These initiatives included: Implementing Phase I of our multi-year East Coast distribution consolidation, optimizing our inbound and outbound packaging costs, improving efficiency in our personalization operations and consolidating shipments of customers' furniture and non-furniture orders into one delivery. Another significant supply chain initiative was agent sourcing, where we expanded our in-country operations. This initiative has allowed us to establish factory-specific expertise, improve vendor performance and reduce returns, replacements and damages. We are gaining similar efficiencies from the expansion of our North Carolina upholstered-furniture operation, which is now a major supplier of the company's upholstered furniture. In information technology, we made significant enhancements to our eCommerce platform, particularly in the areas of on-site search, customer engagement, mobile and social media. All of these investments drove increased traffic, higher conversion and a superior on-site experience for our customers. We also launched new e-Giftcard functionality in all brands in the third quarter and member-based shipping in the Williams-Sonoma brand in the fourth quarter. In direct marketing, we implemented new functionality that allowed us to make significant advancements in the relevance of our e-marketing program, and we were able to increase our targeted impressions by 80%. While much opportunity lies ahead for us in all of these areas, our 2010 progress in these initiatives allowed us to attract new customers to our brand and capture significant market share. In real estate. For the second consecutive year, we successfully reduced our retail occupancy costs, and closed an additional 24 stores or 2% of our retail leased square footage.  In business development, global expansion was a key focus for us this year, as we opened our first six franchise stores in Dubai and Kuwait. We are extremely pleased with the performance of these stores and have gained valuable expertise and franchise operations with our Middle East partner, M.H. Alshaya. Together, we are expecting to open additional stores in this region, including seven next year. We're also in the preliminary exploration phase for retail expansion in other parts of the world, with the goal to open in new regions in fiscal 2012. As we look forward to 2011, our focus is on gaining market share and improving profitability. To gain market share, we will continue to attract new customers to our brands through: Creative, innovative and relevant product offerings, including exclusive Internet assortments; increased investment in eCommerce; highly-targeted multi-channel marketing, including the expansion of our in-store clientele-ing services; and expansion of our brand into new categories, new markets and new geographies, including the rollout of international shipping in the back half of the year.  It is not coincidental that all these market share initiatives have an eCommerce facet to them. The Internet is our fastest growing channel and a key component of our future strategy. We have a long-standing direct-to-customer heritage, a rich house file and an expansive, digital asset portfolio that allows us to interact with our customers in ways that our competition cannot. As such, we are planning to increase our Internet investments next year to capitalize on the significant opportunity we see ahead. The Internet has changed the way our customers shop, and the online brand experience has to be inspiring and seamless.  Our customer service initiatives are also a key focus this year as we expand our clientele-ing services and in-store event programs. We believe the customer experience, whether online or in our retail stores is a significant brand differentiator, and these initiatives are engaging new customers to our brand while at the same time, allowing us to take our existing customer relationships to new levels. To improve profitability in fiscal 2011, we will implement new efficiencies in our worldwide supply chain, drive increased traffic and higher sales per square foot in our retail stores by enhancing the customer experience, and we will continue to expand eCommerce. E-Commerce is not only our fastest growing but also our most profitable channel and therefore, its growth as a percentage of total company revenues increases overall corporate profitability. As such, in 2011, Internet growth is expected to drive the Direct-to-Customer segment to 43% of total company revenues versus 41% today. From an investment perspective in fiscal 2011, we expect capital spending to be in the range of $135 million to $150 million, with over 1/3 of that in eCommerce and the supply chain that supports it. An additional $25 million is expected to be invested in incremental SG&A to support our longer-term eCommerce international and business development growth strategies. While these SG&A investments are dilutive to earnings in fiscal 2011, we expect them to begin to lever in fiscal 2012 and beyond. From a business development perspective, we will continue to invest in organic growth strategies. This has always been a key strength of ours, and we believe we should always have several great ideas under development at any time.  But we also believe that there are opportunities to acquire new businesses that could help us more quickly achieve our growth objectives, and we will assess these opportunities as they come along. Including all of these investments, we expect fiscal 2011 to be another record financial year, with net revenues increasing in the range of 4% to 6% and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share increasing in the range of 8% to 12%. Also, during 2011, we expect to return nearly $200 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. I will now turn the call over to Sharon for additional details on our 2010 performance and 2011 guidance.
Sharon Mccollam: Thank you, Laura. Good morning. As Laura said earlier, our results for the fourth quarter substantially exceeded our expectations, as the initiatives we set forth for the year delivered greater benefits than we would have expected. We could not be more pleased with this performance and are encouraged about the opportunity it signals for 2011. The P&L highlights for the fourth quarter were as follows: Net revenues increased 10% to $1.2 billion, with 17% growth in the direct-to-customer channel and 5.2% comparable store sales growth in the retail channel. Catalog circulation increased 2% but based on the benefits of burgeoning, pages mailed decreased 1%. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share increased $0.22 to $1.08 versus $0.86 last year and was $0.10 over the high-end of our guidance. Versus our guidance, higher sales growth, stronger selling margins, lower advertising costs and lower other general expenses drove these better-than-expected results. Non-GAAP gross margin increased 80 basis points to 42.3%. This improvement was primarily driven by sales leverage of fixed occupancy expenses, a reduction in inventory-related reserves, a decrease in occupancy expense dollars and a channel mix shift rate benefit due to a higher proportion of total company revenues being generated by the DTC channel. This improvement was partially offset by higher inventory shrinkage.  Non-GAAP occupancy costs in the fourth quarter were $130 million versus $132 million last year and leveraged 120 basis points. Non-GAAP SG&A decreased 130 basis points to 26.6%. This decrease was primarily driven by lower fourth quarter incentive compensation and other general expenses. This decrease was partially offset by a channel mix shift's rate impact that resulted from a higher proportion of total company revenues being generated by the DTC channel, which incurs higher advertising costs than the retail channel. I would now like to comment on our non-GAAP earnings before tax as a percentage of revenues in each of our business segments. At the total company level, fourth quarter non-GAAP earnings before tax as a percentage of revenues increased 210 basis points to 15.7%. This increase was driven by a 90-basis-point increase in the Retail segment, a 30-basis-point decline in the Direct-to-Customer segment, and a 160-basis point improvement in the Unallocated segment, which carries all corporate support costs. The 90-basis point improvement to 21.1% in the Retail segment was primarily driven by the leverage of fixed occupancy costs and a reduction in inventory-related reserves, including a 50-basis point year-over-year benefit in Williams-Sonoma Home, partially offset by increased inventory shrinkage. The 30-basis point decline to 22.1% in the Direct-to-Customer segment was primarily driven by a higher promotional cadence during the quarter across all brands, and the operating margin impact of member-based shipping in the Williams-Sonoma brand. These impacts were partially offset by the sales leverage of fixed occupancy and employment expenses. The 160-basis point improvement to 5.8% in the corporate Unallocated segment was primarily driven by lower fourth quarter incentive compensation costs and a reduction in other general expenses. Switching now to the full year, fiscal 2010 net revenues increased 13% to $3.5 billion, with 19% growth in the direct-to-customer channel and 9.8% comparable store sales growth in the retail channel.  Internet revenues increased 27%. Non-GAAP gross margin increased 350 basis points to 39.2%, driven by similar factors as Q4, plus the strong year-over-year recovery of selling margins we saw earlier in the year. On a full-year basis, non-GAAP occupancy costs were $506 million versus $515 million last year, and leveraged 220 basis points. Non-GAAP SG&A decreased 110 basis points to 29.4%, driven by lower employment costs, a decrease in other general expenses and a reduction in the total company advertising expense rate. Catalogs circulated during the year increased 1%, and catalog pages decreased 1%. And finally, non-GAAP diluted earnings per share more than doubled from $0.95 to $1.95. This increase was primarily driven by our strong recovery of $400 million in revenue at selling margins approaching historical norms, tight expense controls and the operating margin rate benefit from the continuing channel mix shift of revenue to the more profitable DTC. At the total company and segment level, non-GAAP earnings before tax as a percentage of net revenues in fiscal 2010 increased 460 basis points to 9.8%. This increase was driven by a 430-basis point increase in the Direct-to-Customer segment, a 390-basis point increase in the Retail segment, and a 40-basis point improvement in the Unallocated segment. The 430-basis point increase to a record 21.5% in the Direct-to-Customer segment was primarily driven by the optimization of advertising spend, stronger selling margins and the sales leverage of fixed occupancy and employment costs. The 390-basis point improvement to 12.9% in the Retail segment was primarily driven by sales leverage of occupancy and other fixed costs, stronger selling margins and a decrease in occupancy expense dollars. The 40-basis point improvement to 6.6% in the Unallocated segment was primarily driven by sales leverage of fixed expenses, as well as year-over-year reductions in occupancy and other expenses. I would now like to discuss our fiscal 2011 guidance. As we look forward to 2011 and net revenue growth of 4% to 6%, we are projecting an improvement in non-GAAP diluted earnings per share in the range of 8% to 12% and an improvement in our non-GAAP pretax operating margin of up to 40 basis points to a range of 9.8% to 10.2%. To drive these results, we are expecting DTC revenues to increase in the range of 9% to 12% and comparable store sales to increase in the range of 2% to 4%. Comparable brand revenue growth and new metrics that includes both retail comparable store revenues and total direct-to-customer revenues is expected to increase in the range of 6% to 8%. This new metric will be reported for the first time in Q1. At the brand level, this metric will replace our existing comparable store sales metric. However, we will continue to report comparable store sales at the total company level. Non-GAAP gross margin in fiscal 2011 is expected to increase 50 to 70 basis points, driven by 10 to 50 basis points of leverage in occupancy costs and ongoing benefits from supply chain efficiencies. In dollars, occupancy costs are conservatively estimated to increase approximately 2% to 3%. Non-GAAP SG&A in fiscal 2011 is expected to increase by 30 to 50 basis points. This increase will be primarily driven by $25 million or 70 basis points in incremental investments to support our longer-term eCommerce, international and business development growth strategies. These costs will be predominantly in IT and eCommerce headcounts and the infrastructure necessary to support them, including additional office space. This increase will be partially offset by fixed cost sales leverage of approximately 20 to 40 basis points. Fiscal year 2011 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to increase in the range of 8% to 12% to a range of $2.11 to $2.19, primarily driven by earnings flowthrough on incremental sales, partially offset by the incremental SG&A investment we just discussed. As we entered this call today, we continued to be encouraged by the performance of all of our brands and remain committed to delivering on the expectations we have set for ourselves with our shareholders. I would now like to turn the call over to Laura to discuss the Williams-Sonoma, Pottery Barn and west elm brands.
Laura Alber: Thank you, Sharon. In the Williams-Sonoma brand, fourth quarter net revenues increased 5% as Direct-to-Customer revenues reached a quarterly all-time high and comparable store sales increased 2%. From a merchandising perspective, we saw strong growth in key categories that offer innovation and great value, including electrics, cook's tools and cookware.  Our competitive promotional calendar and the launch of Williams-Sonoma Reserve shipping program, in addition to our great service and innovative and compelling merchandising strategies, drove these better-than-expected results. We are extremely pleased with the reserve program's performance and feel this is significantly enhancing our competitive positioning against other online retailers. As we enter 2011, we will execute against the following initiatives to continue to drive profitable growth and enhance the brands authority by introducing new, exclusive, innovative products; driving value across the brands to attract and engage more customers; growing customer acquisition through increased e-marketing, including the rollout of international shipping in the back half of the year; engaging our most loyal customers through in-store events, online community, social media and special programs; and expanding the reach of the brand through collaborations with the cooking community across all channels. We will also integrate Williams-Sonoma Home into the Williams-Sonoma website in the third quarter to better serve our wedding registrants and allow for a simpler shopping experience for our customers.  In the Pottery Barn brand, net revenues in the fourth quarter increased a substantially better-than-expected 12%, and the direct-to-customer channel traffic and conversion were a key focus and we achieved very strong results from our highly targeted eCommerce and catalog marketing initiatives. Comparable store sales increased 8.9%.  From a merchandising perspective, all key categories, particularly textile, furniture and decorative accessories, delivered impressive growth. Our compelling artisanal product assortment, combined with great value and a highly interactive in-store customer experience, drove these stronger-than-expected results. As we look forward to 2011, we will continue to capitalize on those initiatives that have driven Pottery Barn's strong performance all year, including a cohesive merchandise strategy in every category; a strong value proposition, including planned category promotions; a superior customer service offering, including authoritative design and entertaining services; and a greater investment in eCommerce and e-marketing to further strengthen our Internet presence. We will also continue to expand the reach of the Pottery Barn brand into new products, new markets and new geographies, including new stores in the Middle East and shipping internationally from the U.S. in the back half of the year. Now I would like to talk about Pottery Barn Kids. In the fourth quarter, Pottery Barn Kids' net revenues increased 6%, despite a 9% reduction in operating retail leased square footage. In the direct-to-customer channel, new customer acquisition was a significant focus and we achieved very strong results from our highly targeted eCommerce and catalog marketing programs. Comparable store sales increased a better-than-expected 4.6%, as our clientele-ing initiatives continue to drive increased engagement with our customers.  From a merchandising perspective, we saw positive growth across all major product categories, with particular strength in decorative accessories, nursery and textile. An expanded product assortment, a significantly improved value proposition and a traffic-generating promotional calendar drove the better-than-expected performance in these categories.  As we look forward to 2011, we will continue to focus on those initiatives that are driving customer acquisition and customer engagement, as well as profitable multichannel growth. These initiatives include: Creating inspirational and innovative designs at a great value; leveraging our strengths in multichannel retailing to deliver the best service and customer experience possible; driving growth to the Internet through improved search functionality; increased conversion and an enhanced social platform; and expanding into new markets, including new stores in the Middle East and the launch of international shipping later in the year. I would now like to talk about the PBteen brand. PBteen was one of the best performing brands in the company in the fourth quarter, as net revenues increased 23% on top of an 18% increase last year, a highly innovative product assortment, a strong value proposition and substantial growth in the customer house file drove these better-than-expected results. From a merchandising perspective, all key categories delivered strong growth as relevant holiday gift offerings, timely planned promotions and great value attracted new customers to the brand and increased traffic to our website. As we enter 2011, we will continue to build on our 2010 success. Our mission is to be the leading home furnishings destination for tweens and teens. And to achieve this objective, we will increase brand awareness by investing in highly-targeted online and off-line customer acquisition vehicles, expand the reach of the brand by offering a greater number of choices in product, price and anesthetics, and enhancing our authority as a design resource. We will increase traffic and conversion in eCommerce through improved site functionality, social networking and new levels of customer engagement; grow underserved categories through product line expansions, increased value and category dominance; and enter new markets, including launching international shipping in the back half of the year. All of these initiatives will allow us to continue to expand our rapidly growing customer base and take the brand to a new level of performance. Now I would like to discuss west elm. West elm delivered a record fourth quarter, as year-over-year revenues and operating profitability reached new highs. All key product categories delivered positive growth during the quarter and consistent with our strategy to broaden the appeal of the brand and promote purchase frequency, textiles, decorative accessories and tabletop were our strongest performing categories. New product introductions, our substantially enhanced value proposition and highly effective multi-channel marketing drove these better-than-expected results.  We were particularly pleased with the exceptional performance of eCommerce, which continued to drive significant growth in the brand. A redesigned eCommerce platform, highly productive e-marketing, and a significantly improved on-site experience for the customer drove record traffic and increased conversion, which is continuing in 2011. As we look forward to 2011, we will profitably grow the west elm brand by engaging with a broader range of customers, by rebalancing the product mix and offering the customer greater choices in product, price and aesthetics; expanding our product assortments into categories beyond furniture; creating inspirational store, web and catalog experience; and offering a compelling value proposition. We will also take advantage of opportunities that arise to expand our retail portfolio now that retail profitability is achieving new milestones. As of today, we are expecting to open two new stores in fiscal 2011, and while we are aggressively looking for additional locations to further expand the store base, we are also opportunistically closing two stores this year due to co-tenancy and initial site selection issues. We believe all of these initiatives will improve our competitive positioning and allow us to profitably grow this brand going forward. I would now like to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: My question focuses on the long-term future of the store portfolio. You gave us your detailed plans for 2011, you spoke to west elm as a growth vehicle, how do you envision store portfolio evolving in the years ahead? Do you see further consolidation in your larger brands, Sonoma, Pottery Barn, or do you say that you're at a level that you're comfortable with today?
Sharon Mccollam: Well, Matt, in the guidance this morning that we provided, we are closing an additional 20 stores next year. But I think it's important to note that in that base, five of those stores are closing that will be replaced by other brand stores, they are Home stores that are closing and we are moving the other brands into those locations. So while it looks like 20, the number is 15, plus those five stores. And now I'm going to let Laura talk about provision for the retail portfolio.
Laura Alber: We are looking at each market individually and the trade area to understand where we want to be positioned for the long term. We've done that, and I've bet on many of these chips with our Real Estate department over the past year and made some very good decisions about closing stores in markets where either, we have too many stores already or where the real estate isn't up to par with where we'd like it to be. And we've found great success in closing those stores and moving a large portion of those sales to surrounding stores. And so this continues to be our approach as going in, walking the malls ourselves and making those decisions in every market for every single brand across the country. So I imagine you're going to continue to see us consolidate in some of these multi-store markets as the opportunity arises, particularly if when we re-up the lease, we don't get a favorable rent deal, you may see us close a store. We also see some markets performing better, and new markets are out there that we believe we can open stores in. We do see more opportunity in Canada, as an example, to open stores in areas where we don't have them today. But we are in no rush and it's going to be based on whether we can achieve the retail profitability benchmarks that we've set for ourselves.
Operator: And our next question will come from Matt Nemer with Wells Fargo Securities.
Matt Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Two questions. First, on the $25 million in incremental SG&A, have you factored any incremental revenue from international shipping into your back half guidance? And then secondly, I realize it's early, but on Williams-Sonoma Reserve, can you talk to what you're seeing in terms of average order values, and I guess margins on those orders?
Sharon Mccollam: Matt, as it relates to international shipping in the back half, we have some very conservative assumptions in the back half. And I would say that if the program is as successful as we believe it can be and why we are investing in the program, we certainly could see some upside to those numbers in the back half. On Williams-Sonoma Reserve, we've been in the program now for a quarter and we believe that the information around Williams-Sonoma Reserve is very competitive. So we are going to not be releasing metrics on the program today. We'll think about it, maybe at some point in the future. But right now, we are out there and we're one of the few that are, and we really feel like this is something that we need to keep internally here at Williams-Sonoma.
Operator: And next in queue, we have Budd Bugatch with Raymond James.
TJ McConville: It's actually TJ McConville filling in for Budd. The question, Sharon, is about some of the guidance. You give us a lot of the detail on the puts and takes, specifically the gross margin guidance. It looks like you're assuming some fixed occupancy leverage. How about some of the other buckets in there? What are the assumptions for things like maybe first costs, or any of the other items you've got in there?
Sharon Mccollam: I think we've taken a pretty conservative approach to first cost. Basically, we've talked all year and in the last conference call, about the fact that while we see substantial increases in commodity costs, we can talk about cotton, we can talk about, now fuel, that we are in a position to have some offsets that are unique to Williams-Sonoma. And so in 2011, we believe at this time that we will be able to hold our own in the cost of March. From the other categories, we continue to see the benefits from our supply chain initiatives, but of course, we, like all retailers, have had to clay in an assumption for higher fuel costs and we've done so. So that would be the picture. Clearly, occupancy is going to lever substantially and we'll continue to make progress in that as we close stores and we continue to optimize the real estate portfolio.
Operator: And next, we have a question from Colin McGranahan with Sanford Bernstein.
Colin McGranahan - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Question is on DTC margins. Obviously it was a little bit more promotion when you had the cost of shipping in there. Can you give us a little quantification in the quarter of how much shipping pressure DTC margins and whether the promotional cadence was planned or you've found you had to step up given the environment? And then thinking about DTC margins going forward, that clearly some of the investments that you're making in eCommerce will impact those DTC margins. So would you expect those to be up for the year, or would you expect them to be down for the year?
Sharon Mccollam: In growth margin for next year -- let's talk about the gross margins for the fourth quarter and the promotional cadence. If you go back to our third quarter conference call transcript, you'll see, Colin, that we talked about the fact that this was a strategy for us to introduce enhanced value to our customers. And we think that, that strategy is attracting new customers to our brand and allowing us to deliver the kind of results that we delivered here today. So it was planned and we will continue to look at programs like Williams-Sonoma Reserve if we believe that they can drive enough incremental revenue to pay for themselves. We're not going to implement programs that don't bring top line revenue. But on the other hand, what we don't want to do, and this is really important to us, is what we don't want to do is to get obsessed with operating margin metrics and then leave sales on the table because we are not doing what we need to do to introduce new customers to the brand.
Operator: And next, we'll hear from Neely Tamminga with Piper Jaffray.
Neely Tamminga - Piper Jaffray Companies: How are you feeling about outdoors, some of the discretionary entertainment categories, et cetera?
Laura Alber: Neely, you got cut off at the beginning of your question. Would you mind repeating it?
Neely Tamminga - Piper Jaffray Companies: Sure. I'm just wondering how some of the difference spring -- how some of these key discretionary categories like outdoor, entertainment, et cetera, and what that might be telling you about the consumer when you're gaining some share?
Sharon Mccollam: Laura, would you like to take that?
Laura Alber: It's early. The outdoor season, really starts a little bit later than today, but our initial results are good so far. And we also had strong response to our seasonal holidays, Valentine's Day and Easter, albeit, its later this year, its off to a good start.
Operator: And next, we have Christian Buss [ThinkEquity LLC].
Christian Buss - ThinkEquity LLC: Wondering if you can provide some more color for us on the incremental CapEx and SG&A spend, maybe bucket for us where that spending is going?
Sharon Mccollam: Absolutely. As I think we mentioned in the prepared remarks that about 1/3 of it is going into eCommerce and the supply chain that is supporting eCommerce. We continue to see eCommerce as the fastest-growing channel. You can see it in the numbers, and we are investing in both new functionality on the site search. It's all the things, Christian, that you would expect from that standpoint. We are also opening some new stores, as I've said earlier. We closed five of our Williams-Sonoma Home stores but we're also opening additional stores in our brands. We're opening the new west elm stores. We're doing some refreshers and remodels, of course, of our existing store base, which we think is critical and we will continue to have an ongoing base level of capital invested in that. We are also investing in enhanced technology in our stores. And I think there's some -- this goes along with the conversation about comparable brand revenue reporting because in our stores, our associates are interacting with customers, and customers want to interact in multiple mediums, both the personal interaction and then of course there's the technology interaction. So we'll be continuing to invest there as well. Also, we are making investments in our East Coast distribution consolidation. We talked about completing Phase I and of course, we'll have Phase II to complete this year and that will be done by the third quarter.
Operator: Next, we have Matt McGinley, ISI Group, McGinley.
Matthew McGinley: Can you please tell me about what you're seeing in regards to promotion trends in the category? And do you see your tight inventories as preventing you from being price competitive in some categories? As a follow-up to the CapEx question, can you talk about the gain you would expect to see on the CapEx in the year?
Sharon Mccollam: Laura, would you talk about those promotional environments?
Laura Alber: The promotional environment continued across all retailers. You can see everybody, big bucks, including specialty, running, different promotions. Some of them -- we track them. Some of them are the same that they run every year, and then there's additional promotions out there and it's clear that this is going to continue on until the customer is more comfortable. So we are mindful of that and we're bringing better value into our designs to combat that. And an excellent innovative design is always the best defense against promotions and copies at lower prices. But also, we are working very hard to deliver great value to our customers. And as we continue to make supply chain improvements, we are passing along a portion of those improvements to our customer in terms of better pricing, which we think is very important. Our inventory, as we beat our sales, there are areas, pockets of inventory where we're a little tight and where we are replenishing core inventories and seasonal inventories in some cases, and seeing new categories take off faster than expected. And so obviously, when that happens, you don't have to take a markdown, which is a wonderful thing because we love regular price selling. And I don't believe in those cases that it's impacting our competitiveness because, clearly, the demand is very strong in those categories and our promotion wasn't needed. On CapEx, Sharon, do you want to...
Sharon Mccollam: The capital spending, I think what your question was, Greg is, is there incremental revenue included in the guidance for the capital? And I need to take the capital in some buckets in order to answer that question. Clearly, the biggest increase in our investment this year is in eCommerce. And eCommerce functionality will be rolled out through the year. So you have a rollout that happens and of course, you're not getting the full benefit of that for the entire year as we implement the different phases of our strategy. First, it's another area that we are very focused, customer engagement. You've heard Laura in each of her prepared remarks about each of the brands. Customer engagement is an important issue. Social media is a key focus of ours right now. Mobile is big. But the issue with those is you need to be there, you need to start interacting in those channels and the revenue is going to follow in future periods. So those are areas where you have to be there. It drives the customer engagement, but the revenue is hard to project and we'll do a better job of that as we learn more about it along with other multi-channel retailers. On the DC side, we will see benefit from Phase II of our distribution consolidation, and you are seeing some expense savings of that but we won't actually be doing that until the third quarter. So again, that capital goes in this year, but you'd get the full year benefit in 2012. So I think that Laura articulated it perfectly in her prepared remarks. We're investing capital this here and these investments will create some de-leverage this year on the bottom line, but we expect to start seeing some benefits for this capital to come into 2012 and beyond.
Operator: And our next question will come from David Magee with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
David Magee - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: My question has to do with the international shipping later this year. How well-known is your brand overseas? Or I guess where's your brand best known overseas? And how do you gauge what the demand might be? And is this something that could be meaningful in the second half of the year to the overall numbers?
Sharon Mccollam: I'm going to let Pat Connolly take that question, Dave. It's a great question.
Pat Connolly: David, we think that over the long term, our brands have great appeal internationally, and the anecdotal evidence is very strong in terms of brand recognition. We have -- although Canada is close to the United States, weve had great success in Canada. We've had very good success in the Middle East. And so we think we can continue that around the world. And this first program of international ordering and shipping will give us a strong indication of where and which countries have the greatest promise. Certainly, we know that the ones that are primarily English speaking in the beginning have that but we also see other opportunities.
Operator: And next, we have Anthony Chukumba with BB&T Capital Markets.
Anthony Chukumba - BB&T Capital Markets: Just had a quick question on west elm in one of the international markets. In terms of west elm, you commented on how it was a record Q4 for sales and profitability, some of them seems to be going very well there. So I guess I was a little surprised that you're not going to have any net store openings, or you're going to open two and close two. I just would have expected you to be a little more aggressive in terms of opening stores. I just want to kind of reconcile those two. And then just in international, you mentioned entering a new international market in 2012. And I was just wondering if that would be through another sort of licensing, sort of franchising agreement that would be like a company-owned store?
Sharon Mccollam: On your comments about west elm stores, what we have been doing is setting benchmarks and metrics for west elm and as they achieve them, we are getting more aggressive about retail store openings. Clearly, we have been talking about better-than-expected performance of west elm now for four consecutive quarters. And Anthony, as you do that, then you are starting to look at real estate. You're getting more confident. You're moving forward. So while we have two stores right now, our real estate teams are aggressively looking for additional real estate. I suspect there are scenarios under which we might see additional, maybe a few additional stores this year. A small number, we're not committing to that, but I will say that for 2012, we would expect that number to be greater. The other thing you don't want us to do is to miss these opportunities to close stores where we are in a situation where the recession created co-tenancy failure that is not being resolved, or where we believe that the initial site selection isn't optimal for the west elm brand. So what we -- from an investor point of view and from a company point of view, we want to continue to take advantage of those opportunities and not hang on to real estate for the long-term that is unhelpful, just so that we can show a net increase in the number of stores.
Laura Alber: On the international question, we're in the preliminary stages of looking at where to go and how to go. We're building our international team here and we're going to bring great experience into the company and that's going to help us really cement this plan for how we go overseas, but at this point, we don't have specific plans. We are open to all ways of going and each market is very different, depending on the political climate and the ease of entry to the market and how much help we need. The thing that is most critical to us is that wherever we open stores, we want them to have the same standard of excellence as we do for our stores in the United States, and that is our commitment.
Operator: And next, we have Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Austin Pauls: This is Austin Pauls in for Scot. My question is on the continued growth you expect to see in eCommerce. Is it possible at all to break out the biggest drivers there, whether it's higher traffic or increased conversion rates? And also, does the growth there assume continued channel shift from your retail locations?
Sharon Mccollam: Austin, we would tell you that there is nothing that we are doing in eCommerce that is not driving incremental revenue. Clearly, we have had stated objectives as it relates to driving increased traffic and conversion. We have said consistently that we are redeploying catalog circulation into e-marketing to enhance the revenues, actually of all channels. We continue to see that where we redeploy catalog advertising costs, and this of course has to be measured, we see not only incremental revenues in the eCommerce channel, but we also see incremental revenues go to the retail channel. So this is a very fine -- you have to square root this, it requires a lot of square-rooting. But truly, everything Laura talked about in her prepared remarks about the brands, all of those initiatives are driving increased revenue. The one that we continue to be excited about and we continue to figure out ways to measure and to grow, because we do believe it's so important is going to be the area of social media. And thats an area where we're making some investments this year and we're going to know a lot more about that as we get more aggressive into that arena.
Operator: And the next question will come from Chris Horvers with JPMorgan.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I want to focus on the cash on the balance sheet. Assuming that you return a bit over the $125 million in repurchase and $70 million to $80 million in dividend, it looks like, on my projections, you would end with an excess, I don't know -- you've maintained about $600 million on your balance sheet. Just curious, how you're thinking about that. Is that keeping the powder dry for a potentially store acceleration in '12 internationally? Is that maybe attack on brand acquisition, or is it just a function of getting through the $125 million of repurchase and then authorizing more?
Sharon Mccollam: This is Sharon. We believe that in this post recession period, first of all, we have said consistently that we want to keep approximately $300 million on the balance sheet at any point in time in order to ensure that we are not dependent, in any way, on the capital market. So I don't know how long we will want to do that but at this point in the back of our minds, there is still a sense of security that needs to be held on corporate balance sheet. As we look at the return of capital to shareholders next year, when you combine the share repurchase program with the dividend that we are paying, including the 13% increase we announced this morning, that's $200 million that we're returning. And we will continue to assess our cash balances. We as a management team, and the board, do not believe that holding large cash balances earning very small returns because of such low interest rates is good for shareholders. But we do believe that dry powder to do big, to be able to accelerate our growth objectives, is good for the company. So we're just taking a look at that. We've already announced $125 million and we're only one month into the quarter. So give us some time and we'll keep looking at it.
Operator: And next, we have Brad Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Bradley Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: I was hoping that you all could just provide a little bit more color around the trends that you're seeing in your selling margin. I believe you noted that the 4Q results were better than your expectations but at the same time, noted a higher level of promotions that you were seeing in DTC. And to that end, if you could talk a little bit more about the pricing trends. I know that over last year you've had a great deal of success, pulling out lower price point items, is that something that can continue given some of the inflationary pressures?
Sharon Mccollam: I'm going to let Laura speak to the rolling out of value in our brands, because it is a key objective for us in several of the brand picture. So Laura, why don't you talk about that? And then I'll talk about the gross margin and the guidance.
Laura Alber: The pricing trends are really product by product and we have four brands with very different products in them from anchovies to armoires, we like to say around here, and each one has a different elasticity of demand and changing every day. And we also have different opportunities by product category. So I could say one thing about our textile programs and of course, there's pricing pressure there. And we're working very hard to hold our retailers so we don't increase them. We are seeing our competitors raise their retails. We're tracking that closely and a lot of people are raising their towel prices, their sheet prices everywhere from the big boxes to specialty, we're seeing price increases happen there. So that's a very different situation than exclusively designed furniture in our Sutter Street operation. So it's a hard thing to give a categorical generalized answer to. I guess my best answer is that, across every single brand in every category, we are studying the market and understanding how we can deliver value to our customer and making sure that there's a reason to buy it from us. And that reason may be that we have a very competitive price, it may be that it's exclusive to us and very new, it may be that it goes with the rest of the assortment and therefore, it's the perfect pillow add-on to the rug. And each one of those factors goes into how we price a product. We saw further -- I guess, more acceleration than we expected as we dropped some prices during the holiday season. In some categories, the customer was extremely interested in buying our promotions and that is the reference point we made to more promotional activities and higher demand driven by promotions in the fourth quarter. So I hope that answers your question somewhat. And we will continue to, as I said, watch it, study it, and test new things and find areas where we should potentially raise prices and/or drop prices.
Sharon Mccollam: And then when you think about the margin, that is the selling margin that's inherent in the guidance that we provided this morning, as I said earlier, we are going to have -- we see some cost pressure next year, we're working on offsetting that. We have assumed that we will be able to force into some of the value that we offered this year, particularly in brands like west elm. So we will see some expansion of the selling margin coming from that area but I think we need to be conservative and we were in our guidance about potential additional inflationary issues that may come up as we progress through the year. One thing I will point out is that versus our peak selling margins that we delivered in 2005, we talked a lot about this in our fourth quarter call last year, we are still 75 basis points, 75 to 100 basis points off of that peak. So we still have a lot of runway in front of us to recover that if we believe that, that is the best strategy to continue to grow the company. One area that, for instance, one area that we may choose -- there's different ways to deal with pricing. Pricing comes in merchandise price, but it also comes in the value that you offer to a customer through shipping. And this year, as you know from Laura's prepared remarks, we did reduce our shipping -- we increased or enhanced our shipping value to our customers, reduced our shipping to our customers and we offset it with some supply chain efficiencies. So we will not stand on the sidelines and not -- and be more promotional in that area, if we believe that it can drive substantial incremental revenue.
Operator: And next, we have Peter Benedict with Robert Baird.
Peter Benedict - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Just one follow-up on that last question, just Sharon, kind of continue on your thoughts there on the long-term operating margin potential for the business, that was some good insights into the selling margin but I think in the past, you've kind of indicated maybe something 12% or better. Where do you thinking about that right now and how you would get there, if that's the direction you want to go? And then secondly, on that $25 million of incremental SG&A that's coming in, in 2011, should we assume that, that line item goes to zero in 2012? Or does it just remain flattish at around $25 million and that's how you get the leverage?
Sharon Mccollam: As it relates to the investment -- this is obviously a significant investment for us. We are very tight with our SG&A dollars. You guys know that, you've followed us for years. But again, if we see opportunity to be able to expand our business, you're always going to have to invest in front of it. So if we decide to make a substantial investment in international, of course, you're going to see some additional dollars come into those numbers. But I feel like this year, this was a significant investment for us, and we believe that a good chunk of that will sustain us for a couple of years to come. As it relates to your operating margin question, I again just want to reiterate that what we don't want to do is obsess over the operating margin and start getting married to those if we can drive increased revenue. However, answering your question, I did mention previously, that we are still about 75 to 100 basis points off of our peak selling margins. We are also still 150 basis points. Our 2005 was our best reported year. We are still 150 basis points on occupancy away from that number. It's 150 to 190, something like that. So in that area, when you just add those two together, if you could just recover those, not there you go with the number that you threw out earlier. But we just want to be -- you guys, what we're focused on right now is growth. We see significant growth in front of this business and we believe that we are gaining market share, and it's profitable. You can see it in the Q4 results, highly profitable market share. So we're just not going to spend as much time obsessing on these little basis points on the operating margins.
Operator: And we have time for one more question. That will come from Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer.
Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Just one quick maintenance question. As you look at the gross margin for the fourth quarter, in your release and then your prepared comments, you called out the 40 basis points from the Williams-Sonoma Home issue, was that embedded in the initial guidance you gave a couple of months ago?
Sharon Mccollam: Yes. There was -- a big piece of that was embedded in there, and the reason for that is because we could see the liquidation initiative being very successful, particularly coming into the fourth quarter. We're actually struggling  I mean we ran out of inventory in Williams-Sonoma Home, they just did an exceptional job of transitioning out of the retail channel, and then of course, holding only the inventory we need for DTC. So yes, it was. A significant piece of it was already inherent in our guidance.
Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Okay, perfect. And the second question I have, at the risk of being repetitive, I know we've discussed occupancy costs a lot. But given the adjustments you've made with the business model thus far, and then some of the other adjustments you'll make as we push into 2011 with respect to store closings, how should we think about the actual growth decline and that occupancy cost line for the next several quarters?
Sharon Mccollam: Well, the good news or the bad news is that landlords are still very proud of their real estate, so we're going to have lease expirations. We're going to have negotiations with landlords on these leases and we are going to stay in the best locations in this country. So I've already guided for you or given you a preview of this year at 2% to 3% increase in occupancy. Now a piece of that, which I'm sure youve picked up from Laura's prepared remarks, is coming from the new office space in San Francisco as we add all of these people. Of course, we need additional space to support that. So in the retail side, we're closing -- net-net, youve got 20 closings next year. You've got some closings next year. You'll have closings out there. So between those and the negotiation we're doing with the landlords, we feel that you're going to see increases probably in the low-single digits, would be my guess.
Operator: And that is all the time we have for questions today. I'd like to turn the call back to Laura Alber for any closing remarks.
Laura Alber: Thank you all for joining us today. We appreciate your time and your support, and we'll talk to you next quarter. Have a great day.
Operator: And thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your time and support, and we will talk to you next quarter. Have a great day.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-05-20 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Laura Alber - President W. Lester - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Member of Incentive Award Committee Sharon Mccollam - Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President Pat Connolly - Chief Marketing Officer, Executive Vice President, Director and Member of Incentive Award Committee Stephen Nelson - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: David Magee - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets Oliver Chen Tiffany Wade Christian Buss - Thomas Weisel Partners Equity Research Joseph Feldman - Telsey Advisory Group Bradley Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Austin Pauls Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co TJ McConville Jennifer Milan - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc. Vincent Sinisi - BofA Merrill Lynch Matt Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Robert Higginbotham - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Laura Champine - Cowen and Company, LLC Neely Tamminga - Piper Jaffray Companies Avery Marie Sheffield
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma Inc. First Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Steve Nelson, Director of Investor Relations, to discuss non-GAAP measures and forward-looking statements.
Stephen Nelson: Good morning. This morning's conference call should be considered in conjunction with the press release that we issued earlier today. Our press release and this call contain non-GAAP financial measures that exclude the impact of unusual business events. These non-GAAP financial measures are provided to facilitate meaningful year-over-year comparisons. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, and an explanation of why these non-GAAP financial measures are useful are discussed in Exhibit 1 of the press release. The forward-looking statements included in this morning's call constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, guidance, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2010 and beyond, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company's current press releases and SEC filings for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that may arise after this call. I will now turn the conference call over to Howard Lester, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
W. Lester: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today is Laura Alber, our next CEO; Pat Connolly, our Chief Marketing Officer; and Sharon McCollam, our Chief Operating and Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to begin today by sharing with you my perspective on the strength of our operating results in the first quarter, and then I'll turn the call over to Sharon and Laura for more details on the quarter and the balance of the year. But before I begin, I'd like to take a moment to thank all of you who have supported us here at Williams-Sonoma over the past 30 years. As I approach my retirement next week, I could not help but reflect on the contribution that so many have made to our collective success. First and foremost, I want to thank our Associates, who have dedicated their careers to building our dreams and serving our customers. I'd also like to thank our supply chain partners, our landlords and our service providers for all they've contributed as well. And then, of course, there all of you, our shareholders. What's amazing to me now is that as much as it has been a joy and an honor to lead this great company, I'm finding equal joy in watching the people who have been crucial to building it over the past decades take the helm. While it is so bittersweet to step away, I'm doing so at a time when our management team, led by Laura, has never been stronger, and our future has never been brighter. There's no better evidence of this than our first quarter results. Our revenue growth was 17%, non-GAAP diluted earnings per share increased $0.37 to $0.23 versus a $0.14 loss last year. This is our highest first quarter non-GAAP diluted EPS in history, and our operating margin is at a peak levels as well. It represents what's possible when a strategy is well executed and centered on the company's most important asset, its customers. While cost containment and inventory management were critical, there was equal focus on our brand proposition and the customer experience. Collectively, these initiatives transformed our business. And we are now a structurally more profitable and efficient company as demonstrated by these results and the momentum is continuing. As such, our guidance has been increased to reflect the upside. Revenue growth for fiscal year 2010 is now expected to be in the range of 6% to 9% and diluted earnings per share in the range of $1.39 to $1.48. I really have to commend the entire management team for having the ability to drive the performance that we've seen over the past several quarters. But particularly, Laura and Sharon, for their extraordinary leadership during these unprecedented times. I could not be more proud of what these teams have accomplished. I'll now turn the call over to Sharon to discuss the details of the first quarter.
Sharon Mccollam: Thank you so much, Howard. Good morning, everyone. Our first quarter performance once again substantially exceeded our expectations. The P&L highlights were as follows: Net revenues increased 17% to $718 million; retail net revenues increased 15%, including a comparable store sales increase of 17%; direct-to-customer net revenues increased 20%, despite catalog and paid circulation reductions of 3% and 4% respectively; Internet revenues were up 24%; non-GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.23 versus a loss of $0.14 last year. These results were above both the high end of our guidance and the first call consensus estimate. Stronger-than-expected sales and greater-than-expected full price selling drove these better-than-expected results. GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.18, including a $0.03 charge associated with underperforming retail stores and a $0.02 charge associated with CEO retirement expenses. Non-GAAP gross margin increased 770 basis points to 37.8% in the first quarter. This improvement was driven by reduced markdown activity, sales leverage of fixed occupancy expenses, a 40 basis points improvement in replacements and damages expense and an actual decrease in occupancy expense dollars. For the quarter, our non-GAAP occupancy expense was the lowest in four years. And we have increased our permanent store closings this year from 14 to 18. And finally, non-GAAP SG&A expense decreased 200 basis points to 31.9%. This decrease was primarily driven by sales leverage of fixed SG&A expenses, partially offset by increased incentive compensation, Internet advertising and other general expenses. From a balance sheet perspective, first quarter year-over-year highlights were as follows: Cash and cash equivalents increased over $300 million to a Q1 record of $405 million; merchandise inventory decreased $46 million or 8% to $502 million; and the historical comparison to put this reduction in perspective on a similar revenue base to Q1 2005, we are operating with 4% less inventory despite having 58 more stores and 29% more retail lease square footage. Prepaid expenses decreased $23 million to $38 million, primarily driven by a reduction in prepaid income taxes. And Accounts Payable increased $48 million or 37% to $178 million, primarily driven by the timing of merchandise receipt late in the quarter. I would now like to briefly discuss our second quarter and fiscal year 2010 guidance. Based on our strong first quarter results and the ongoing momentum we are seeing today, we are incorporating all of the upside we saw in the first quarter into our full year guidance. We are also conservatively increasing our second quarter guidance.  In the second quarter, net revenue growth is now expected to be in the range of 9% to 12% versus previous guidance of 4% to 7%. And non-GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $0.16 to $0.20 versus previous guidance of $0.08 to $0.12 per share. For the third and fourth quarters, we are waiting to update our guidance until our next earnings release in August, so that we have more visibility to the sustainability of the trends that are driving our results today. We continue to believe that there is risk of volatility in the economy over the next several quarters, as consumer spending begins to compare against significantly higher numbers in the back half of 2009. So in total, our updated full year guidance will be as follows: Net revenues are now expected to increase in the range of 6% to 9%; non-GAAP diluted earnings per share are now expected to be in the range of $1.39 to $1.48 per share versus $0.95 last year, and that includes $510 million of occupancy expense; and GAAP diluted earnings per share, including $0.06 of unusual business events, is now expected to be in the range of $1.33 to $1.42 versus $0.72 last year. From a balance sheet perspective, we're maintaining our fiscal year-end inventory guidance in the range of $470 million to $ 515 million and holding our annual capital spending guidance at the high end of our previous range at $75 million. I'd now like to turn the call over to Laura to discuss the performance of our brands.
Laura Alber: Thank you, Sharon. Good morning. As Howard said earlier, the momentum we are seeing in our business today is very encouraging. In our core brands, net revenue in the first quarter of 2010 increased a better-than-expected 19%. Pottery Barn saw the greatest improvement, closely followed by Pottery Barn Kids. In our emerging brands, including west elm, PBteen and Williams-Sonoma Home, net revenues increased 11%. In the Williams-Sonoma brand, net revenues increased a better-than-expected 8%. Comparable store sales increased 11% and selling margins continue to rebound towards historical levels. From a merchandising perspective, we saw strong growth across several categories, with particular strength in cookware, cook tools and electrics. We also saw a better-than-expected consumer response to our seasonal assortment for Valentine's Day and Easter. As we look forward to the second quarter and balance of the year, we will continue to execute against those initiative that are driving momentum in the business today including new and exclusive product introductions, strategic price points and targeted promotions and innovative marketing strategies, particularly in the areas of e-commerce, social media and in-store events. All these initiative are driving new customers to the brand and affirming the brand's authority as a premier destination for high-quality cooking and home-entertaining essentials. In the Williams-Sonoma Home brand, we continue to make progress on the restructuring. And as expected, we are successful in reducing the brand's year-over-year non-GAAP operating loss by approximately $0.01 per diluted share in the first quarter. Aggressive inventory management and strong expense controls drove these improved result. Remaining assets on the balance sheet at the end of the first quarter were $13 million, including $8 million of inventory. In the Pottery Barn brand, net revenues in the first quarter increased a better-than-expected 25% versus a 26% decline last year, with ongoing momentum in both the retail and direct-to-customer channels. Comparable store sales increased 23%. From a merchandising perspective, all key categories, particularly furniture, textiles and decorative accessories delivered strong growth. We also saw a robust consumer response to our seasonal theme. From an operational perspective during the quarter, gross margin continue to improve due to the cumulative benefits of our inventory management and supply chain initiative. We are particularly encouraged by the success of our Asian sourcing initiatives as we improve quality, develop exclusive design and partner with our vendors to control cost. We see this as a significant competitive advantage and barrier to entry for the competition. In the direct-to-customer channel, we have continued to shift our investment from marginal catalog circulation to Internet marketing, which is driving incremental growth and new customer acquisition. Our new e-commerce platform continues to deliver significant benefits as we gain more expertise in utilizing its flexibility in-site merchandising, optimizing natural search and further engaging the brand in social media. As we look forward to the second quarter and the balance of the year, we see great opportunity to gain market share by capitalizing on the initiative that have raised our performance to the levels we are seeing today. As such, we will continue to provide great products at a great value and expand into merchandising categories where we see opportunities in the marketplace. We will also continue to improve the customer experience through in-store clienteling and enhanced functionality on the website. E-commerce is our fastest growing and most profitable channel across all brands. And as a company, we are identifying new opportunities to build brand awareness and customer engagement through search e-mail modeling, affiliate program and enhanced functionality. Now I would like to talk about Pottery Barn Kids. During the first quarter, net revenues increased a substantially better-than-expected 21% versus the decline of 27% in the first quarter of 2009. E-commerce sales were particularly strong, but were offset by a 9% reduction in retail lease square footage. Comparable store sales increased 23%. From a merchandising perspective, all key categories, particularly textiles, furniture and decorative accessories and the all-important nursery category delivered strong growth. We also saw a significantly better-than-expected consumer response to our newly-introduced entry price point assortment and value-messaging initiative. From an operational perspective during the quarter, a strong inventory management and promotion strategy, coupled with significant cost reductions in the supply chain, drove a substantial year-over-year improvement in gross margin. We also saw a significant improvement in our store operating expense structure due to strategic store closings and benefits associated with labor scheduling. As we look forward to the second quarter and the balance of the year, the foundation of our growth strategy is great products at a great value, and we are continuing to expand this assortment to attract new customers to the brand. We are also leveraging the late 2009 launch of our new e-commerce platform and database marketing tools to enhance the relevancy of our customer interaction and make social community an intrinsic part of our online experience. I would now like to talk about the Pottery Barn Teen brand. Pottery Barn Teen continues to be the best performing brand in the company as net revenues increased a better-than-expected 22% versus only a 17% decrease last year. Selling margins were also ahead of expectations. From a merchandising perspective, we saw high teens or better growth across all major categories and new entry price point products continue to be both top sellers and new customer acquisition vehicles. As we look forward to the second quarter and the balance of the year, we will continue to drive profitable growth through the introduction of entry price points, expand our assortment and make social community a key aspect of the brand experience. Finally, I would like to talk about west elm. During the first quarter, we saw a substantial improvement in the performance of west elm on both the top and bottom lines. And we continue to be encouraged by the impact we are seeing from small changes in the areas of merchandising and visual presentation. All key product categories, particularly textile, furniture and tabletop, delivered strong growth during the quarter. A strong consumer response to the early rollout of our value and promotional strategies also contributed to these better-than-expected results. As we look forward to the second quarter and the balance of the year, there are several strategic and tactical initiative that we believe can meaningfully accelerate the growth and profitability of the brand. These initiatives include broadening the aesthetic to appeal to a wider range of customers, increasing the penetration of opening price points, expanding the non-furniture assortment to rebalance the product mix and enhancing customer engagement through warm and inviting multi-channel lifestyle marketing. We will also continue to take advantage of the opportunity to rationalize our retail footprint. While our long-term strategy for this brand is to expand our retail store base, we have locations that have been greatly impacted by the recession that continue to be a challenge. And as such, we are expecting to close an additional two stores between now and the end of the year.  We believe all these initiatives will allow us to improve our competitive positioning and profitably grow the west elm brand over the next several years. Before I open the call for questions, I would like to congratulate Howard on his retirement. It is his vision and inspiration that have made this company great and the strong culture that he has built that will keep it vibrant. I would now like to open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today will come from Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Higginbotham - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: It's actually Robert Higginbotham in for Matt. A question on merchandising margin. I may have missed it. Forgive me if I did, but could you give us a sense of what your merchandising margin improvement was for the quarter? And as part of that, maybe let us know if that was above, below plan, and as you look at that result, does that change at all your, kind of, longer-term expectations for a operating margin potential?
Sharon Mccollam: Robert, our improvement in the gross margin, you're talking about the selling gross margin I assume. And that was an approximate 250 basis point improvement. It was clearly the reduction in markdown activity was significantly better than we expected. The reasons we beat this quarter was twofold. It was the stronger topline sales, and then secondly, the selling margin was better than we hoped. It's still not yet -- as we look at the year, we still don't see the year at peak levels. But we are getting, in Q1, we are getting very close to peak levels or exceeding those for different reasons, most of it comes from supply chain. So we are feeling very good and very confident in our ability over time to recover our historical selling margins. This is the first quarter where we've really seen this level of improvement, and it's very encouraging for all of us.
Operator: Our next question will come from Matt Nemer with Wells Fargo Securities.
Matt Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: I just wanted to ask about the Internet sales growth. Could you comment on whether that's coming from traffic or conversion? And then as a follow-up, can you remind us what your plans are to integrate the websites with the stores, i.e. ship to store, return to store, et cetera?
Sharon Mccollam: I'm going to let Pat take the questions. Pat, would you like to speak to the Internet please?
Pat Connolly: Matt, we've had good success across all aspects of the web, both traffic and conversion. And in terms of -- and we're very pleased especially with some of the Internet marketing efforts that Laura alluded to in her prepared remarks. We see continuing opportunity ahead of us there. And we are looking at a number of initiatives regarding how we can further integrate the web with our stores and utilize our customer data to help our associates do a better job of serving our customers. We've already got some of these initiatives in place and we're seeing some very good results from them.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Alan Rifkin, Bank of America Securities.
Vincent Sinisi - BofA Merrill Lynch: This is Vincent Sinisi in for Alan. My first question is dealing with the customer improvement that you're seeing, both from basically across-the-board. Sharon, do you have any color whether those customers are coming from existing accounts, are they coming from your house file? Or are you seeing new customers entering the stores?
Sharon Mccollam: They're coming from both. And I'd like to let Laura speak to the strength of the growth of our house file because we've had some very impressive numbers. So Laura, would you like to speak to that?
Laura Alber: We have been extremely focused on our customers, both new customers, retained customers, reactivated customers, and we've put a lot of strategies in place to drive these results. And we are seeing improvements, particularly in the Pottery Barn brands with all metrics. But across all brands, we are also seeing new customers come both into retail and our direct-to-consumer channels. And it's great, it's just great news for the future because the more customers we have on the file, the better able we are to profitably mail them in the future.
Operator: Budd Bugatch with Raymond James and Associates has our next question.
TJ McConville: This is actually TJ filling in for Budd. First, is to the inventories, I know last quarter, we talked about how there was a shift going on from furniture to non-furniture categories. I think, Laura, you talked about that a little bit in your prepared commentary. How far are we through that process and how much further is there to go is one question. Another question is on the direct channel in the Catalog business. It looks like you took out the guidance for the catalog circulation for the second quarter. What was it that caused that change? Have you cut into a little muscle here with some of the recent reductions and any comments you have there?
Sharon Mccollam: Let me speak first to your question, TJ, about the furniture to the proportion of our total sales. Actually, we have not seen a significant change in that as a percentage of total company. We've been running around 29%. We are just slightly above that, getting closer to 30%. But we're in that 29% to 30% range. So there is not a shift, as far as our total company revenues away from furniture. I think when you go back to the prepared remarks that we had in Q1 or in the fourth quarter, that the comment that Laura made is that we are not wanting to grow the mix of furniture. It is not that we are seeing the furniture that we currently offer to the customer become less proportional as a percentage of our mix, so as a total company. So then, I'll let Laura speak to the strategies of catalog circulation because the majority of those changes are actually in the Pottery Barn brand.
Laura Alber: We had a very robust and thorough process to look at each mailing every single month. And the earlier comments I made about new customers and better customer performance allows us to mail more catalogs profitably. And it's very exciting. We're also seeing great response to our smaller mailers. We put in the mail stream some smaller mailers, the PB Dorm, the gear guide, and those allow us to reach more customers more profitably. And we're very, very excited about the long-term potential of that strategy as well.
Sharon Mccollam: And TJ, it's important to note that when you're looking at page circulation, which is what we guide, I'm sorry, catalog circulation, we don't guide page circulation per se, and you've got to remember that every one of those books we put in Home gets treated as a catalog, and all catalogs are not equal.
Operator: Next is Kate McShane with Citigroup.
Oliver Chen: It's Oliver Chen on behalf of Kate McShane. Our question was about the near term global macroeconomic events and the stock market volatility. Do you think it will have an adverse impact on future spending patterns and the psychology of your customers and if there's a correlation in your view? And our follow-up question was related to gross margins at the back half, other companies are speaking view potential sourcing transportation inflation, and it looks like you're up against 500 basis points of a tougher comparison versus guiding through on 400 in second quarter. Is there anything we should know about modeling, that in the back half? Will occupancy dollar declines, which are very impressive, give decline a potential offset?
Sharon Mccollam: Okay, let me speak to our perspective on the macro environment. As we said in our prepared remarks, we do continue to believe that as we come up against the higher consumer confidence numbers in the back half of the year and which equated to higher consumer spending in the back half, we are continuing to be cautious. We put this cautious guidance out there in March, and we're holding that guidance for the very reasons that you are speaking to. The volatility in the stock market was going on in Europe right now. It's weighing on people's mind. It's infiltrated in the news. It's everything you see and what you hear about. So we, in no way, are taking what we are currently seeing and saying that we believe that the consumer is all better. So we want to continue to maintain our cautious outlook. We have done so in this guidance. And obviously, I think what we are proving is that where there is opportunity for higher sales, that our inventory management, our chasings of inventory, et cetera, are effective in allowing us to capture those sales. So we feel very good about our strategy toward remain cautious, chase into it, keep the profitability moving forward. As it relates to the margin improvement in the back half, you were speaking to the fact that we had a high margin, a big, large improvement in 2009. And now we got guidance out there. And it indicates some improvement coming into it. I'm going to let Laura speak to this because working on the supply-chain issues and risk vendors has been a key priority for her in the supply chain team. And Laura, why don't you talk about it and because we've had a lot of success there and I'd like you to share some of the things we've done and how you're feeling about the back half.
Laura Alber: Just go back a little bit, over the last 18 months, we have been very focused on driving strategies that our customer centric to engage our customers to give them better value, to give them better quality, to give them differentiated design. And it's clear that despite the recession, people are noticing the differences that we've made. And they are responding to us. I think a lot better than they're responding to others in the same business that we're in. And so, we're going to continue on that focus. And we are very cognizant, as Sharon said, about what's going on in the macro environment. And we are staying really on top of all these issues, competitive pricing, making sure that in our stores, we have the best service that we engage our customers every time we speak to them, whether it's on the phone or in our stores or online, in the relevant tone that appeals to them in this tough environment. And with that, we've really spent a lot of time sharing our concerns and our strategies with our vendors.  And working through how do we, together, offer the customer a great value because they do well when we do well. And so they really see that we have reduced our prices in a lot of cases and are enjoying reorders. Now they are seeing increasing cost in raw materials and labor in a lot of markets. And we are talking about that as partners, and how do we combat that and continue to give our customers great prices because we know that the customer does not want to pay more in this environment. So it is a real issue. Where we're able to offset it is we're working on a big packaging initiative to reduce the inefficiencies of overpacking. It's very important that the product gets there safely, but in some cases, we probably overdid it. So Dean Miller and his whole team have been working very closely to look at where are there opportunities to improve packaging and reduce costs. We are also continuing to see improvement in returns and replacements, which helps us reduce the cost that potentially may be increasing in raw materials. And there's a whole myriad of other initiatives that we are working on, on our supply chain that are making a big difference. We're moving into our new building in June, which is going to give us efficiently. We're doing a better job with cartonization, so that we reduce our carton pricing out the door into our retail stores. All this work we've done on our hubs and taking control of our supply chain and looking for opportunities to reduce costs while improving service are really paying off. So we are cognizant that we have an uphill battle on costs, particularly out of Asia. And those are the different things that we are doing to make sure that we continue to give the best value to our customers.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next, we'll hear from Brad Thomas, KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Bradley Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: I wanted to follow up about margins and just try and look at it from a bit of a bigger picture standpoint, in the past, you all been very helpful at putting the margin outlook into context. When we look at the first quarter results, I mean, by my estimates, it looks like you're just only 20 basis points shy of your historic first quarter peak numbers from a margin standpoint. Given this backdrop where sales seem to be accelerating, there seems to continue to be more opportunities to selectively reduce costs or improve supply chain, how should we think about that margin potential going forward? And could we surpass peak margins later this year?
Sharon Mccollam: Let's just get Q1 in perspective. We still have this substantial occupancy deleverage coming from our peak years. What are you using as your peak year when you say 20 basis points versus your peak year? Because we are not within 20 basis points of our peak margin, selling margin ever. So that's beside the point. As we look at the occupancy, we still have about 300 basis points of deleverage in occupancy. And obviously, we know how the model works. We're working on it coming from two sides, increased sales, of course, leverage that rate. In addition to that, we're also working on continuing to lower the occupancy. So we are working on that and coming from both ways. So as we continue to make progress there and as I've mentioned in my compared remarks, we are being successful in reducing our number of stores. We do have 58 more stores than the peak year that we operated, and all of those have inventory and all of those have occupancy. So we're working through that and we'll continue to work through that. We'd like to work through it by going with the sales side, it's working very nicely for us. We prefer that but we'll continue to optimize the store base, and that will be helpful as well. In the cost of goods side, even in Q2 if you look at the guidance, it is conservative, and no one said yet, but I know you're all thinking it. And we agree with you. The margin that we saw in Q1, we did not guide into Q2 that kind of benefit. We do think that we need to stay cautious and we do think that we need to recognize that there are bumps in the road. You guys had your big bumps, thousand basis point bump. And we are conscious of the fact that this news with Europe and everything is affecting the consumer. So we're just going to stay cautious, keep doing what we do, and we think that there is absolutely runway in front of us to improve it when it come this year. Laura mentioned it, these supply chain benefits that we continue to execute these strategies, the benefits continue to come quicker than we anticipated, whether you're talking about Asian sourcing or you're talking about cartonization, the benefits from the regionalization of separate ship or the in-sourced hubs. Everyone of us is delivering better-than-expected and more rapid-than-expected benefits than we guided originally. So those will offset some of these costs that are coming. And we feel very, very good about the guidance that we have out there right now and do agree and understand why some of you would believe there would be upside.
Operator: And next, we'll hear from Chris Horvers, JPMorgan.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Following up on the margin question, Sharon, can you talk about the relative margin or flow-through of the dollar of sales in retail versus DTC and then how that may shift as you think about an Internet sale, inclusive of advertising costs?
Sharon Mccollam: Well, the retail model is in the lifecycle of the retail model. Right now, on a retail sale, it's different between stores. Some stores, you have percentage rents and in some stores, you're operating at minimum payroll already, which means that you don't have incremental payroll for increased sales. And then at times, you are over the minimum, which means you have to add payroll. So when you think about a retail sale, I know you'd like a simple answer, you'd say there it can just flow through to the bottom line. Generally, they will be on the average, some additional costs that comes from rents and from payroll in the stores. That would be your general consensus. In the case of the Internet, it depends on how that sale is derived to the Internet. But in general, you can pretty well assume that the cost on the back end has sustained as any other sale, but it's the acquisition costs that is lower. So it is going to be by far your most profitable sale. But at this point, what we're focused on is capturing market share, what channel the customer buys in is their choice. We wanted to be their choice. We prefer of course the Internet sale because it's so much more profitable. But as we go forward, we want the customer to pick our brands and capture market share, and that's what we'll focus on with our advertising dollars.
Operator: And next, we'll hear from Neely Tamminga with Piper Jaffray.
Neely Tamminga - Piper Jaffray Companies: Sharon, could you, similar to Chris' question, just in case you guys are really good about giving some segment profitability, I'm just wondering if we can get a little sneak peak as to what that might look like on an EBT basis for retail versus direct-to-consumer before unallocated. It seems like the numbers we saw today are implying maybe double-digit, low-double-digit profitability on that basis for those two divisions. Am I barking up the right tree?
Sharon Mccollam: Neely, we generally wait until we actually issue the Q to put out those numbers. So what I like you to do is just give us a couple of weeks get all the allocations put out there and we'll release it in the Q. But I understand the nature of your question and going forward, I think it's something that we should thinking about getting to you guys earlier because I know your models have not been broken down by channel, many of you. So we'll make sure that we do that going forward.
Operator: Our next question will come from David Magee, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
David Magee - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: My question also has to do with the Internet. As you look forward over the next several years, that part of business has grown so much so fast. How do you get your arms around it? What the potential will be for that over, say, a three-year period?
Sharon Mccollam: Pat, would you speak to that please?
Pat Connolly: David, we see a lot of potential over the next several years for us there. And others have said that the home furnishings in our segment is underpenetrated compared to other merchandise categories, and therefore, casting that Internet sales of home furnishings and related product online will go from about 9% to almost 14% by 2014. We certainly want to get our share of that. Internet retailer has us at about 24% market share now. So we see a big opportunity there. We mentioned earlier and Laura and Sharon have both alluded to the marketing efforts, and we think that we are very strong competitively in terms of our Internet marketing. But I would also not -- it would be good to point out how strong the back end of our process is. We can get the sale but we have some really differentiated advantages in our supply chain in terms of getting that merchandise, which is frequently bulky, to our customers. We've got our East and West Coast DCs. We have a 25-, 30-year heritage in terms of filling direct orders, which I think will further allow us to differentiate ourselves from others in the market in the years ahead.
Operator: And next, we'll hear from Joe Feldman, Telsey Advisory Group.
Joseph Feldman - Telsey Advisory Group: Can you guys talk a little bit about what you've been doing lately to drive the reduction in the returns and damages? I mean, that was a really terrific results, Sharon, with that 40 basis point improvement there, and maybe you could just give us a little update as to what's going on there?
Sharon Mccollam: The key to it is the quality benefits that we are deriving from our Asian sourcing. The second thing that we are seeing is that these regionalization of separate ship is allowing us to not have to move the inventory so frequently. Therefore, we're seeing incremental benefit from that. I think we have talked about that a lot at your conference about how by not moving the inventory so many times we can improve the quality. The insourcing of our hubs has been another major source of this. When we are handling the furniture inventory all the way up until the point to put on the delivery truck, the numbers are just really so compelling. And that's why we are doing so much insourcing. So those three areas are really the primary areas that we are seeing those benefits. I think that culturally, I think, Joe, honestly, that every single step in our supply chain is being engineered for returns, replacements and damages. And we just keep taking one piece at a time, taking small steps, implementing it, perfecting it, then taking the next step. And because of that, it is sustainable and it continues to be incremental.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Scot Ciccarelli, RBC Capital Markets.
Austin Pauls: This is Austin Pauls, sitting in for Scot today. You mentioned that payrolls are at base levels in some of your stores. As the momentum in your business continues to get better, is there a point at which you will think about increasing your in-store spending to accommodate the higher traffic levels in your stores?
Sharon Mccollam: Yes, and No. I want it to be clear, and I'm going to let Laura speak to this. The answer is yes, we are running minimums, we run our payroll as a percentage of sales. But we have to say that we made some major structural changes and we received great benefit from labor scheduling tools that we gave to our stores. And as a result of that, we substantially lowered our payroll versus the '05, '06 time frame. Now, Laura, would you speak to the strategy as it relates to store payroll, please?
Laura Alber: Sure. As Sharon said, we gave the store managers new tools to help them better plan their payrolls. But it is still totally within their responsibility, which makes it so great because they are thinking about the customer and running their store like a shopkeeper. They are looking at their sales trends. They are looking at what's going on in their local community and putting on payroll where they see opportunity. Of course, there's a minimum amount and then incremental sales don't cost as much as just staffing the store just the first time. So you get more leverage on the upside. But they do such a good job in a very entrepreneurial way in making the bet. We reward them for it. We encourage them to always service the customer. And I think it's one of those things that we did differently than others. We cut the payroll but we didn't cut the service. We actually added events in the stores. And we have a culture, a very, very strong culture in supporting our stores and giving them great tools to do the right thing, and we're seeing that really pay off. So rest assured, we're very aggressive and supportive of our store teams in adding payroll as we see traffic levels improve.
Operator: Our next question will come from Christian Buss with Thomas Weisel.
Christian Buss - Thomas Weisel Partners Equity Research: I'm wondering if you could provide an update on the DC initiatives you have underway? And if you could quantify the benefits that it's providing, I'd appreciate it.
Sharon Mccollam: Laura, why don't you speak to the DC initiatives that we have happening currently and then...
Laura Alber: Sure. We mentioned earlier, we are looking at everything in our supply chain, from transportation, distribution, our furniture, upholstery, manufacturing, our call centers, our packaging and in every single area, we're seeing improvements. And we are putting together strategies to continue those improvements beyond this year into the future. And we're lowering the costs and we're improving sales. So Sharon mentioned some of them. We've in-sourced our hubs, we've improved our cartonization and our CMO building, our cartons are actually down 9%. We have driven retail freight savings due to this consolidation. We're doing a better job with shrink across our distribution centers. We are consolidating buildings, you've have heard about us getting out of square footage and consolidation. And the consolidation gives you better quality because, as Sharon mentioned, you don't need to move the goods as frequently. Furniture upholstery factory is producing record numbers, which is driving returns down and improving the value equation to our customers, and we continue to see just acceleration in that plant. Our call centers are doing a great job, not only servicing the customer when they call in, but doing outbound, sales-driving calls, and we're generating incremental revenue because we're being more assertive and just more customer-friendly as well in calling customers back and letting them know when we have something that we know they would like to buy. And then I mentioned earlier and I'll say it again, our packaging cost reduction initiative, we're looking at SKUs across all of our brands to redesign, and we believe that we will continue to see savings based on this initiative into the future.
Operator: Our next question will come from Avery Sheffield with Bernstein Research.
Avery Marie Sheffield: This is Avery, filling in for Colin McGranahan. Before, you mentioned that some stores have a portion of rent expense type sales. I'm curious if you can provide any insight regarding the general percentage of stores that have that cost in the right contracts? And how this impact the seasonality of occupancy cost trends for the year? Most importantly, how much better than expected top line could impact expected occupancy costs into the leverage for the year?
Sharon Mccollam: Avery, we don't release the details regarding our rent arrangements with our landlords, which we believe is appropriate. We have said historically that we do not see major changes. As far as your models go, there is not a major, major change in our occupancy expense by quarter. You'll, of course, get bigger in Q3 and bigger in Q4. But it is not so material that it is something that we feel that we need to call out or something that I think you need to majorly change your model over. So there's some costs there but it's not huge. It's not going to change your forecasting within a range, let me put it that way.
Operator: Michael Lasser with Barclays Capital has a question.
Tiffany Wade: This is Tiffany Wade, on for Michael Lasser. My question is about the sourcing initiatives. I'm wondering if you can talk about where you are in terms of these initiatives across the brand? Which ones might have the most opportunity left and perhaps what the timing is around these improvements?
Laura Alber: Sure. You said sourcing?
Tiffany Wade: Yes.
Laura Alber: Great, it's Laura. We've been looking at opportunities in all of our brands. The one that has the most future opportunity is west elm. We've just begun our initiatives to give better value in west elm to our customers and we are in the process of re-engineering, redesigning, repricing our products in Asia. And so you'll see the biggest improvement there to come. In the Pottery Barn and the Kids and Teen brands, we asked ourselves this question, how much more is there? We know this, we know our customer knows great value. And a large percentage of our sales are coming from our opening price points. And so you're going to continue to see us add opening price points, beautiful products, well-designed, that the customers are inspired to buy, but with great prices that they can afford. And so you are going to continue to see us add more in Pottery Barn and Pottery Barn Kids and Teen, even though we've made a lot of progress so far.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Laura Champine, Cowen and Company.
Laura Champine - Cowen and Company, LLC: Congratulations on your sales momentum, and we clearly see that in the comp, as well as the DTC business. Also, I'm cognizant of your cautious, more macro outlook, but what are you seeing right now in the malls, not just at your stores but in those locations in general? Is the customer mood and traffic trends improving or decelerating so far this year?
Sharon Mccollam: Laura, would you like to speak to that, please?
Laura Alber: Sure. I think good retailers are doing better. People who have exclusive, engaging and inspiring product lines are doing better, and those that didn't make the adjustments are not. And so we are seeing, in our stores, that the customer is very inspired to come in. And recession or no recession, they love their homes, and we give them an environment when they come into our stores to make them feel happy and to help them, whether it's throwing that dinner party or redecorating their family room or setting up a new home office. We've given them inspiring products to meet their needs. And as we go to malls, you see some stores that are really busy and you see some that are ghost towns. And I think it's all dependent on how assertive the management has been in addressing the changing needs of the consumer.
Sharon Mccollam: And I think that, Laura, when you think about the quarter last year, this is the quarter where the consumers' confidence started building. So if you are asking us at this very moment based on our current momentum and trends, we absolutely are seeing a very strong business right now. And in order to deliver the guidance that we have out there, what we are assuming is that we're going to come up against tougher numbers in the next two months of the quarter, and that we would see a tougher compare. Therefore, we would see a deceleration. That's how we planned it. If it continues, this is where we get into the question about the conservatism of the guidance. It all does depend on what you believe about the macro. From an execution point of view and from a consumer response to the assortment that we have out there, our numbers should be fantastic. The question is what happens with the consumer as we come up against these tougher numbers, and that's why the more conservative guidance.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Jennifer Milan, Sterne Agee.
Jennifer Milan - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: We've been hearing other retailers talking about, and it sounds like this didn't happen in your business about kind of a fall-off at the end of April and some of the others in your space talking about with respect to seasonal products, some pull forward from the 2Q. And I was wondering if you can talk a little bit about your performance in the seasonal products and to what extent you think that might be the case? And also, how you're thinking about the elimination of the homeowners tax credit going forward or later in the year?
Sharon Mccollam: As far as our business goes, the April issue, coming off of April, you have the issues with the Easter ship, and we've heard a lot of this. And honestly, we think that you have to look at the business on more than a four-week basis, and that's why we don't release monthly comp. But as far as the business is going, like we said, we are still seeing that momentum at this current point in time, and we have not seen the trends that you're referring to. That is not something we're currently seeing in our business.
Laura Alber: And different than apparel, we have Easter. But then, we introduced our outdoor furniture in a big way and we are seeing great response to our outdoor furniture collections, which is really exciting and carries us through the summer and all the holidays. And it seems that the customers is really celebrating the holidays again. They're very important to them. We had great assortments for Easter and we are going to have incredible assortments for the back half as well. Sharon, do you want to talk about the elimination of the homeowners tax credit and the impact to our...
Sharon Mccollam: The homeowners tax credit, of course, is inspiring turnover in the home market. And it's hard for us to predict what that will look like. A lot of those tax credit, however, are going to first-time homebuyers or buyers that have not bought homes in an extended period of time. Therefore, that is probably a -- there is certainty a customer that would be shopping our brands that might be benefiting from that. But in general, I would suspect that a lot of those sales are going to some of the lower-end home furnishings retailers as opposed to coming into our brands.
Operator: And that does conclude our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the conference over to Laura Alber for any closing or additional remarks.
Laura Alber: Thank you. Thank you for joining us for the Williams-Sonoma First Quarter Fiscal 2010 Earnings Conference Call. We appreciate your time and continued support, and we'll talk to you next quarter. Have a great day.
Operator: And that does conclude our conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-03-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve Nelson  Director, Investor Relations Howard Lester  Chairman and CEO Sharon McCollam  EVP, COO and CFO Laura Alber  President Pat Connolly  EVP and Chief Marketing Officer
Analysts: Budd Bugatch  Raymond James Matt Nemer  Wells Fargo Alan Rifkin  Bank of America Matthew Fassler  Goldman Sachs Joe Feldman  Telsey Advisory Group Chris Horvers  JPMorgan Kate McShane  Citi Investment Research Colin McGranahan  Bernstein Scot Ciccarelli  RBC Capital Markets Michael Lasser  Barclays Capital Laura Champine  Cowen & Company Neely Tamminga  Piper Jaffray Christian Buss  Thomas Weisel Mike Baker  Deutsche Bank
Operator: Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma Incorporated fourth quarter and fiscal year 2009 earnings and fiscal year 2010 guidance conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session after the presentation. This conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Steve Nelson, Director of Investor Relations, to discuss non-GAAP measures and forward-looking statements.
Steve Nelson: Good morning. This morning's conference call should be considered in conjunction with the press releases that we issued earlier today. Our press releases and this call contain non-GAAP financial measures that exclude the impact of unusual business events. These non-GAAP financial measures are provided to facilitate meaningful year-over-year comparisons, a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, and an explanation of why these non-GAAP financial measures are useful and are discussed in Exhibit 1 of the earnings press release. The forward-looking statements included in this mornings call constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, guidance, growth plans, and prospects of the company in 2010 and beyond, and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company's current press releases and SEC filings for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call. I will now turn the conference call over to Howard Lester, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
Howard Lester: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today is Laura Alber, our President and future CEO; Sharon McCollam, our Chief Operating and Chief Financial Officer; and Pat Connolly, our Chief Marketing Officer. Id like to begin today with an overview of our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2009 results and our 2010 outlook. Then I'll turn the call over to Sharon and Laura for further details. While the industry growth in the home furnishings category continued to decline in the fourth quarter, we saw positive momentum in virtually every aspect of our business, including sales, margin and supply chain efficiency. Our cost containment and inventory management initiatives delivered benefits that were well beyond our expectations, and cash flow reached record levels. On revenue growth of 8%, we delivered non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.86 versus $0.31 last year and continued to strengthen the balance sheet by reducing our inventories to their lowest level in five years. We ended the quarter with over $0.5 billion in cash. During the quarter, comparable store sales increased 7.6% and direct-to-customer sales increased 8.4%. On both the one and two-year basis, year-over-year growth trends once again sequentially improved, which validates for us the effectiveness of our merchandising and marketing strategies that were deployed during the year. Put this in perspective, two-year comparable store sales were negative 30% in Q1 versus negative 15% in Q4. In our core brands, sales trends improved in every concept, and we saw significant growth in new customer acquisition. In total, net revenues increased 7%. Williams-Sonoma increased 6%, Pottery Barn Kids increased 9%, and Pottery Barn increased 10%. Im going to let Laura talk more about Pottery Barn and Pottery Barn Kids brands later in this mornings call. In the Williams-Sonoma brand, we continued to see the same economic resilience we have seen all year. During the quarter, comparable store sales increased 6% and selling margins rebounded towards the historical levels. Strong merchandising, high inventories, and a focus on exclusivity drove these better than expected results. As we enter 2010, we will execute against the following initiatives that have been providing momentum in the business over the past 12 months, including partnering with key vendors to introduce new, innovative and exclusive products, enhancing the brands value proposition through strategic price points and targeted promotions, and expanding this brands ecommerce marketing initiatives to gain market share in its fastest growing and most profitable channel. In our emerging brands, which include West Elm, PBteen, Williams-Sonoma Home, net revenues increased 9%. In Williams-Sonoma Home, after another difficult quarter in Q4 and an extensive review of our strategic alternatives, we concluded that in the reset economy, the future potential of this brand is limited. As such, we are working on a plan to restructure the unprofitable segments of the business, including the operations of our 11 retail stores. As part of this restructuring, it is our intent to market those merchandising categories that support our bridal [ph] registry, expanded flagship, and designer assortments through the Williams-Sonoma Kitchen brand. These categories will be available both online and in select Williams-Sonoma stores. Ill let Laura talk later about the performance of West Elm and PBteen. Id like now to discuss our full year performance. Throughout 2009, we saw improving sales trends and steadily increasing selling margins. As such, despite a soft top line in the first half, net revenues for the full year declined only 8%, while diluted earnings per share on a non-GAAP basis increased from $0.35 last year to $0.95 this year. To generate these results, we delivered the highest operating contribution rate in the history of our direct-to-consumer segment. Reducing our non-GAAP SG&A rate to an all-time low strategically reduced our inventories while gaining market share and generated more cash in one year than ever before. As I reflect on these achievements, its impossible not be extremely proud of what has been accomplished. In supply chain, we saw significantly greater than expected benefits from the distribution, transportation, and quality returns initiatives that we implemented throughout the year. These initiatives included implementing distribution accuracy programs to significantly reduce inventory shrinkage and improve customer service, regionalizing a large key of inventory to consolidate furniture shipments, lower shipping cost, and enhance the customer experience. We have been in-sourcing our Ohio delivery hub to bring company-managed volume to over 40% and reduce damages and replacements, and aggressively managing inventory flow to reduce distribution square footage by 16%. Another significant supply chain initiative was in the area of sourcing where we completed the transition of our Asian furniture network. This initiative has allowed us to establish in-country expertise; improve vendor performance; and reduce furniture returns, replacements and damages. Many of the products that were currently driving the significant turnaround in the Pottery Barn and Pottery Barn Kids brands were sourced under this new initiative. In information technology, we completed the rollout of our new ecommerce platform at the end of the third quarter. This platform enables our merchant to make rapid changes on the sites without IT intervention, optimizes natural search returns and provides customers with faster download times and easier navigation. We also implemented new functionality relating to customer insights, which is allowing us to generate more relevant emails and improve catalog productivity. While much opportunity lies ahead of us in both of these areas, these initiatives are driving increased traffic and incremental sales to our brands. In real estate, our occupancy cost reduction initiatives were a key focus throughout the year. And we made significant progress. In 2009, we closed 1.2 million square feet of distribution space, 80,000 square feet of corporate office space, and 23 retail stores. Another accomplishment of the year is establishing a multi-year franchise agreement with the M.H. Alshaya Company to branch of our portfolio of brands in the Middle East. We opened our first Pottery Barn and Pottery Barn Kids stores in Dubai last week to a strong consumer response and will open two additional stores in Kuwait in June. We believe, with this business model, there is significant opportunity to expand the reach of our brands outside of North America. As we look forward to 2010, we will continue to capitalize on the still to be delivered benefits of our 2009 initiatives and focus on the five key initiatives that are driving our momentum today, including implementing innovative growth strategies to capture market share, delivering superior customer service, executing our catalog and Internet marketing initiatives, driving supply chain efficiencies, and maximizing profitability and cash flow. To capture market share, we will continue to introduce in market new products with an emphasis on innovation, exclusivity and value. We will also increase our investment in ecommerce. We believe that one of our most significant competitive advantages in this reset economy is our ability to serve customers in the channel of their choice. And the world is increasingly becoming that channel for both product research and purchase. As such, we believe that as time passes and the economy improves, there is a substantial opportunity for our brands to capture share from those retailers who do not have significant multi-channel capabilities and have closed stores, become less relevant, or failed completely in these difficult times. In the area of customer service, our focus will be on expanding the client telling [ph] services program that we launched last year in Pottery Barn stores. In 2010, we will complete the rollout of this program in West Elm. In 2009, this program facilitated approximately 20% of our retail furniture sales in Pottery Barn and Pottery Barn Kids stores. We believe customer service is a differentiator, especially in this environment. And this program is already changing our customers expectations. To execute our catalog and Internet marketing initiatives, we will continue to refine our catalog circulation by increasing the use of versioning in special mailers while continuing to shift catalog dollars into e-marketing. E-commerce is our fastest growing and most profitable channel, and we will continue to identify new opportunities to build brand awareness and customer engagement to search email modeling, affiliate programs, and enhanced functionality. To drive further supply chain efficiencies, we will continue to capitalize on the benefits from the initiatives we rolled out in 2009 as well as continuing to expand the in-sourcing of our third-party furniture delivery hubs, re-engineering inbound packaging to reduce the cubic volume of shipments through the supply chain to reduce packaging, transportation, and distribution warehousing drop [ph], and implementing the first phase of our East Coast distribution center consolidation that after moving costs recovered, will result in lower rent, utility and labor costs. Maximize profitability and cash flow will continue to drive increased sales and improved selling margins, rationalize our real estate portfolio, and reduce the operating losses in Williams-Sonoma Home. We will also continue to tightly manage the inventory and capital spending. In 2010, we expect retail lease square footage to decrease approximately 1% to 2%. As such, we are expecting 2010 net revenues to increase in the range of 3% to 6% and diluted earnings per share on a non-GAAP basis to increase 22% to 33% to a range of $1.16 to $1.26. Also, as announced this morning, we will be increasing our quarterly cash dividend by 8% to $0.13 per share for a total annual payout of $56 million. Ill now turn the call over to Sharon for additional details on our 2009 performance and 2010 guidance.
Sharon McCollam: Thank you, Howard. Good morning. Our fourth quarter results did substantially exceed our expectations, and we could not be more pleased or encouraged about what that says about our opportunity for 2010. During the quarter, the initiatives we set forth all year delivered greater benefits than we would have expected, and the consumer response to our new merchandising and marketing strategies is one of the strongest we have seen in many years. The P&L highlights for the fourth quarter were as follows. Net revenues increased 8% to $1.90 billion, with similar growth in both the retail and direct-to-customer channels. Internet revenues increased 15%. Non-GAAP gross margin increased 760 basis points to 41.5%, primarily driven by fewer markdowns, 130 basis points of occupancy leverage and benefits from our supply chain initiatives. Non-GAAP SG&A decreased 90 basis points to 27.9%, primarily driven by catalog circulation optimization strategy, partially offset by higher incentive compensation. Catalog circulated during the quarter decreased 12% and pages decreased 17%. And fourth quarter non-GAAP diluted earnings per share increased 177% to $0.86. This was $0.12 above the high end of guidance, driven by a 1% stronger than expected increase in net revenues and a 100 basis point greater than expected improvement in gross margin. Versus guidance, the improvement in gross margin was driven by fewer markdowns and earlier than expected financial benefits from our supply chain initiatives. For further details on the fourth quarter, please see this mornings press release. Switching now to our full year financial highlights, fiscal year 2009 net revenues decreased 8% to $3.1 billion. Retail revenues decreased 4%, including a comparable store sales decline of 5.1%. Direct-to-customer revenues declined 12%, including Internet revenues, which were down only 9%. Non-GAAP gross margin increased 180 basis points to 35.7%, with similar drivers as the fourth quarter with the exception of occupancy costs. On a full year basis, non-GAAP occupancy costs of $515 million deleveraged by 80 basis points. Non-GAAP SG&A decreased 180 basis points to an all-time low of 30.5%, with similar drivers as the fourth quarter. Catalogs circulated during the year decreased 16%, and catalog pages decreased 21%. And finally, non-GAAP diluted earnings per share for the year increased $0.60 to $0.95. This increase was principally driven by the SG&A re-engineering we did through our infrastructure cost reduction and catalog circulation optimization strategies. These both represent sustainable structural changes in our expense base that we expect to benefit from for years to come. From a balance sheet perspective, our 2009 year-over-year highlights are as follows. Cash and cash equivalents increased $365 million to $514 million. Merchandise inventories decreased $108 million or 19% to $466 million. Prepaid expenses decreased 51% to $22 million due to a reduction in prepaid income taxes. Income taxes payable, on the other hand, increased $48 million, both (inaudible) by an increase in taxable income in 2009. Accounts payable increased 16% to $188 million due to the timing of inventory replenishments. And accrued salaries, benefits and other liabilities increased 42% to $108 million due to higher incentive compensation accruals. I would now like to discuss our non-GAAP pretax operating margin as a percentage of net revenues since many of you have asked to better understand the differences between our peak margin rate of 10.2% in 2005 and the 5.2% we delivered today in 2009. At the highest level, the 500 basis point reduction is driven by a 500 point decline in gross margin and a 10 basis point decline in interest income, partially offset by a 10 basis point improvement in SG&A. Within the 500 basis point margin decline, approximately 415 basis points is in occupancy expense, of which 210 basis points is driven by increased costs and 205 basis points from sales deleverage. Cost increases were primarily driven by rent escalations and new stores, which is why rationalizing our real estate portfolio is so important to recovering our peak operating margins. The balance of the gross margin decline is 85 basis points, which is driven by a 225 basis point decline in our selling margin, offset by 140 basis point improvement in supply chain efficiencies. What is encouraging about the selling margin decline is that there is no fundamental reason that it cannot be recovered over time. And the supply chain efficiencies are structural improvements in the business that would now be additive to the operating margin we delivered in 2005. The SG&A improvement of 10 basis points is the net of 125 basis point reduction in advertising costs, partially offset by an 80 basis point accounting impact from the 2006 implementation of FAS 123R and a 35 basis point impact from sales deleverage. Again, the advertising rate reduction is a structural change in our business model that would also be additive to the operating margin in 2005. So it is for these reasons that we believe that our 2005 peak operating margin of 10.2%, which on a FAS 123R adjusted basis is actually 9.4%, would be closer to 11% to 12% today given the structural improvements we have made in supply chain and advertising since that time. As such, when we look out over the next three years, we believe that even on low-single digit revenue growth, we can still get back to high-single digit operating margins. And we are already making progress toward this recovery in this 2010 guidance. In 2010, a net revenue growth of 3% to 6%, we are projecting an improvement in diluted earnings per share in the range of 22% to 33% and an improvement in our non-GAAP pretax operating margin of 150 to 190 basis points to a range of 6.7% to 7.1%. To drive these results, we are expecting DTC sales to increase in the range of 4% to 8% and comparable store sales to increase in the range of 3% to 6%. Catalog circulation, excluding circulation reductions in Williams-Sonoma Home, is expected to be flat. We are also expecting non-GAAP gross margin to increase 150 to 170 basis points, driven by fewer markdowns, 50 to 100 basis points of leverage and occupancy costs, and ongoing benefits from supply chain efficiencies. In dollars, occupancy costs are conservatively estimated to decline approximately 1%. Non-GAAP SG&A is expected to be flat to a decrease of 20 basis points in 2010, primarily driven by sales leverage. Fiscal year 2010 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to increase $0.21 to $0.31 to a range of $1.16 to $1.26, primarily driven by a high earnings flow-through on incremental sales, the gross margin improvement just described, and a reduction in operating losses in Williams-Sonoma Home. In fiscal year 2009, operating losses in Williams-Sonoma Home were approximately $0.08 per diluted share on a non-GAAP basis. In fiscal year 2010, we expect to reduce that loss to a range of $0.03 to $0.04. At the end of 2009, remaining net assets in the Williams-Sonoma Home brand, including inventory were approximately $16 million. Free cash flow in 2010, defined as net cash flow provided by operating activities less net cash used in investing activities, is expected to be in the range of $180 million to $200 million. Within this number, if capital spending of $70 million to $75 million, consisting of approximately 50% for information technology and ecommerce, 30% for new and remodeled stores, and 20% for other infrastructure projects. Also within this number is an inventory increase in the range of 1% to 10% to $470 million to $515 million. As we sit here today, we are encouraged by the momentum we are seeing in our brands and are excited about the opportunities that lie ahead for the balance of the year. While we remain cautious in our outlook on the macro environment, the strengths of our brands and our proven track record of our operating -- of our business in these difficult economic times provide us with a strong confidence in our ability to deliver the guidance that we have provided today. I would now like to turn the call over to Laura to discuss the Pottery Barn and West Elm brands.
Laura Alber: Thank you, Sharon. Good morning. Ill start with the Pottery Barn brand. Net revenues in the fourth quarter increased a better than expected 10%, with similar growth in both the retail and direct-to-customer channels. Comparable store sales increased 11.5%. An authoritative cohesive assortment and compelling price points combined with a highly effective inventory management strategy drove these significantly improved results. From a merchandising perspective, all key categories, strictly furniture and textiles, celebrate positive growth. These results are encouraging because they demonstrate the breadth of newness and value in the merchandise assortment and the effectiveness of our marketing and promotional strategies across categories. From an operational perspective, gross margin dramatically rebounded as we strategically balanced inventory levels with full price selling and margin objective. Also driving the margin improvement was the cumulative benefit of the supply chain initiative that Howard discussed earlier in addition to the savings being generated and our company managed upholstered furniture operations. We also greatly appreciate the support we have received from our vendor partners in reducing costs, improving quality, and driving innovative product development. In direct marketing, the catalog circulation optimization strategy continued to contribute to our improved results on both the top and bottom lines, as we shifted our investment in marginal catalog circulation to e-marketing. Our new e-commerce platform also delivered significant benefits during the quarter, as we gained flexibility in site merchandising, optimized natural and paid search, and further engaged the brand in the world of social media. In 2010, we recognize that the home furnishing sector remains vulnerable to volatility, but also see great opportunities to take market share by capitalizing on the initiatives that have taken our performance to this level. As such, we will flex our inventories with sales trends, drive direct-to-customer innovation with breakthrough merchandising and customer contact strategies, further escalate our service levels with our best customers through enhancements in our in-store client telling initiatives and provide great product at a great value, as we identify the right space in a changing competitive landscape. Now I would like to talk about Pottery Barn Kids. The improvement in performance in both channels of Pottery Barn Kids in the fourth quarter was transformational. During the quarter, net revenues increased 9% and comparable store sales increased 12.3%. To put this in perspective on a two-year basis, comparable store sales in Q1 and Q2 were down 36%. In Q4, they improved to down 13%. This change in trend in both channels was driven by a very strong consumer response to our cross category entry price point product introductions and highly effective marketing around value and inspiring affordable decorating. What is most encouraging about these results is that only about half of the newest format has been launched, leaving substantial upside for 2010. From a merchandising standpoint, all key categories delivered positive growth during the quarter, led by textiles and decorative accessories. We are also extremely pleased with the turnaround of our baby registry in nursery categories. In all categories, our success was driven by our ability to deliver high quality products at a great value to this highly discerning customer. This would not have been possible without the partnership of our agents, vendors and strong sourcing organization, and we are continuing to make great progress, as we gain [ph] this initiative into 2010. From an operational perspective during the quarter, similar to Pottery Barn, we saw substantial improvement in gross margin. This improvement was driven by the superior execution of an aggressive inventory management and promotion strategy in addition to the margin improvement associated with our supply chain initiative. We also saw a significant improvement in our store operating expense structure through the benefits of labor scheduling and strategic store closings. As we look forward to 2010, we will continue to build on our 2009 successes, most of which we did not see benefit from until late in the year. The foundation of our growth strategy is offering great product at a great value, and we are continuing to expand our assortments. Another priority in 2010 is to use our direct-to-marketing capabilities to attract new customers to the brand and enhanced customer engagement. This initiative is well underway as we leverage the IT investments we made in late 2009 to greatly enhance the relevancy of our customer interactions and make social community an intrinsic part of the online experience. And finally, within every channel, we will continue to invest in the customer experience to client telling, in-store event, communication relevancy, and enhanced website tools. I would now like to talk about the PBteen brand. While all of our brands delivered strong performances in the fourth quarter, PBteen remained the best performing brand in the company, with net revenue growth of a better than expected 18%. This increase was driven by a key fourth quarter initiative to introduce value into the brand through strategic promotions and new product introductions. This initiative resulted in increased sales, improved margins, and significant growth in new customers to the brand. From a merchandising perspective, we saw double-digit growth across all major product categories and new entry price point products emerged as both top sellers and new customer acquisition vehicles. As we enter 2010, we will continue to drive profitable growth by expanding the breadth of our value strategy, introducing new assortments into underserved merchandising categories, and enhancing customer engagement by making social community a natural and additive part of the brand experience. Finally, I would like to talk about West Elm. During the fourth quarter, we saw substantial improvement in the performance of West Elm on both the top and bottom lines, and we are encouraged by the consumer response we are seeing to even small changes in the brand, like additional merchandising and promotional events. We also saw considerable improvement in our retail furniture business as we began the rollout of our client telling program to all stores. As we look forward to 2010, there are several strategic and tactical initiatives that we are very excited about and believe can meaningfully accelerate the growth trajectory and profitability of the brand. These initiatives include expanding our assortment in categories outside of furniture to rebalance the product mix and offer broader choices; broadening the aesthetic across the assortment to appeal to a wider range of customers; enhancing customer engagement through warm and inviting multi-channel lifestyle marketing; and substantially increasing the penetration of opening price points. We will also continue to take advantage of the opportunities that are rising in our retail portfolio to rationalize our footprint. While our long-term strategy for this brand is to expand our retail store base, we have stores where co-tenancy, initial site selection, and customer logistics are a challenge. As such, in 2009, we closed four stores and expect to close an additional three in 2010. We believe all of these initiatives will improve our competitive positioning and allow us to profitably grow this brand going forward. I would now like to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions) Our first question will come from Budd Bugatch with Raymond James.
Budd Bugatch  Raymond James: Good morning, and congratulations on the quarter and the good luck on this year.
Sharon McCollam: Thank you.
Budd Bugatch  Raymond James: I guess, Sharon, my question goes to the gross margin and to that very informative conversation you had with us regarding the operating margin and where you can get to. If I look at the guidance for the year of 37.2% to 37.4%, that does not get you back to where you were a couple of years ago, which were significantly higher. Can you talk a little bit about that and maybe give us a roadmap of how long do you think it will take you to get back there and whether thats still possible?
Sharon McCollam: Budd, Id be happy to. I would say that as we look at the guidance, we believe that this is going to come back gradually and incrementally. And Im going to let Laura speak to the actual execution of improving the selling margins within the brands and the promotional strategies I have in place in order to do that. But just as you think about it, within this guidance this year, we are continuing to put out there in the guidance our trajectory of gradual incremental improvement. As we said, you are getting in that number about 50 to 100 basis points of occupancy leverage. The balance, of course, is coming between the selling margin and supply chain initiative. So as we look forward, I think there is tremendous opportunity there. It could come faster. Its very front half loaded. We were more cautious. I think if you look at the guidance in total, you will see that we have put out some stronger guidance in the first half. And then in the back half, we are going to continue to be cautious, as we watch the economy and see where it goes. So obviously the opportunities in this fiscal year would be in the back half. But we feel that the guidance we have out there today, we are extremely confident in it. We have the plans in place and we see it happening. So thats the great news. But Laura, do you want to speak to just the promotional strategies and how you see the margin progressing within the brands, please?
Laura Alber: Sure. One of the key components of the margin improvement is our inventory management strategy. And Id say weve really graduated into world-class inventory management. We are conservative in terms of future receipts and have worked through a process to chase inventory as we see trends happen. And the teams, everyday, are looking at adding receipts where we need them and subtracting them where we dont. We are also really working to shift our mix away from furniture from where we have been historically back to -- or I should say, where weve been the last couple of years back to the historic dec-ac [ph] and textile percent of total, which is an important shift not just for margin but because new customers are often much more comfortable buying lower ticket and they come in more frequently to buy lower ticket than they do to buy the considered furniture pieces. And with that also comes higher margin because those categories tend to be higher margin from both the initial to the final selling and returns, all the way through the P&L. As far as costs go, we are continuing to look for ways to reduce costs in each and every one of our products. This doesnt mean taking out quality. We actually are very invested in improving our quality and have made tremendous strides with our new agent overseas outlook and also the teams on the ground there to improve, in particular, the furniture quality. However, there were areas that we were over-building. So on beds, for example, we will look at places where it doesnt matter whether we are building two stick [ph] of a wood or something that the customer didnt see. And we are taking that out and investing it in where they do see and also driving the cost down. We also see tremendous opportunity to reduce our packaging costs. And we are undertaking a big initiative across the company to look at packaging where we have overbuilt it and where we can move it more efficiently through our supply chain. And then last but not least, another key component of margin is our direct-to-retail shift. And our direct business, because we have inventory in one place, allows us to keep our margins higher, because we dont have to push at all the stores and therefore take markdowns store-by-store. And our focus on the Internet combined with opening fewer stores in the future is going to inherently drive the margin up.
Sharon McCollam: And Budd, just to finish Lauras part on the furniture mix issue, at the end of Q4, the trailing 12 months furniture percent of our total sales is 30%. That had gone up from 29%.
Operator: And we will move to our next question from Matt Nemer with Wells Fargo.
Matt Nemer  Wells Fargo: Good morning. I was just wondering if you could comment on whats implied in your guidance for Internet versus catalog growth this year out of the total direct change. And then could you -- just to follow up on that, could you also comment on the incremental profitability of a direct customer versus a retail customer, and how are you allocating costs? Thank you.
Sharon McCollam: Matt, Im going to let Pat discuss that. Pat, could you please take that?
Pat Connolly: Sure, I will. Thank you, Sharon. Matt, we see a lot of opportunity this coming year in our e-commerce business. We added about 1.8 million customers in total during the fourth quarter, about a 22% increase. At the same time, we had a 33% increase in new customers during the period derived from e-commerce. And as you know, new and active customers are the primary driver of future sales growth. As mentioned earlier, were very satisfied with the results we are seeing in both our SCO and SCM initiatives. But in this past year, weve really grown a number of digital marketing efforts, including retargeting, social retargeting, search remarketing, and display advertising. And what exciting about those is that they are all fairly new. They are not mature. So we see the opportunity to continue to drive traffic at pretty good rates compared to the prior year. The incremental profitability of a direct customer is very substantial. And it is why we are so excited about the e-commerce business overall.
Sharon McCollam: And Matt, in the e-commerce growth -- in the DTC growth next year, e-commerce is 100% of the growth. We expect that to be the channel where we pick up incremental sales.
Operator: And our next question will come from Alan Rifkin with Bank of America.
Alan Rifkin  Bank of America: Thank you. Sharon, it appears that the January comp was pretty close to 10% despite anniversarying the $20 million in revenues last year from the inventory clearance event. What did you see specifically in January and particularly in the last couple of weeks of the month resulted in the significant outperformance of comps?
Sharon McCollam: The -- Ill let Laura speak to the Pottery Barn brands. And I think we can just put a general statement out there. The consumer response to the spring assortment that we launched across all brands were substantially stronger than we expected. And Ill let Laura speak to the specifics.
Laura Alber: I think, Sharon, you answered it. Were seeing great response across every category actually, and we were concerned about anniversarying those markdowns. We put in place some pretty strong marketing and took some promotions that drove the consumer response, and we are very pleased with the beginning of this year and see each one of these strategies incrementally come in and actually outperform what we expected.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler  Goldman Sachs: Thanks a lot, and good morning. I have a question about merchandise margin in the fourth quarter. You talked about where the annual margin stood versus historical levels. How did your fourth quarter merchandise margin compare to -- compared with prior fourth quarter peaks?
Sharon McCollam: You still have a lot of opportunity, Matt, in the fourth quarter. When you go back to historical levels, you are still looking at to the peak, somewhere in the neighborhood of 200 basis points or more.
Matthew Fassler  Goldman Sachs: And I know that this is covered --
Sharon McCollam: This is for the peak. Your question is to historical peaks, how far do you have to go. 05 would be that year, and I think we mentioned in my reconciliation of the 05/09 operating margins, there is 225 basis points of selling margin.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Feldman with Telsey Advisory Group.
Joe Feldman  Telsey Advisory Group: Yes. Hi, guys, good morning. I had a question about cash, and you guys are doing an amazing job generating a lot of cash, getting efficiencies. And at $514 million on the balance sheet now, and I know there are $180 million to $200 million next year, I guess, just any new thoughts on capital allocation, especially given that store growth -- well, there is actually going to be some contraction this year in terms of storage.
Sharon McCollam: Joe, we will plan to -- we obviously increased the dividend 8% this morning. That was our first step toward returning some of that cash to the investors. And I think we had said consistently that we think in this environment that it is critical versus our historical performance or our historical behavior that we retain more cash on the balance sheet going forward. Now that is to say that we will be assessing this as we progress throughout the year. I think Laura described it well in her prepared remarks when we said, We believe that there was a vulnerability to volatility in this environment. As we get through Q1 and Q2 where you had the lowest consumer confidence numbers that you had all year last year, and then they started improving. And then you got into the back half. As we started seeing these trends be sustainable, then we will start talking about -- more about uses of cash in a more robust way. Right now, we are thrilled to have ended the year where we are. We have no financial dependence on the financial institutions, which is a great place to be. We got our revolver in place. Anything goes wrong with the financial markets, we are set. And well keep talking about it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Horvers with JPMorgan.
Chris Horvers  JPMorgan: Thanks and good morning. I want to follow up on the selling margin question. Sharon, is that 225 basis points largely driven by your expansion of the credit card business. Can you talk about how much of that pressured margins in 2009 and how youre thinking about 2010?
Sharon McCollam: I would say the credit business definitely had an impact. But as a percentage of our total sales, that is not a huge number. And it would really be across all actions that we go into selling margin, we had to be more promotional, we had to take additional sitting promotions, we had the credit card in place, we have the 12-month same as cash. And so each and every one of them contributes to that. There is not any one, in particular, that I would say is more than 50% of the total. But its going to come from actions across the merchandising promotional strategies et cetera within the brands. Inventory management is huge. That is into the promotional strategies and markdowns that they have to take in order to clear. There has also been the impact of the introduction of the emerging brands. Williams-Sonoma Home has put particular pressure on that margin, which we -- as we said, we are working on that. So there are a lot of small things that contribute to that, which we love, because you can work on those and you can make small incremental progress across the board.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kate McShane with Citi Investment Research.
Kate McShane  Citi Investment Research: Hi, good morning. Thank you. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about your outlet business and what you are seeing there. Is it a lack of inventory that may be hurting that business and why comps havent recovered yet?
Sharon McCollam: Laura, do you want to talk about the outlet business. I think, Kate, youre probably referring to the negative 8 comp in Q4?
Laura Alber: Yes, sure. Weve been working very hard to improve our profitability in our outlet business. Its really a strategy to recover costs for us and profit versus really a strategy of growth. And when we had inventories last year and the year prior, we pushed a lot of goods to the outlet. Frankly didnt tell them that a process. And so the merchandising teams in the brands have actually been building merchandising strategies. So the experience for the consumer in the outlet is a strong one. And we have not had to push the low profit products into the stores, which is why your single lower -- the lower sales, but also the improving profitability.
Operator: Our next question comes from Colin McGranahan with Bernstein.
Colin McGranahan  Bernstein: Good morning. I wanted to ask about supply chain, which Sharon, I think you said was 140 basis point positive delta, and obviously youve made a lot of great progress on in-sourcing and DC optimization et cetera. Can you talk about over fiscal 10 and then maybe going forward how you think about better fuel costs versus last year, container shipping costs that are out, but obviously inventory now is going to be growing. So youre just going to be running a few more trucks. How do you think about that 140 basis point delta and whats your outlook for supply chain cost in 2010?
Sharon McCollam: Well, in 2009, many of our supply chain initiatives were actually not fully rolled out until the back half of the year. So in 2010, we are going to still be receiving a lot of benefit from the initiatives that we had last year, which Howard went through in his prepared remarks, the distribution accuracy programs, the regionalizing of our large scale inventory, the in-sourcing of our furniture delivery hubs. We are also increasing the number of furniture delivery hubs that we will be in-sourcing next year. There is a substantial returns, replacements and damages reduction in that as well as oftentimes some delivery cost reductions that go along with it. The packaging initiative with Laura refer to we as a new initiative that we believe is going to gradually and incrementally improve cost of merchandise, which of course will be a nice offset to the fact that we do collectively believe that there will be commodity cost pressure this year. And in addition to that, we are also going to be implementing the first of the next phase of our consolidation strategy with our East Coast distribution center. Were going to be moving in from two buildings into one building. And once we get over the initial moving cost, the efficiencies associated with operating in one large building versus multiple buildings is substantial. Not only did we get an excellent deal by moving, because of the commercial real estate market, we also have a significant number of labor opportunities as a result of this. And then Laura already spoke to it. Im going to turn this over to Laura to talk about some of the things that they are doing and sourcing right now, particularly in Asia, to help offset the expectation that we have, the commodity costs are going to go up next year. Laura, would you speak to that, please?
Laura Alber: Sure. Remember that last year we brought on a new agent outlook to help us with our quality in our furniture categories. And this is then a great strategy for us and that they have really helped us find the best vendor for each and every product and improved the costs in manufacturing. We continue to have opportunity in that area, as it was only really a full year that we have been underway with that strategy. So we've just gotten started and are already seeing great benefits there. In addition, our agent Connor [ph], who has been focusing on our dec-ac and textiles categories, has been doing a superior job in helping us in those categories to both find new products, but also as it relates to costs to find opportunities to reduce costs. And so I'm very excited about the future with our overseas cost control, even though we do know commodities are going up. Our vendors are so loyal to us and such great partners. They know that we can't raise retail prices, and so they are very serious about how do we together hold cost down so we can keep our retails down and keep the volume up in our business together. We also are sharing with you a lot of great opportunities we have in supply chain. It is really -- it is the mindset of continuous improvement. Dean Miller and his team, every single thing that they do, they look for whats the opportunity and there are things that I'm sure they are working on this. They haven't even shared with us yet because they are so proactive in finding ways to take costs out of the system so that we can give our consumers the best price possible.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli  RBC Capital Markets: Hi, guys, how are you?
Sharon McCollam: Good.
Scot Ciccarelli  RBC Capital Markets: Advertising spend and inventory levels are down sharply year-over-year and certainly from peak levels, and I know you guys are continuing to kind of shift your talent distribution. But is there a point where you think you need to ramp up advertising spend and/or inventory build to further drive sales growth?
Sharon McCollam: Well, weve said consistently that the catalog circulation optimization strategy was just that. It was the manifestation of a tremendous amount of systems work that have been done and the ability for us to be able to optimize our catalog circulation based on data that we had added to our files. Where we are today is an advertising cost rate that we feel very good about, and I would like Pat to speak to that so he can explain a little more about what we are doing in catalog advertising and how we are shifting that over to paid search. Pat, would you like to speak to that?
Pat Connolly: Sure, Sharon. I think one of the things that we are doing is every month we have a catalog investment meeting, and for each brand, we go through and look at the current performance almost day-to-day and make the decisions about how we spend the last part of our advertising cost. What we have seen is that for existing customers the catalog is a very, very effective advertising vehicle. Last year we began to introduce some new specialized formats, particularly in Pottery Barn Kids that are very exciting because they are in incremental. They are not taking the place of catalogs we are already mailing. So even though we've optimized, the catalog teams are continuing to find ways to market through the catalog at very low cost. At the same time, we are seeing that the Internet, our digital marketing efforts are very effective in acquiring new customers. And combined with the social aspects of pushing our brands further into the web, it further increases the effectiveness of our digital marketing efforts. So across the board, we see the opportunity to save -- to basically keep our ad cost rate at the levels we have, but maximize the sales against those rates.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lasser with Barclays Capital.
Michael Lasser  Barclays Capital: Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. You recently indicated that about half of the sales from the closed doors are flowing through to either other locations or the direct business. How does that trend out? Is it an immediate impact or does it happen over time? And then secondly, can you talk about the performance of various categories across all brands in opening price points versus higher end price point items?
Sharon McCollam: Absolutely. Michael, on the trajectory of retaining sales on store closings, the analysis that was done that you are referring to was based on stores that have been closed for more than one year. So obviously the store closings that we just did, the 23 stores that we closed in 2009, of course we are going to be watching those. Well, we are not going to wait for those results. We feel very confident in the fact that as a multi-channel retailer, we are going to retain more sales in store closings in multi-store markets. Remember that those results are in highly dense multi-store markets. So where we are closing stores in those markets, we are able to not only shift those sales into other stores in the market, but also to be able to use our direct marketing capabilities to bring those customers into the brand through direct. So that is the opportunity that we have, that we believe other retailers are missing today. As far as the performance of our merchandising categories, I would like Laura to speak to that because it was the home furnishing trends where you have the greatest impact from the introduction of entry price points.
Laura Alber: Sure. The focus last year was to introduce more entry price points, as we had plenty of high-level price points. We didn't need to introduce as many products there if at all in the brands. And so as a result, it is the combination of both the newness and the appealing nature of the opening price points that really drove this category, and it is the opening price points where we have the growth and it is where we are going to continue to focus this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Laura Champine with Cowen & Company.
Laura Champine  Cowen & Company:
 :
Pat Connolly: Laura, I will take that one first. I think some of it is certainly a change in the trend, but we have had a lot of success from these digital marketing initiatives that weve put forth. And as I said, we still think there is a lot more opportunity. We are increasing the percentage of our total advertising spend as a percentage of the total into e-commerce, and that is what is driving it. Very effective for acquiring new customers.
Sharon McCollam: And then to your question on West Elm store closing, and then I want Laura to talk about the West Elm growth strategy from a retail point of view, the locations in West Elm that we closed in 2009 were not in multi-store markets. However, many of those leases were opportunities where we had a co-tenancy failure situation or a situation where the mall or the area we went into, we did not believe was going to support the West Elm brand because of the change in the economy. And to the extent that we could reposition the real estate in those markets in the future, we felt that to seize that opportunity was the right thing to do. The stores we are closing in 2010, we are not prepared to speak to. We have a lot of announcements that would have to be made associated with that, as you can understand. So we are not going to be speaking to those. Laura, do you want to talk about the growth strategy at retail for West Elm?
Laura Alber: Sure. We are very excited about West Elm, as I said earlier, and are underway working on the models, the retail model and the direct model, to improve it not just from profit levels but sales volume because we know that we need much -- we need a lot more sales in each and every one of our stores. And so we are looking at broadening these (inaudible) as I said earlier, really remixing it, remerchandising it, and repricing it. We are not looking at opening any new stores until we see great success in the existing stores. And when we do, we will be back to you with a rollout strategy.
Operator: Our next question will come from Neely Tamminga with Piper Jaffray.
Neely Tamminga  Piper Jaffray: Great. And fantabulous, guys -- fabulous here.
Sharon McCollam: Thank you, Neely.
Neely Tamminga  Piper Jaffray: So, hey, Laura, for you on the merchandising front, can you give us a little sneak peek around the corner with respect to where the opportunities may be particularly at Pottery Barn, and maybe just talk more hypothetically about, you know, is outdoor a three-week season or is it going to be a three-month season? Thanks.
Laura Alber: Thank you. We have so many great opportunities this year. We are seeing the customer respond again to seasonal holidays, which is great. We love the seasonal holidays. We have tremendous marketing behind them through the balance of this year and see that as an opportunity. Outdoor, in many ways is a seasonal holiday. And I don't think people bought a lot of it last year. I think there is pent-up demand to buy outdoor furniture, and certainly there are fewer competitors, as we saw. Unfortunately, Smith and Hawken go out of business, its great for us. And weve really built our assortment knowing that we would have that opportunity. So you are going to see a beautifully assorted catalog; incredible, direct e-commerce marketing; and the in-store set I think is probably the best that we have seen yet. New price points are for new materials, new colors. So we should have a great outdoor season, so off to a good start here, and it is pretty early in the year. So I'm optimistic about outdoor. And then beyond that, we have really -- in every one of our brand, we are very focused on product launches through the back half of the year and beyond and how do we do them in a bigger way. We have new tools to use with e-commerce. We have partnerships that we have developed that we have never had before, and we are so excited for the launch of new products into the back half and beyond.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christian Buss with Thomas Weisel.
Christian Buss  Thomas Weisel: Yes, hi, congrats on the nice quarter.
Sharon McCollam: Thank you.
Christian Buss  Thomas Weisel: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about incremental incentive compensation expense in 2010 and how to think about that?
Sharon McCollam: We do not expect to see an increase in compensation expense in 2010. We have inhered in the guidance there is no increase in compensation expense. Where we do have increases, however, in SG&A dollars is from a merit incentive that we did. We did a merit increase this year. As you know, for several years we had held our salary levels, and this year we felt we needed to do a merit increase for our associates. They have added so much value to the company, and competitively, it was very important. And it was important that we reward them for their contributions. So we did do a merit increase this year. It was a small, low-single digit increase, but that is unrelated to incentive compensation.
Operator: We will go now go to Mike Baker with Deutsche Bank.
Mike Baker  Deutsche Bank: Thanks. So I just want to ask a quick question on the direct-to-customer business, I think it was -- if I look at the November, December versus the full year it, I think if my math is right, does speak to little bit of a slowdown in January, whereas the retail accelerated. So I was wondering if you could address that.
Sharon McCollam: Pat, would you like to speak to the trends that you saw in e-commerce this year?
Patrick Connolly: Sure. We saw in e-commerce, in particular, we had increasing trends throughout the year actually. In January, we had a mid-double digit increase -- mid-teen double-digit increase in e-commerce demand during the month of January.
Operator: And due to the time, that will be the last question for today. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Lester for any final and closing remarks.
Howard Lester: Well, just thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your time and support, and we will talk to you next quarter. Have a great day.
Operator: And once again, this does conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-11-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen C. Nelson - Director, Investor Relations W. Howard Lester - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Sharon L. McCollam - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President Laura J. Alber - President Patrick J. Connolly - Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer, Director
Analysts: Analyst for Colin McGranahan - Sanford C. Bernstein Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Analyst for Alan Rifkin - Banc of America Merrill Lynch Analyst for Budd Bugatch - Raymond James Joe Feldman - Telsey Advisory Group Analyst for Matt Neemer - Wells Fargo Securities Analyst for David Magee - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Laura Champine - Cowen & Company Anthony Chukumba - FTN Equity Capital Markets Janet Kloppenberg - JJK Research Scott Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Neely Tamminga - Piper Jaffray Christian Boothe - Thomas Weisel Brad Thomas - Keybanc Capital Markets Analyst for Kristine Koerber - JMP Securities  
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma Incorporated third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Steve Nelson, Director of Investor Relations to discuss non-GAAP measures and forward-looking statements.
Stephen C. Nelson: Good morning. This morning's conference call should be considered in conjunction with the press release that we issued earlier today.  Our press release and this call contain non-GAAP financial measures that exclude the impact of unusual business events. These non-GAAP financial measures are provided to facilitate meaningful year over year comparisons. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and an explanation of why these non-GAAP financial measures are useful are discussed in Exhibit One of the press release. The forward-looking statements included in this call constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform of 1995. These statements address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, guidance, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2009 and beyond and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company's current press releases and SEC filings for more information on these risks and uncertainties.  The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call. I will now turn the conference call over to Howard Lester, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
W. Howard Lester: Good morning and thanks for joining us. With me today is Laura Alber, our President; Pat Connolly, our Chief Marketing Officer; and Sharon McCollam, our Chief Operating and Chief Financial Officer. I want to begin today with an overview of our third quarter 2009 results and our outlook for the balance of the year. Then I'll turn the call over to Sharon and Laura for further details. While the home furnishing sector remained under pressure in the third quarter, we were extremely pleased to see our business trends improve. Throughout the quarter, we saw a strengthening consumer response to both our merchandising and marketing strategies and progressively better than expected sales and margins. We also saw ongoing financial and operational benefits from our cost containment and inventory management initiatives and a significant improvement in cash flow.  In the third quarter on a 3% revenue decline, we delivered non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.16 versus a $0.10 loss last year. We also continued to strengthen the balance sheet and ended the quarter with a record Q3 cash balance of $229 million.  During the quarter, comparable store sales were positive for the first time in eight quarters. This has created strong momentum in the field and the timing couldnt be better as we enter the holiday season. Comparable store sales increased 1.7%, which is both a one-year and a two-year trend improvement versus the first half of the year. This is encouraging because it validates the emphasis we have placed on driving traffic and conversion and demonstrates the effectiveness of our in-store marketing. In our core brands, sales trends improved in every brand. In total, net revenues decreased 2%. Pottery Barn, where we saw the greatest improvement, increased 1%. Williams-Sonoma decreased 2% and Pottery Barn Kids by 5%. What is most encouraging about these results is their correlation with the rollout of our revitalization initiatives and their affirmation of our merchandising and marketing strategies. Laura is going to talk more about the Pottery Barn revitalization initiatives later in this mornings call.  In the Williams-Sonoma brand, we continued to see the same economic resilience we have seen all year and the early reads on holiday are encouraging. During the quarter, while comparable store sales declined 2%, selling margins began to rebound to historical levels. Strong merchandising, tight inventories, and a focus on exclusivity drove these better than expected results. Innovative and exclusive product offerings continued to lead the brands overall merchandising performance.  In our emerging brands, which include West Elm, PBTeen, and Williams-Sonoma Home, net revenues decreased 8%. Laura will speak to the performance of PBTeen and West Elm. Laura recently assumed responsibility for the West Elm and the team is making significant progress in several key organizational and operational issues in very short order. Most notably is the success they are having in leveraging the knowledge, scale, and infrastructure of our other home furnishings brands to drive West Elm sales and margin opportunities.  In Williams-Sonoma Home, revenue and margin trends did not improve during the quarter. As such, our concern about the luxury home furnishings market have escalated and we are critically assessing the positioning of the brand going forward. In the meantime, we are implementing inventory management, catalog circulation, and merchandising strategies that will optimize cash flow while maintaining flexibility as we contemplate a longer term strategy for this brand.  At the end of the third quarter, net assets in the brand including inventory were approximately $25 million and we have a long-term real estate commitment on 11 stores.  In supply chain, we continue to see both customer service and financial benefits from our ongoing transportation and quality returns initiatives. During the quarter, we completed the coastal consolidation of our large cube inventory and we are now shipping together orders that historically were delivered in multiple shipments. We are also consolidating six third-party furniture delivery hubs into one company-operated hub in Columbus, Ohio. Both of these initiatives are driving a significantly improved customer experience and increased margin dollars.  In real estate, we continue to make progress on our occupancy cost reduction initiatives which resulted in 20 basis points of non-GAAP sales leverage in the third quarter. This is the first period of occupancy leverage in eight quarters. By the end of the year, we will have increased our permanent store closings from 16 to 20 and eliminated 1.2 million square feet of excess distribution capacity and 80,000 square feet of excess office space. As we enter the fourth quarter, we continue to be encouraged by the sales and margins trends that we are seeing today, particularly in our core brands.  So as such, we are increasing our revenue and earnings guidance to reflect the upside. In revenue, we are increasing our guidance by $70 million to a range of $970 million to $1.03 billion. In earnings, we are increasing our guidance by $0.09 to a range of $0.36 to $0.45 per diluted share. But inherent in this guidance remains an appropriate level of conservatism. We believe our success has been driven by the things we can control. The overall economy, on the other hand, is still fragile so we are running the company with both in mind but we also believe that if you create a compelling reason for the customer to shop, offer them great value and serve them better than anyone else, there is a share to be gained and we are aggressively going after it.  So let me now turn the call over to Sharon for more details on the quarter and our guidance. 
Sharon L. McCollam: Thank you, Howard. Good morning. Our third quarter results did once again substantially exceed our expectations as we strive to capture market share, optimize our advertising dollars, drive efficiencies in our supply chain, and maximize profitability and cash flow. The P&L highlights were as follows -- net revenues decreased 3% to $729 million. Retail net revenues increased 1%, including a comparable store sales increase of 1.7%. Direct-to-customer net revenues on the other hand decreased 8% but would have been in line with the total company revenue decline had it not been for the impact of revenue recognition and private label credit card discounts.  Catalog circulation during the quarter was down 18% and 21% respectively for catalog and catalog pages circd, and Internet revenues were down 7%.  Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.16 versus a loss of $0.10 last year. These results were $0.11 above both the high-end of guidance and the first call consensus estimate. Stronger than expected sales, greater than expected full price selling, and earlier than expected financial benefits from our 2009 supply chain initiatives drove these better than expected results.  GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.07, including a $0.06 charge associated with underperforming retail stores and a $0.03 charge associated with the closure of excess distribution capacity.  Non-GAAP gross margin 290 basis points to 34.9%. This improvement was driven by a decrease in cost of merchandise sold, including the benefit from reduce markdowns, reduced freight costs, favourable replacement and damage expense, and occupancy expense reductions.  And finally, non-GAAP SG&A expenses decreased 330 basis points to 31.1%. This decrease was driven by the ongoing benefits from our infrastructure cost reduction program and catalog circulation optimization strategy, partially offset by an increase in incentive compensation.  We also significantly strengthened the balance sheet during the quarter with the following year over year results -- cash and cash equivalents increased over $200 million to $229 million. Merchandise inventories decreased a better-than-expected $150 million, or 21.5%, to $545 million. This decrease was across all brands and all key categories. And prepaid catalog expenses decreased $12 million, or 21% to $42 million. This decrease was primarily driven by reductions in catalog circulation. I would now like to briefly discuss our fourth quarter guidance. This whole year, our revenue guidance has been based on the continuation of the October/November 2008 two-year trend. But for six months, we have seen our business progressively improve from that trend. As such, while still conservative, we are reflecting in todays guidance this improved trend and are increasing our fourth quarter guidance by $70 million or approximately 7% to $970 million to $1.03 billion. While this may appear to be a slight deceleration from the third quarter, it actually isnt because the fourth quarters of the past two years have included unprofitable inventory clearance sales that we have said all year we will not comp.  From an earnings perspective, we are increasing our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share guidance for the fourth quarter by $0.09 to $0.36 to $0.45 to reflect the higher sales and an approximate 25% flow-through. Again, there is conservatism here because in the perfect world our business model on the upside in Q4 would flow through at a higher level, all things being equal. But we believe it is still prudent to assume an appropriate level of conservatism in our selling margins and variable SG&A in the event the consumer retrenches, or retailers become increasingly promotional in the fourth quarter.  As Howard said earlier, the economy is still fragile and those companies that emerge stronger are the ones who remain flexible in their strategies today.  Our fourth quarter SG&A guidance also assumes a higher accrual for incentive compensation based on substantially improving results. For the full year, based on our better-than-expected performance in the third quarter and our increase in guidance in the fourth, we are raising our 2009 P&L guidance as follows -- net revenues are now expected to only decline in the range of 9% to 11%. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share are now expected to be in the range of $0.43 to $0.52, despite approximately 125 basis points of occupancy deleverage based on an expected $515 million of expense. And GAAP diluted earnings per share, including $0.18 of unusual business events, are now expected to be in the range of $0.25 to $0.34.  From a balance sheet perspective, we are maintaining our inventory guidance in the range of $480 million to $510 million and lowering our capital spending guidance to the range of $85 million to $90 million.  We continue to believe that the actions we have taken to address this new retail environment from both an operational and financial perspective have been the right ones and we remain committed to optimizing growth, profitability, and cash flow despite the top line challenges we believe we will continue to face.  I would now like to turn the call over to Laura to discuss the Pottery Barn and West Elm brands. 
Laura J. Alber: Thank you, Sharon. Good morning. I will start with the Pottery Barn brand. Net revenues in the third quarter decreased a better than expected 1%. This decline was driven by a decrease in the direct-to-customer channel partially offset by a 7.6% increase in comparable store sales. Although demand in the direct-to-customer channel was positive in the third quarter, net revenues were lower due to the impact from revenue recognition and private label credit card discounts. We are extremely encouraged by these results because they continue to demonstrate a sustaining trend of top line improvement on both a one-year and two-year basis and affirm the effectiveness of our strategies to drive customers to the brand.  From a merchandising perspective, all key categories with the exception of table top delivered positive growth during the quarter. A strong cohesive assortment, compelling price points, and attractive private label credit card program drove these better-than-expected results.  From an operational perspective during the quarter, gross margin continued to climb as the cumulative benefits of our inventory management and supply chain initiatives began hitting the P&L. These initiatives include strategically balancing inventory levels with full priced selling and margin objectives, partnering with our vendors to reduce berth costs, re-negotiating our ocean freight and furniture delivery contracts, in-sourcing our furniture delivery hubs, and expanding our upholstered furniture operations.  In direct marketing, the catalog, circulation, optimization strategy continued to drive better-than-expected results on both on both the top and bottom lines, as we continue to shift our investment in marginal catalog circulation to e-commerce.  As we look forward to the fourth quarter, we are very encouraged by the strong consumer response that we have seen to both our fall and holiday merchandise assortments and are appropriately chasing inventory across categories. As such, we believe the strategies we have in place for the fourth quarter are the right ones and are confident in our ability to execute against them despite our belief that we will continue to operate in a fragile economic environment.  Now I would like to talk about Pottery Barn Kids. During this quarter, net revenues declined a better than expected 5%, which was a significant improvement in trend and the strongest validation we have had of the customers acceptance of our new merchandise strategies.  Comparable store sales declined 3.1%. Similar to Pottery Barn, the consumer response to our entry price points, classic assortment, and in-store selling and marketing programs outperformed across the board, driving both better sales and stronger selling margins.  From a merchandising perspective during the quarter, categories such as decorative accessories at accessible price points remained our strongest. Furniture, however, was not far behind and continues to show progressively improving results each month.  From an operational perspective during the quarter, we continue to see ongoing benefits from our supply chain initiative. We also made further progress on reducing our retail occupancy costs, including increasing our 2009 permanent store closings to 7 by the end of the year.  As we look forward to the fourth quarter, we are continuing to focus on bringing old and new customers into the brand through aggressive marketing of our entry price points, online marketing, and the enhancement of our retail service model. We are also continuing to shift our advertising spend from catalog to e-commerce as we capitalize on the launch of our new website and new functionality and customized email, affiliate marketing, and search.  To date, we are extremely pleased with the initial consumer response to our fall and holiday assortments and our new initiatives are exceeding our expectations.  I would now like to talk about the Pottery Barn Teen brand. PBTeen remains the best performing brand in the company on both a one-year and two-year basis and we are extremely encouraged by the early reads on fall and holiday. Net revenues during the quarter a better than expected 1% versus a 2% decrease last year. Selling margins were also ahead of expectations. From a merchandising perspective, new product introductions at a great value continue to be our best performers.  As we look forward to the fourth quarter, we will continue to focus on extending the reach of the brand and enhancing our position as a top of mind destination for home furnishings for teens.  Finally, I would like to talk about West Elm. West Elm, like our other brands, did see a decline in net revenues during the quarter but still exceeded our expectations on both the top and bottom lines despite a residual impact from the low in-stock position in furniture that we discussed last quarter. But these issues are now resolved and we are optimistic that we will see an even further pick-up in West Elm's top line performance in the fourth quarter, since more than half of the brands business is driven by furniture.  Operationally in West Elm, we are excited about the opportunities that the new reporting structure is creating for the brand. In a very short period of time, we have been able to identify a number of sourcing, merchandising, marketing, and supply chain opportunities that are currently benefiting the Pottery Barn brands that we can roll out to the West Elm brand.  Another exciting change in West Elm is the hiring of Jim Brett as our new head of West Elm. Jim will be joining us in January directly from Urban Outfitters where he most recently served as Chief Merchandising Officer. Prior to that role, Jim led Anthropologie Home for four years. Jim is a dynamic leader with a proven retail track record and we are anxious to begin benefiting from his contributions. Jim will be based in Brooklyn with the West Elm team.  I would now like to open the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Colin McGranahan with Sanford Bernstein.
Analyst for Colin McGranahan - Sanford C. Bernstein: Its [Avery Sheffield] filling in for Colin. I was curious, relating to the catalog optimization strategy, this quarter the direct sales growth outpaced or the decline outpaced the decline in mailings. Is this giving you a sense that you might be at a turning point of cutting catalog circulation?
Sharon L. McCollam: Pat, would you take that question, please?
Patrick J. Connolly: Actually, I think it is a turning point for us. Weve seen some substantial improvements in the catalogs that we have mailed most recently here toward the end of the quarter and at the same time, we are looking at a number of new programs in e-commerce that are replacing some of the marginal catalog mailings we are doing, we have been doing. We are very excited about the prospects we see going forward. 
Operator: Next well hear from Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: I want to focus on SG&A -- can you talk about the kind of variable expenses that might kick in as your comps turn positive, first excluding incentive compensation, whether its labor or other SG&A and then secondly, if you can kind of help quantify the magnitude of the incentive numbers in the quarter and in the fourth quarter, if you happen to exceed your gross profit numbers, is there a point at which the incentives could take the SG&A up as well? Thanks so much. 
Sharon L. McCollam: Matt, as far as the variable expenses go related to upside in the fourth quarter, when you think about our business, the places that you are going to see variable SG&A on the upside is going to be in store labor but of course remember that doesnt take your fixed expense up. If we start seeing better comps, we will need to put more people on the floor in our stores. Then, when you look at the call centers, you have the same dynamic and then of course you have to ship the product, so that would be from a DC point of view. But its only the variable piece of that, not the fixed.  On the downside when you look at the conservatism that I have in the guidance for SG&A, the issue there is that when you are staffing to achieve a certain number, you bring people in and if the sales dont come, of course, then you deleverage. So thats the downside and the upside associated with that.  As it relates to incentive compensation, the incentive compensation is in at where we believe that if these results occurred, it would come. I dont expect to see substantial additional SG&A to come into that above and beyond this guidance in the event that we do over-achieve, so I dont see that going up from that perspective.  I think those were all your questions. 
Operator: Next well hear from Alan Rifkin with Banc of America Merrill Lynch.
Analyst for Alan Rifkin - Banc of America Merrill Lynch: This is [Vincent Sinisi] in for Alan. Sharon, first question, if I can, if you could just give any color in terms of what you saw, whether it be by housing markets, you know, geography, or if it was really just kind of a broad-based, broad improvement? Obviously you noted the factors that came in basically across the board ahead of expectations. Just wondering if geography had anything to do with it. 
Sharon L. McCollam: You know, across the country, we saw very similar lift in performance. I think if you wanted to get down into small details and looking at very small markets across the country, I think you would say that some of the areas that were hit so hard last year after Lehmans fell, the high net worth areas where people took that impact, in those markets where we have our highest end stores, we did see what we would consider to be out of the pack performance in some of those markets and I think that would be related to how bad they got a year ago. But generally across the country we saw a lift everywhere, which is why we are very encouraged and why we feel so confident in the increase of our fourth quarter guidance because we are not seeing it in any one place or one category. Our whole business has lifted. 
Analyst for Alan Rifkin - Banc of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, great and just one follow-up -- as you are planning further toward the holiday advertising strategies, I noticed that your full-year catalog circulation is now expected to be down 16% to 17% versus 17 to 19 prior, a slight difference there -- is that just simply a case where you are getting, you are seeing the better results than you originally saw or is there something more to that in terms of catalog focus versus e-commerce?
Sharon L. McCollam: Im going to let Pat speak to that. Catalog circulation is a surgical process, so Pat, could you speak to it?
Patrick J. Connolly: Well, I dont know if it is that surgical but our catalog circulation decreases will be in the neighbourhood of around 13% in Q4, so they will be less than Q3 and less than the year overall and Id point out in Q3 that the minus 18 was against a plus 1% in demand, so we are very encouraged by the results that we saw there, particularly in Pottery Barn. 
Operator: Next well hear from Budd Bugatch with Raymond James.
Analyst for Budd Bugatch - Raymond James: This is actually T.J. [McConville] filling in for Budd. Sharon or Laura, you both made reference to the revenue offset based on the private label credit card penetration -- was there an increase in penetration of private label credit card or was there a change in the deal that you are offering?
Sharon L. McCollam: Ill let Laura speak to how they are using the private label credit card in Pottery Barn. We did not implement the aggressive programs that we have in place today until post-Lehman last year. So in many cases, these are new programs to the brands and they are absolutely supporting the business today. It is a significant investment -- you know, its like a markdown. We have two key programs in place. The first one is a 12-month same-as-cash program, which is very different than what other retailers are offering because in our 12-month same-as-cash program, we have no retroactive interest. So if you dont pay it at the end of 12 months, they dont come back at the credit card company and charge you the retroactive interest all the way back to the first day of the purchase. That of course costs us a significant amount of money to pay the third party credit card provider for the loss of that interest on the retroactive side.  Then we implemented -- enhanced, actually -- our loyalty program but Laura, would you like to speak to how it is driving Pottery Barn and what you are seeing from a penetration point of view, et cetera?
Laura J. Alber: Sure. As Sharon said, it continues to gain momentum and we really believe it helps the customer make the decisions they want to make and actually purchase the product, particularly at retail, on the higher ticket and its been a great tool for the sales force at retail and it does cost us money. We believe it is the right thing to do now and we also see great loyalty -- when they receive their rewards, they come back and they spend even more than the rewards are and that we believe is incremental revenue. So all in, the program is working for us, although it does hit the P&L on the margin line. 
Operator: Next well hear from Joe Feldman with Telsey Advisory Group.
Joe Feldman - Telsey Advisory Group: I wanted to ask you about West Elm -- I know Laura was running through the commentary pretty quickly. And she made a comment about West Elm doing better, expected to do better in the fourth quarter. I was hoping you could just give me a little more color on what you think is going to drive that. 
Laura J. Alber: Sure. Im sorry for speaking quickly -- my comment was in reference to improved in-stock on some key furniture collections that were extremely depleted previous to this period, so just getting back in stock is going to significantly affect the top line performance. 
Joe Feldman - Telsey Advisory Group: Thank you, and then if I could ask a quick follow-up -- on PBTeen, if I recall correctly, you guys were testing it in a couple of stores and even a freestanding store. I was just curious about an update on that. 
Laura J. Alber: Sure. Yes, we are pleased with the results so far. You know, it was an opportunistic strategy. We had a store, a thread store that wasnt working that we converted. We had the real estate and we wanted to see if we could make this work and it is working. Its really a show room for the catalog in terms of its very small square footage. Its in New York City and thats performing well.  We also added the product into our store in Chicago and its in our kids store where there was a separate entrance and a separate space for the teen merchandise, which we think is really important and we are seeing nice results there. Not only is it doing well in terms of square footage, but it is driving the kids business as well in terms of we believe getting more traffic into the store.  At this point, it is not a strategy, it is not a rollout strategy. It is something we did because we had the real estate and we believed it would help the existing real estate perform better. But we are incredibly pleased with the performance of PBTeen as a direct-to-consumer only strategy and are continuing to focus on growing it and we do not feel limited -- we dont feel limited in our growth by the fact that we dont have stores. We actually believe that its a great model and we are so excited about its future. 
Operator: Next well hear from Matt Neemer with Wells Fargo Securities.
Analyst for Matt Neemer - Wells Fargo Securities: Its actually [Tricia Dylan] for Matt -- just a quick question on the direct business. With indirect, when you are looking at trends on a two-year basis, it looks like catalog sales trends improved sequentially from 2Q to 3Q but Internet sales trends got a little worse. Can you talk about what might be driving the difference outside of lower clearance activity this year? Intuitively it seems like Internet sales would be better than catalog, given just overall outperformance of e-commerce. 
Sharon L. McCollam: Im going to let Pat talk about the multi-channel catalog e-commerce, what we are doing there and how it is affecting us. Pat, why dont you take that?
Patrick J. Connolly: Well, on a -- I think that because the catalog drives so much revenue to the web, that that may be misleading in looking at that. I think you are referring to the fact that catalog circulation was down more than revenue where the e-commerce revenues didnt grow as much but thats really -- you have to really combine both of them together. We are very pleased with how the overall trend is moving, especially sequentially here toward the end of the quarter and moving into the fourth quarter.
Laura J. Alber: I do want to make the comment to add to that that in our direct business, we have significant decrease in markdown activity sale goods and that is -- you know, as you look at the gross margin dollar comp, if you will, we are seeing significant improvement over last year in our merchandise margins. However, we know, as Sharon mentioned in her earlier comments, that it does affect the top line a little bit. But we know its the right trade. 
Operator: Next well hear from David Magee with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Analyst for David Magee - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: This is [Kris Rabaldjay] on the call for David. Just looking at Pottery Barn and the sustainability of some of the pick-up that you have seen there, do you feel like it is mostly pent-up demand from existing customers, new customers, or to what extent its either of those? And then also in regions where you have seen some consolidation in the space, do you feel like thats been helping to drive the improvement?
Sharon L. McCollam: Laura, do you want to speak to that?
Laura J. Alber: Sure, thank you. You know, we do believe that there is some pent-up demand and we also know that we are getting new customers into the brand and we measure that all the time. Weve seen a turnaround at our new customer metrics and we are very focused on driving new customers in with our strategies, both in product, our paid search and e-marketing strategies, and our strategies in-store and in our catalog printing with lower price point products, prominently displayed because lower price point tends to drive new customers in. So you will see us continue to focus on that to get our -- get new customers to the brand.  We also -- we believe we are picking up market share as people either close their doors or as their strategies dont work as well as they had hoped and we are just absolutely focused on the things we know our customers appreciate, which are great product quality, reasonable prices, and great service. And that has been the focus that we have had for the last two years and we are seeing that pay off and we know that there is still room to improve all of those areas.  So we believe we are going to continue to see sequential improvement in the Pottery Barn brand, both in top line and margins as the customer continues to notice the changes we have made and we are not counting on the economy to improve our business. We believe the customer has fundamentally changed the way they shop. They expect more. They want value, and we are committed to delivering it to them. 
Patrick J. Connolly: Let me add one thing to what Laura said -- we were seeing in the most recent mailings in Pottery Barn a significant improvement in the comparable segment performance of the catalogs, which is very positive. And we have seen a significant increase in new customer acquisition that really began with the first drop of the fall catalog and has continued. The other tactic that we have employed is a very successful reactivation strategy that is working in concert with these opening price point strategies that Laura has implemented that has helped to bring back some of the customers who hadnt been buying from us for several years. 
Operator: Next well hear from Laura Champine with Cowen & Company.
Laura Champine - Cowen & Company: Its obvious that you have done a good job taking the cost structure back to before boom levels but Ive got a big picture question about the top lines -- the sales are off about $900 million from the peak, about $300 million from last year. How long in a normalized economy do you think it takes, given where you are in the maturity of your various concepts to make up the difference?
Sharon L. McCollam: We are currently improving each quarter and I think the question is, this is all about math. What we could say to you as far as an answer goes is nothing more than a mathematical calculation and we are not sitting here today saying that we know where this economy is going. What we believe about the economy, what we have consistently said is that we believe that it is a reset, that it will be slow growth going forward. What we are focused on is improving our cash flow and our operating margins and bringing our business model in line with it on the upside. We all know that the leverage is substantial.  So as far as where -- what it takes to get there, we peaked at 10% operating margins and what we would like to see is over the next three to four years, that we just can gradually and incrementally improve those margins with a little bit of top line -- Im talking low-single-digit. We absolutely see gross margins, selling margin improvement that is still a big opportunity. You know, weve talked today a lot about the improvement in our selling margins but we are in no way back to the levels that we saw pre-recession. So in the selling margin, we have opportunity. Occupancy, we are continuing to bring that in line. It takes a little time, so thats why I am saying three to four years. Youve got to bring that in line. But everything we are doing is not about hoping that the economy does a hockey stick improvement. Everything we are doing is about getting our cash flows back to historical levels and we have to accept where the economy goes at this point and we expect to gain market share in this environment. 
Operator: Next well hear from Anthony Chukumba with FTN Equity Capital Markets.
Anthony Chukumba - FTN Equity Capital Markets: I just had a question -- I mean, on Williams-Sonoma Home -- you mentioned that the revenue margin trends did not improve. It sounds like the high-end consumer really hasnt kind of come back or people are not buying things at higher price points and I was just wondering -- is that also sort of applicable to the rest of your businesses as well? In other words, are you seeing a lot more demand with some of the newer entry level price point products as opposed to some of your higher price point products?
Sharon L. McCollam: Absolutely not. This is a dynamic that appears to be related to the luxury home furnishings market. We are seeing furniture run at the same percent of sales in our other brands. Weve seen actually improvement in our high-end ticket. When you think about Williams-Sonoma, where we are seeing strong sales, its in cookware, its in electric, and those are pretty high price point products.  But in Williams-Sonoma Home, that is the only brand we have that we believe truly participates in what we would define and what anyone would probably define as true luxury. And I think that that is a very tough area and we continue -- we are assessing it, we are looking at it, and we will keep you posted but the numbers that we see in Williams-Sonoma Home in no way are comparable to the numbers that we are seeing in any other brand. 
Operator: Next well hear from Janet Kloppenberg with JJK Research.
Janet Kloppenberg - JJK Research: A couple of questions -- I know your inventories are down dramatically and I know that your holiday product is selling well. Im just wondering, Laura, if you could talk about any possibility of shortages that could temper the sales results for holiday. And also, I think you had some pretty strong promotions last year in the fourth quarter -- 
Laura J. Alber: Im sorry, are you done? The phone cut off. Sure, Id love to answer that, Janet. We are seeing better than expected results on our holiday assortment. We are off to a strong start. It looks like customers are decorating again and we know that they are entertaining at home. We are pretty well-positioned in terms of inventory. We do have some areas that we will be short on, like we always have. And particularly in some of the newer items but we are marketing what we own. We are -- we have a lot of other great products. We have pushed out more core products to our stores. We are pulling up some spring new flow for late December and we feel confident that we can achieve the levels that we have guided to in terms of if we substantially start beating the number, I will probably be talking next time about chasing even more inventory. We are looking very closely at the receipt flow for our spring assortment, which we think is also incredibly strong, and placing our bets on items that are similar to the ones that are selling well now.  I think what is great about it is that we are retraining our customer to buy things as they come out versus waiting for the markdown.  In terms of promotions, we believe that promotions in this time are an important way to bring new customers in and to compete with the competition that is highly promotional and we have planned our promotions already. So we have bought into them for the holiday season and we are going to be able to execute them, which is a very important part of our longer term strategy of growth.  So you will not see us pull back on the planned promotions. We can execute them and you will see us buy back into some of the fast-movers and market what we own. 
Operator: Next well hear from Scott Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scott Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: Sharon, could you give us just a quick housekeeping item -- what was the impact of the clearance sales from last year as we try and figure out the actual run-rates of the business?
Sharon L. McCollam: Last year -- you know, everything we are talking about is on a two-year trend basis but last year specifically in the fourth quarter, we have quantified that number previously at $20 million. Its about 2% of fourth quarter sales last year. 
Operator: Next well hear from Neely Tamminga with Piper Jaffray.
Neely Tamminga - Piper Jaffray: Congratulations and good luck for holiday. My question is about the outlook, or the outlook for outlet -- how would we be thinking about that considering youve done such a great job at inventory reduction? And maybe not just Q4 but as we look into next year too. Thank you.
Sharon L. McCollam: Outlet is not a strategy for our company per se. As you know, we only have 18 stores by the end of this year and the outlet is definitely an opportunity for us to clear merchandise. Ill let Laura, shes got the biggest outlet business because she runs the biggest businesses, and weve had a lot of focus on the outlet this year so I would like to turn this over to Laura and let her talk about what they are doing in the Pottery Barn outlet and then Sonoma is doing very similar things, so Laura, maybe you could speak to that. 
Laura J. Alber: Sure. We put the outlet businesses into the brands so that we could ensure that the experience was on brand and that we had not only a place to liquidate profitably overstocks and chip and dent from our mail order business but also that we were buying into goods to make the entire assortment compelling for the outlet customer. And we are -- we have seen a reduction in total inventories in our outlet stores, similar to the reduction we see in our full line stores. We have a strategy where we buy into core product and into past bestsellers to feed our outlet stores and that is working. Our focus is really to improve the shopping experience, to clear the inventory profitably, and overall to improve the profitability of the brand by improving the productivity in the outlets, and we are well on track in all brands to do that. 
Operator: Next well hear from Christian Boothe with Thomas Weisel. 
Christian Boothe - Thomas Weisel: I was wondering if you could provide some perspective into the accelerated store closings. 
Sharon L. McCollam: Absolutely. Howard, would you like to speak to that, please?
W. Howard Lester: Well, you know, we are working hard in our real estate department with our landlords on opportunities to close stores that had become marginal because of the sales that we have had out of this economy and it is slow going. You can see by the numbers but we are trying to persevere. We are working hard with the landlords and trying to be as creative as possible and think a lot about what our store base is going to look like and what we are going to pay for it in this refit economy as we go forward over the next two or three years, that Sharon spoke of. 
Sharon L. McCollam: Additionally, we are also making substantial progress on the renegotiations. You know, what you see in the P&L or in the guidance that we provide is the store closures. We are not disclosing and are not going to disclose because of the confidentiality agreements we have with landlords, the renegotiations that are also occurring. Numbers we have provided you previously is between now and 2012, a quarter of all of our store leases are coming up for renewal and every time that happens, one of those stores is an opportunity to renegotiate. We also are finding an increasing number of opportunities on the co-tenancy side and we believe in 010 even more of those will actually occur because a lot of the store closings that have been announced by retailers over the last 12 months actually have not closed. They are not closing until the end of this year, so when you get into GLA co-tenancy failures, and even some named co-tenancy failures, those are going to surface in 2010 as well, so there is going to be another bite at the apple in 2010. 
Operator: Next well hear from Brad Thomas with Keybanc Capital Markets. 
Brad Thomas - Keybanc Capital Markets:   Sharon, in the past I believe you had cited consumer confidence as the economic factor that is one of the most important if not the most important as it relates to your business. But as it relates to the housing market, could you maybe talk about what you are seeing within your -- within the data that you collect? Are you seeing a benefit from the increased existing home sales and do you think that that could be a tailwind for you going forward?
Sharon L. McCollam: We do. Weve actually had some consulting work done on this very question. I thank you for asking it because we really like to discuss the data that we received.  The three key drivers that they see today of our performance, because now they can look back pre-recession and post-recession, what they believe the drivers are of our business are consumer confidence, unemployment, and housing. And housing in and of itself, even if it improved, is likely not going to dramatically change our trends until you get unemployment and consumer confidence going in the same direction. So we believe now based on their looking back that these three are extraordinarily tied together. What we believe is going to fuel our business going into the next couple of years, assuming that we dont believe there is going to be a hockey stick, is the opportunity to gain share. We are absolutely on target with our strategies and you guys can see it in the numbers -- its not one brand. It is every single brand that is improving. And our focus on value and classic style and the promotional programs that we are doing which by the way, the one thing that thought Laura said that was -- is compelling is the fact that these promotions are not necessarily hurting our margins. And so that is what is so exciting about it, is we are able to give the customer that little bit of promotional push that they need in order to turn the sale. But we are not having to give up margin at the same time, so that is something that we are very encouraged about, is the way this is going. So that is how we are seeing it.  But you have to look at those three together -- any one in and of itself is probably going to be depressed by the other two, so we are really focused on all three of them. 
Operator: Next well hear from Kristine Koerber with JMP Securities. 
Analyst for Kristine Koerber - JMP Securities: This is Jennifer filling in for Kristine -- a quick follow-up on your ability to gain share; are you continuing to see the same level of store closings and inventory liquidations that you have seen in periods past and how -- what is your outlook? A little color on the competitive environment would be helpful. 
Sharon L. McCollam: Internally, we have taken our benchmarking of competitors to a new level and actually, when we think about our business, although we are very focused on the home furnishing side, there has not been in this quarter any additional major announcements of any massive store closures that relates to home furnishings. What we see going away as we are out and about doing our visits of retail establishments is the closure of a lot of independent boxes that are out there selling home furnishings. Thats been -- I think thats going to continue.  The place that we think we are still competing against beyond home furnishings, and we look at this particularly for holiday, is you are competing against everyone and in the brands when they are talking about the competitive set, we are talking about share of wallet. At Williams-Sonoma, it is not just for a gift, its not just another home furnishings retailer that is our competition. Its the competition of anything that is being sold in the mall -- a cashmere sweater versus something in electrics in Williams-Sonoma. So we are really looking at it more broadly but I think what you can feel great about as investors is the fact that we have taken benchmarking of other retailers behaviour -- home furnishings and others to a new level in the company and our purchasing metrics on other retailers through the e-commerce sites, we are acquiring data that is helping us know what others are doing, its benefiting us from a strategy point of view and that is where we are -- those are the things that we are looking at today, not just home furnishings retailer boxes that are going away. 
Operator: That will conclude todays question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call over to Howard Lester for closing comments. 
W. Howard Lester: Thank you for joining us and we will talk to you at the end of the next quarter, and the year. Thank you.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-08-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Nelson  Director Investor Relations Howard Lester  Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Sharon McCollam  Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer Laura Alber  President Pat Connolly  Chief Marketing Officer
Analysts: Matthew Fassler  Goldman Sachs John for Laura Champine  Cowan and Company Neely Tamminaga  Piper Jaffray Alan Rifkin  Banc of America/Merrill Lynch [Dana Chelsey  Chelsey Advisory Group] Anthony Chukumba  Ftn Capital Markets Christopher Horvers  J. P. Morgan David Magee  Suntrust Robinson Humphrey Ivan for Scot Ciccarelli  RBC Capital Markets Janet Kloppenburg  JJK Research
Operator:  Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma, Incorporated second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Steve Nelson, Director of Investor Relations at Williams-Sonoma Incorporated to discuss the non-GAAP measures and forward-looking statements.
Stephen Nelson: Good morning. This morning's conference call should be considered in conjunction with the press release that we issued earlier today. I would first like to discuss the non-GAAP financial measures that are included in this morning's press release and today's conference call. Our press release and this call contain non-GAAP financial measures that exclude the impact of unusual business events. For the remainder of today's call, we will be discussing our second quarter 2009 results, our 2009 guidance and our 2008 results excluding the impact of these items and we'll refer to these results as non-GAAP. These non-GAAP financial measures are provided to facilitate meaningful year over year comparisons. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and an explanation of why these non-GAAP financial measures are useful and how they are used by management are discussed in Exhibit One of the press release. I would now like to discuss our forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included in this call constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform of 1995. These statements address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, guidance, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2009 and beyond and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company's current press releases and SEC filings including the company's Form 10-K and most recent Form 10-Q for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call. I will now turn the conference call over to Howard Lester, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
Howard Lester: Good morning and thanks for joining us. With me today is Laura Alber, our President, Pat Connolly, our Chief Marketing Officer and Sharon McCollam, our Chief Operating and Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to begin today with an overview of our second quarter 2009 results and our outlook for the balance of the year, then I'll turn the call over to Sharon and Laura for further details.  While the home furnishing sector continued to be under pressure during the second quarter, innovative merchandizing and appealing value proposition and the delivery of a superior customer experience drove strong top line results and better than expected selling margins. Throughout the quarter, revenues trended at the high end of expectations. Both margins, excluding occupancy improved over last year and we exceeded our expense reduction cash flow target. In the second quarter while net revenues declined 18% we delivered a non-GAAP profit of $0.05 per diluted share and ended the quarter with over $165 million in cash. Comparable store sales during the quarter declined 15% which was an improvement from the first quarter and better than our expectations for the second quarter. In our core brand, net revenues decreased 17%. This decline was driven by a 25% decrease in the Pottery Barn Kids brand and 19% decrease in the Pottery Barn brand and a 9% decrease in the Williams-Sonoma brand. In every brand, second quarter results were better than the first quarter, but what's most encouraging about these results is that they still do not reflect the full impact of the revitalization initiative we have underway, particularly in the Pottery Barn brand.  Equally encouraging is the fact that there is still a significant amount of change to be introduced in the back half of the year which combined with less competition should drive significantly increased sales and margin with little incremental cost. Laura will talk more about these initiatives when she addresses the Pottery Barn brand later in this morning's call. In the Williams-Sonoma brand, we continue to see the same economic resilience that we've seen all year. During the second quarter net revenues declined 9% including a comparable store sales decline of 11% and although gross margins were slightly below last year, our tight inventory position and seasonal shift in product mix in the back half, leave us optimistic that we will be able to deliver a full year gross margin increase by the end of the year. Execution in the Williams-Sonoma brand has been exceptional this year and our focus on innovation and exclusivity continues to drive the business. In our emerging brands which include West Elm, PBteen and Williams-Sonoma Home, net revenues decreased 22%. Williams-Sonoma Home once again faced significant top line challenges. As such, we are prioritizing cost ability over growth and continuing to assess the brands' long term market potential until the luxury home furniture sector becomes clearer. In the West Elm brand, the declines in net revenue while consistent with our other home furnishing brands were partially impacted by vendor related production issues which led to a low in stock position in a few key furniture categories. As these issues are currently being resolved, we are optimistic that we will see a pick up in West Elm front line performance in the third and fourth quarter since more than half of the brands' business is driven by furniture related sales. Through all brands we remain focused on the initiatives that we believe are critical in gaining market share in this environment. Through superior customer service, innovative merchandising and a strong value proposition we're making meaningful progress in all of these areas and are optimistic that the increased penetration of exclusive products at accessible price points in the back half of the year will attract new customers to the brand and drive increased traffic in all channels. In direct marketing we continue to move forward with our catalog circulation optimization strategy. During the quarter year over year advertising expense declined 26% net of a 34% increase in on-line marketing. We continue to believe that refining the balance between catalog sales and on-line marketing is a significant opportunity and we will be participating in a strategic test with Google at the end of the month to test this initiative at the next level. In the supply chain, we continue to regionalize our large queue of inventory and expand our agent furniture sourcing base. We also continue to see both customer and service and financial benefits from our ongoing returns, replacement and damage initiatives. Each of these initiatives is driving increased margin dollars as is our strong inventory management strategy. At the end of the second quarter, year over year merchandise inventories were down by better than expected $140 million or 21%.  We also continue to make progress on our occupancy cost reduction initiative including increasing 2009 store closings from nine to 16 and positioning ourselves to eliminate 1.2 million square feet of excess distribution capacity and 80,000 square feet of excess office space in San Francisco during Q3. As we enter the third quarter we're encouraged by the sales and margin trends we're seeing today particularly in the Pottery Barn brand. As such, we are increasing our revenue and earnings guidance to reflect the upside. In revenue, we are increasing guidance by $10 million to a range of $660 million to $700 million and would expect to be near the high end. In earnings, we are increasing non-GAAP diluted earnings per share guidance from a loss of $0.02 to $0.08 to a profit of $0.01 to $0.05, and while we have no reason to believe that our current performance will not continue into the fourth quarter, we believe maintaining a cautious outlook is prudent in this reset economy. As such, we are reiterating our fourth quarter guidance, but are optimistic that the initiatives that are driving our business are sustainable and will carry us through the balance of the year. Additionally, we'll be working closely with the M.H. Alshaya group to open our first four franchise stores in the Middle East in 2010. While this has no immediate financial upside, it is a strategic step towards the longer term international growth plan. I will now turn the call over to Sharon for more details on the quarter and our guidance.
Sharon McCollam: Good morning. Despite the ongoing challenges we continue to see in the broader home furnishings market in the second quarter, our financial results once again significantly exceeded our expectations. The highlights were as follows: on a non-GAAP basis, our second quarter diluted earnings per share were $0.05 versus $0.9 last year. This was $0.14 above the first call consensus estimate and $0.13 above the high end of our guidance due to better than expected selling margins and lower occupancy and operating expenses. On a GAAP basis, second quarter diluted earnings per share were break even including a $0.05 per diluted share charge associated with under performing retail stores and the exit of excess distribution capacity. Net revenues during the second quarter decreased 18% to $672 million. Retail net revenues decreased 14% including a comparable store sales decline of 15%. Direct to customer revenues decreased 24% on circulation reductions of 19% and 25% respectively, for catalog and catalog pages mailed. Internet revenues decreased 21% but on a two year trend basis, e-commerce was our best performing channel.  Non-GAAP gross margins decreased 180 basis points to 32.2% in the second quarter. This decrease was driven by approximately 275 basis points of fixed occupancy de-leverage due to lower sales partially offset by reductions in freight costs and lower replacements and damages. Non-GAAP SG&A expenses decreased 180 basis points to 30.9%. This decrease was primarily driven by reductions in total advertising costs including the benefits from our catalog circulation optimization strategy and company wide reductions in other SG&A expenses. Significant year over year balance sheet variances at the end of the second quarter were as follows; cash and cash equivalents increased $127 million to $165 million with no outstanding borrowings under our $30 million revolving line of credit. This is the second highest ever cash balance at the end of the second quarter and we do not expect to need to access our revolving line of credit this year. Merchandise inventories decreased to better than expected $140 million or 21% to $517 million. This decrease was across all brands and all categories. Accounts receivable decreased $22 million or 36% to $40 million, reflecting the planned reduction in lease incentives at our company's this year reduced store construction program. Pre-paid catalog expenses decreased $11 million or 22% to $39 million. This decrease is primarily driven by reductions in catalog circulation. And accounts payable decreased $30 million or 19% to $130 million. This decrease was primarily driven by lower inventory purchases. I'd now like to briefly discuss our 2009 guidance. As we look forward to the balance of the year, we are continuing to guide revenues in line with the 2008 October/November trend with the exception of the third quarter where we have seen increased revenues and have increased our revenues to reflect the better than trend performance we are currently seeing in the Pottery Barn and Williams-Sonoma Kitchen brands. Also in the third quarter, we have increased our gross margin to reflect the consistent upside we have seen all year in selling gross margins. As such, we are raising our non-GAAP third quarter EPS guidance to a range of $0.01 to $0.05. We will however, incur a $0.04 per diluted share non-GAAP charge in the third quarter related to the exit of distribution capacity that we discussed previously. For the fourth quarter, we are reiterating our previous guidance because we continue to believe that we need to be cautious about the promotional environment that could accelerate in the holiday season due to competitor store closings, inventory liquidations and bankruptcies. For the full year, based on our better than expected performance in the second quarter and our increasing guidance for the third quarter, we are increasing our 2009 P&L guidance as follows; net revenues are now expected to decline in the range of 12% to 15%. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share are now expected to be in the range of $0.19 to $0.31 despite approximately 200 basis points of occupancy de-leverage and GAAP diluted earnings per share including $0.13 of unusual business events related to store impairments and the exit of excess distribution capacity are now expected to be in the range of $0.06 to $0.18. From a balance sheet perspective, we are reiterating our inventory guidance in the range of $480 million to $510 million but lowering our capital spending guidance to the range of $90 million to $95 million. We continue to believe that the actions we have taken to adapt to this new economy from both an operational and financial perspective were appropriate and we remain committed to optimizing growth, profitability and cash flow despite the economic challenges we believe we will continue to face. I would now like to turn the call over to Laura to discuss the Pottery Barn brand.
Laura Alber: Good morning. First I'll start with the Pottery Barn brand. Net revenues in the second quarter declined a better than expected 19% including a 16% decline in comparable store sales. We are very encouraged by these results because not only do they demonstrate a sustaining trend of gradual top line improvement, but also, an affirmation that our strategies to re-invigorate the business are resonating with our customers. From a merchandising perspective, our focus on style and value resulted in renewed momentum in all key categories including furniture. From an operational perspective during the quarter, we improved profitability through our supply chain initiatives including reductions and replacements, damages and transportation. We also continued to reduce our inventories in both units and dollars which contributed to improved selling margins in the quarter. We also continue to make progress on our catalog circulation optimization strategy which resulted in significantly lower advertising costs from both a dollar and percent to sales perspective. As we look forward to the third and fourth quarters, we are very encouraged by the positive consumer response we are currently seeing to our fall merchandise assortment and the overall strategies we have implemented to drive our business including a compelling merchandise strategy in every category, a shift in our value proposition through opening price points, category promotions and private label credit card offerings, differentiated services including interior design, planned selling and in-store events and a shift in marketing spend out of the catalog into e-commerce as we continue to capitalize on this significant opportunity we believe the internet represents. Now I would like to talk about Pottery Barn Kids. During the second quarter net revenues declined 25% including a 22% decline in comparable store sales and a $3 million negative impact from a voluntary product recall. Inventories at the end of the quarter however, were down approximately 27% with selling margins strengthening as the quarter progressed. From a merchandising perspective during the quarter, our best performing categories were those where customers could make easy updates at accessible price points. New product introductions, including our exclusive premium brand licensing programs supported by targeted promotional activity contributed to the stronger performance of these categories. From an operational perspective during the quarter, we achieved significant cost reductions in returns, replacements and damages. We also spent considerable time on our retail occupancy cost reduction strategy which resulted in an increase in 2009 permanent store closings from three to six by the end of the year. As we look forward to the third and fourth quarters, we will continue to protect our strong competitive presence through the marketing of our value proposition including a greater penetration of opening price points and the enhancement of our retail service model. We will also continue to shift our advertising spend from catalog to e-commerce as we capitalize on the new functionality in customized e-mail, affiliate marketing and search. To date, we are extremely pleased with the initial consumer response to our new fall assortment and based on early reads, the impact of these initiatives is exceeding our expectations.  I would now like to talk about the Pottery Brand Teen brand. Net revenues in PBteen declined a better than expected 22% during the second quarter versus a 25% increase last year. Selling margins were also ahead of expectations, but while any decline in revenue is disappointing, PBteen remains the best performing brand in the company on a two year trend basis. From a merchandising perspective, new product introductions at a great value, continue to be our best performers and the initial consumer response to our new fall assortment is strong. As we look forward to the back half of the year, we will continue to focus on expanding the reach of the brand and maintaining our position as a top of line destination for home furnishings for teens. These initiatives include expanding our merchandise assortment across a wider range of price points to address the consumer's sensitivity to value, increasing our investment in e-commerce to attract new customers to the brand and drive increased customer interaction, and continuing to test PBteen merchandise within the four walls of two Pottery Brand Kids stores in a show room in New York with the objective of establishing a boutique retail presence for PBteen and enhancing retail productivity in Pottery Brand Kids. I would now like to open the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Matthew Fassler  Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler  Goldman Sachs: Congratulations on the strong performance here. I wanted to try to get a sense from you as to the magnitude of the merchandise margin recovery. We ran some numbers and it looked to be in the neighborhood of 100 basis points or better year on year. If you could give us some color on that, we'd really appreciate it.
Sharon McCollam: I provided you in the prepared remarks with the occupancy de-leverage during the quarter which was 275 basis points, so that will back you into the number you're looking at. So I think that will help you with your model.
Matthew Fassler  Goldman Sachs: Color on the reception that you're getting from consumers to the extent that you've moved price points down a bit, how that is going vis a vis consumer reception and also what the implications are on margins if any.
Sharon McCollam: I'm going to let Laura take that question because the majority of those changes have come in the Pottery Barn brand, so Laura could you speak to that please.
Laura Alber: We're very excited to see our customers responding so positively to our improved quality at great value, and it's across many categories where we have started to make significant quality and also value enhancements to the product line. And it's clear that as money is tighter for consumers, this is very important to them, and it's helping them to be really inspired to purchase and re-decorate their homes.
Howard Lester: Let me make in addition to that too, this is not just a price story. The merchandise changes that Laura and her team have been working on in Pottery Barn over the last two years is just really coming into fruition. So it's a combination of much improved merchandise that's resonating with the customer; better quality, better price points and a combination of all that is really starting to get some traction.
Operator: Your next question comes from John for Laura Champine  Cowan and Company.
John for Laura Champine  Cowan and Company: Last quarter you said, just based on the math you gave us that you're buying and occupancy was de-leveraging about 20 bits per negative point comp. It's now running about 18. Can we expect that to continue going forward? Is that baked into your guidance?
Sharon McCollam: Yes. I also provided, this is new information that we've put into the prepared remarks. By the end of the year what you can expect in this range of guidance is somewhere in the range of a 200 basis point de-leverage in occupancy costs.
John for Laura Champine  Cowan and Company: Even with the store closures, we won't expect to see the basis point de-leveraging recover so to speak or get better.
Sharon McCollam: The stores will close at the end of this year, so you'll have the occupancy cost associated with those stores throughout the year.
John for Laura Champine  Cowan and Company: Any update on Dave DeMattei successor planned going forward?
Howard Lester: Dave DeMatttei's successor, I think we're going to probably change our organization around just a little rather than replace Dave directly. You may recall that prior to Dave coming here, Richard Harvey, a 25 or 26 year veteran had been running the Williams-Sonoma Kitchen brand and doing a superb job of it and was reporting to me at the time, and we had had some problems. That's when we had the big turn around in the Williams-Sonoma Kitchen brand. And then subsequently after Dave joined, I think we added to his responsibility the kitchen brand. So that will revert back to reporting to me and we won't miss a beat. Richard has really been running that brand for several years now as I said, at least seven or eight, and just doing a great job and continues to perform at the best level of all of our brands, so that's not an issue. We were looking for a full time President to reside in New York if possible prior to Dave's resignation, and that search is continuing and we would hope to have a resolution to that in the next few weeks and an announcement hopefully will be forthcoming. During the past year, we have basically merged Williams-Sonoma Home with the Williams-Sonoma Kitchen brand from a standpoint of day to day management. We have a wonderful fellow who is running Williams-Sonoma Home and that will continue, so I don't see any change there. So we will be announcing a new President for West Elm but will not be doing anything further at this time with respect to a replacement for Dave DeMattei.
Operator: Your next question comes from Neely Tamminaga  Piper Jaffray.
Neely Tamminaga  Piper Jaffray: Laura, just looking through the books that came into homes this week and I noticed a couple of things. One, baskets on the front I think are always tremendous and amazing for its value price point but also kind of the old adage when baskets are working well, home is working the category. And secondly, the book looks and feels a little bit bigger. Are you picking back up your page count? Is there a change in strategy that I'm picking up on or maybe you could walk us through how this was representative of what you're going to do from a merchandising perspective in the back half.
Laura Alber: We love the baskets too, so thanks for that comment. It's just getting in homes this week, so we'll see. We're optimistic, but we'll see. Page count, no it's not going up. We continue to be very focused on productivity in the catalog and we are also continuing with our version strategy.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alan Rifkin  Banc of America/Merrill Lynch.
Alan Rifkin  Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Sharon, you said that your increase in full year '09 guidance is predicated on a fourth quarter that is essentially in line in October '08 trends. It appears that at least relative to that point in time, trends today are significantly better. Can you maybe provide some color on your ability to address in the fourth quarter the fact that if the trends continue at current levels how your inventory position, how your preparation for the holiday season will unfold?
Sharon McCollam: For the fourth quarter, what we continue to be conscious of is the fact that it could become a promotional environment at that point because of the competitor store closings, inventory liquidations, etc. So we are being cautious from that standpoint. The merchants, the inventory teams are watching the trends every day and chasing inventory where we need to chase and obviously as we all know, furniture would be the most difficult to get back in stock on a short term basis, but other things that we do, we'll keep our finger on that tightly. As it relates to fourth quarter though, I do want to point out that that is the 2008 October/November trend. That is what the revenue guidance is predicated on. But in addition to that, if you believe that, then you would say then it should be flat because the fourth quarter occurs after the "October/November" time frame. The reason that it is not flat is because as it was same for Q1, because we have reiterated the guidance we have reflected in there the fact that we had a significant amount of inventory last year that we liquidated in the fourth quarter and we do not expect to buy into those mark downs. That really hit our margin as you know, and we've talked about that, so I won't take time on our call today to go through that, but we'd be happy to offline. So that's what we see for the fourth quarter. But I obviously, if these trends continue into the fourth quarter, there is no question that we would be taking up our fourth quarter guidance both on the top line and on the bottom line because as Howard said in his remarks, that increased sales in this environment, flow through at very little incremental cost.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Dana Chelsey  Chelsey Advisory Group] 
[Dana Chelsey  Chelsey Advisory Group]: You talked a little bit about the real estate environment. What are you seeing in terms of, is the incentives, are they what you expected? Is there changes being made? And you upped the store closures a little bit. Is there more coming? How are you looking at it?
Sharon McCollam: I'm going to let Howard speak to that. I would just start out by saying that it's a partnership with our landlords. We're not going to be discussing in great detail on the details on the negotiations that we're having with our landlords, but Howard, would you please take that question.
Howard Lester: Let me characterize kind of the world that we're dealing with out there. I would say from the last time, we're making some progress. It's still slow. Of our major half a dozen landlords, we've got about a third to a half of them that are more willing than the others to work with us and to try to find creative solutions that will work for both of us both short and long term. So in that regard, we are making some progress with some. Others are more difficult and haven't been willing to get to that point yet. So we just keep working. You notice that each quarter we've got a little bit better results to report there, more closings and what we're not reporting on I think as much is leases that we're re-negotiating that are giving us better, rather than close the stores, we're getting a better occupancy expenses and are able to bring more stores back close to their historic contribution level. So we've got a long way to go, but I would say that we are making progress and while I'm somewhat encouraged with as I mentioned a third to a half of our major landlords, I'm still disappointed with the other half.
Operator: Your next question comes from Anthony Chukumba  Ftn Capital Markets.
Anthony Chukumba  Ftn Capital Markets: I had a quick question in terms of the catalog circulation optimization effort. Your catalog circulation if I wrote these numbers down correctly, catalog circulation declined 19% and your catalog pages declined 25%, but year over year your direct to customer business was down 24%. I guess what I'm wondering is do you feel comfortable that you haven't cut back too much on your catalog circulation? In other words, it strikes me as a little bit out of line that you're direct to customer sales be down even more than your catalog circulation. It sort of implies that some of the circulation you got rid of wasn't necessarily marginal kind of dead beat circulation.
Sharon McCollam: A substantial piece of the reductions were in the Pottery Barn brand, so I'll let Laura speak to the specifics related to Pottery Barn and their strategies, and then I'm going to let Pat talk about the broader catalog circulation optimization strategy. Laura could you take this specifically related to the Pottery Barn brand where you're doing a lot more versioning?
Laura Alber: We have been actually, this is a very important question for all of us and we continue to have a lot of discussion and research done on the subject and we look at it monthly and go through and look at where there are opportunities and make adjustments, and it's a very productive process. We do have less promotions than last year, so as Sharon said earlier, there are sales that we drove last year that weren't as profitable as they should have been and weren't good for the brand longer term, and that is part of what you're seeing with the direct to consumer decline that's worse than the catalog circulation cut.
Howard Lester: And just to extend that a bit across all of our brands, the techniques, we're in our 23rd year of using the sophisticated regression analysis to rank our file when we go to mail it. And over the growth years, we were looking at how we could use this to find the next best prospect.  In this environment, we're able to use these techniques to identify those people who would most likely not buy and not mail them, and we have done a number of control groups and are very confident that the circulation we've cut would have produced minimal sales compared to the cost of having mailed those catalogs. The other point that Sharon brought out earlier, and Laura mentioned, is that we're able to divert some of our catalog spend to on-line digital marketing that is producing more attractive results and we are very optimistic about our opportunities here especially in the back half of the year across a wide range of digital marketing efforts from e-mail, to affiliates to re-targeting to paid search and also the initial results of Google's new caffeine algorithm which tends to favor brands and pushing up our page rankings.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Horvers  J. P. Morgan.
Christopher Horvers  J. P. Morgan: Maybe you could provide a little more color on August. I sounds like Pottery Barns is having a pretty good start here to 3Q. Should we think that you're running better than the down 8% to 13% comp overall. And as a follow up, Laura maybe you could talk about the unit versus dollar comp trends, because I know you've taken price down over the past year and it sounds like the units are really responding.
Sharon McCollam: Absolutely the comps that we are seeing coming in for the third quarter are better on a one year basis and on a two year basis. So we are encouraged about the initial consumer response to the fall assortment across all the Pottery Barn brands. We're very pleased with Williams-Sonoma's performing right now. So I'll turn it over to Laura and let her respond to your more detailed question related specifically to Pottery Barn.
Laura Alber: As Sharon said, we are seeing some better trends. It's early, but we are optimistic that the strategies that we have put in place, it looks like we got it right. As you know, it's very competitive right now and so I hesitate a little bit to give you more information than we have because it is early, and it is competitive.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Magee  Suntrust Robinson Humphrey.
David Magee  Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: The question I have is to do with the gross margin again. Just looking historically, the numbers between the first and second quarter have been usually flattish on a sequential basis, and this year you're up roughly 200 bips second quarter over first quarter. Is that a function of just becoming more aggressive on shipping costs or what's going on there so far this year from first and second quarter?
Sharon McCollam: I think it's just, we can take it offline when we get into our discussion later this morning, but I would say that all the things that we have been doing are gradual and incremental and each quarter we build on what we have accomplished from the prior quarter. So as we start seeing momentum, the thing that you're going to see, and I don't think that you should go back and discount all of our history, because what you're seeing is the strong consumer response to merchandising that started to come into play. We said it in May when we had our call that we were starting to see better than the October trend. Now we're seeing that go further. We're seeing these stronger selling margins in Q1. We hadn't seen that yet. There was still a lot of competitor inventory being liquidated on the market. We were competing with that. Our inventories were still being brought down and stabilized, so I think it is a combination of so many things. As you're modeling in the future, I think you should not model it that way because we expect where we have all those years of such strong performance, I would expect our business to run similarly. But I think in an environment where you're making such dramatic change so consistently, that it will build on itself over the next several quarters.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ivan for Scot Ciccarelli  RBC Capital Markets.
Ivan for Scot Ciccarelli  RBC Capital Markets: Congratulations on a solid quarter. I was hoping you could provide a little bit of additional color just on your venture in the Middle East. I was just curious why you had chosen that particular area. Are there any other regions that you are contemplating, and just as a follow up to that, would the mix be similar in terms of the retail versus direct to customer? How should we think about the prospects with regard to that?
Sharon McCollam: The first four stores that we're opening are in the Pottery Barn and Pottery Barn Kids brands. I will let Laura speak to the current strategy with Pottery Barn as it relates to the deal that we've done with Alshaya.
Laura Alber: We are so excited to go forward with our new partner, the Alshaya Group. They are excellent operators as you all know, and our plans are to operate stores in the Middle East in the same way we operate them here. We are going to be, as Sharon mentioned and Howard mentioned, opening two stores in Kuwait and two stores in Dubai this coming year and have plans to open stores subsequently throughout the Gulf. We're excited because not only does it expand the reach of our brands internationally, and offer those customers the same opportunity to shop overseas as they have here, but also gives us a new revenue stream.
Sharon McCollam: And from a geographic region perspective, as many of you know on the call, some of the greatest growth that is currently occurring in retail is in the Middle East, and there are outstanding partners like Alshaya that we believe can reflect the essence of our brands better than probably anywhere in the world and we are very excited. Howard would you like to add anything to this?
Howard Lester: I think the reason that we, the primary reason that we selected that region to begin and the best global expansion strategy was that Sharon and Laura both have mentioned, it's very much like America in one sense in that it's mall based and they're very much Americanized. They operate in copies of malls that we have in America. They also have operators there that you could partner with that are very accomplished and that was important for us because we didn't have the resources to field our own team from scratch really in any part of the world, and we wanted to test the expansion of our brand before we even considered how we would address the balance of the world, if in fact we had a global opportunity. So those were the primary reasons. And there's a lot of money there. People are shopping at high rates. The stores show very high productivity in sales per foot even with the down turn that's occurred in Dubai particularly.  So we have as Sharon and Laura said, we've got outstanding partners. We have a very satisfactory financial arrangement and we think it's an excellent test for our brands, initially our Pottery Barn brands and then subsequently Williams-Sonoma brand. So we're very excited about the store openings next year and we'll see what happens. You also asked the question will the mix be similar to America in terms of retail and direct. Initially no, it will be almost all retail because that's the way the region operates, but we would be hopeful that eventually the direct business would be equally strong there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Janet Kloppenburg  JJK Research.
Janet Kloppenburg  JJK Research: I was wondering if Laura could spend a little time talking about the time line for Pottery Barn in terms of executing on the new product assortments with the focus on delivering more value, how much has been done, how much more can we expect, and if someone could comment on that for the Williams-Sonoma brand as well.
Laura Alber: We have been studying every single category in our business over the past several years and our competitive set to look at where we need to increase our value offering both because of the reset economy but also to attract new customers into the brands. You're going to see with every season new offer that is at the same great quality and design as we've always been but better value. The way we're able to do that is to really just be very focused on building things smart, doing things different, and we have great partnerships with our vendors who are really helping us execute this. So we're very excited about the future. We believe there is still a lot of room and many more categories than we've touched and even further depth in the categories that we've already addressed.
Sharon McCollam: On the Williams-Sonoma brand, it's a different theme and I'm going to let Howard speak to it. Their focus is on exclusivity. Their focus is on innovation and brand ideas. But Howard could you speak to the evolution in Williams-Sonoma that's occurring?
Howard Lester: The strength of that brand has always been newness and exclusivity and style and quality and all of those things that we've tried to be all these years. However, Richard and his team have had a strong focus the last year or so on trying to develop with our vendor community products that have equal value but that are more attractive price points. They've done an excellent job of that and that will continue. So without being specific about products that are in the works or products that we're going to be announcing, that's an important part of their strategy going forward. 
Operator: There are no further questions. I will now turn the call back to Howard Lester for closing comments.
Howard Lester: Thank you very much for being with us this morning. We're particularly pleased with our quarter and I just want to say that I'm so proud of our team. We've all worked hard and results are showing the extent of our efforts, so we are just very excited about where we are and we're looking forward to continued improvement. And we'll talk to you next quarter. Thank you.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-06-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen C. Nelson - Director, Investor Relations W. Howard Lester - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Sharon L. McCollam - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President David DeMattei - Group President - Williams-Sonoma, Williams-Sonoma Home, West Elm Laura J. Alber - President Patrick J. Connolly - Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer, Director
Analysts: Budd Bugatch - Raymond James  Alan Rifkin - Merrill Lynch Joe Feldman - Telsey Advisory Group Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Colin McGranahan - Sanford C. Bernstein Janet Kloppenberg - JJK Research David Magee - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Anthony Chukumba - FTN Equity Capital Markets  Neely Tamminga - Piper Jaffray  Laura Champine - Cowen & Company
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma Inc. first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Steve Nelson, Director of Investor Relations at Williams-Sonoma Inc., to discuss non-GAAP measures and forward-looking statements. 
Stephen C. Nelson: Good morning. This mornings conference call should be considered in conjunction with the press release that we issued earlier today. I would first like to discuss the non-GAAP financial measures that are included in this mornings earnings press release and todays conference call. Our press release and this call contain non-GAAP financial measures that exclude the impact of unusual business events. For the remainder of todays call, we will be discussing our first quarter 2009 results, our fiscal year 2009, guidance, and our 2008 results excluding the impact of these items and will refer to these results as non-GAAP. These non-GAAP financial measures are provided to facilitate meaningful year-over-year comparisons. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and an explanation of why these non-GAAP financial measures are useful and how they are used by management are discussed in Exhibit 1 of the press release.  I would now like to discuss our forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included in this mornings call constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, guidance, growth plans, and prospects of the company in 2009 and beyond and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements.  Please refer to the companys current press releases and SEC filings, including the companys Form 10-K, for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call.  I will now turn the conference call over to Howard Lester, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 
W. Howard Lester: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today is Laura Alber, our President; Pat Connolly, our Chief Marketing Officer; Sharon McCollam, our Chief Operating and Chief Financial Officer; and Dave DeMattei, our Group President for the Williams-Sonoma, Williams-Sonoma Home, and West Elm brands.  I am going to begin today with an overview of our first quarter 2009 results and our outlook for the balance of the year. Then Ill turn the call over to Sharon, Dave, and Laura for further details.  While the home furnishing sector continued to be under significant macro pressure in the first quarter, a realistic sales plan and aggressive cost actions allowed us to deliver better-than-expected results in an extremely difficult environment.  During the quarter, revenue stabilized at the October-November two-year trend and we substantially exceeded our expense reduction and cash flow targets by optimizing advertising costs, managing promotional activity, expense reductions, and tightly controlled inventories and SG&A. In the first quarter, net revenues declined 22% versus last year, resulting in a non-GAAP loss of $0.14 per diluted share.  During the quarter, comparable store sales declined a better-than-expected 21% and selling margins were above expectations. In our core brands, net revenues decreased 23%. This decline was driven by a 27% decrease in the Pottery Barns Kids brand, a 26% decrease in the Pottery Barn brand, and an 11% decrease in the Williams-Sonoma brand. And what those numbers dont yet reflect is the significant progress weve made in the Pottery Barn brand, both in merchandising and retail execution. Weve been working on this initiative for some time and feel confident that our current merchandising strategies, combined with our superior service in our stores, is the best weve seen here in several years.  In our emerging brands, which include West Elm, PBTeen, and Williams-Sonoma Home, net revenues decreased 17% but while the top line continued to be a challenge throughout the quarter, weve made significant progress on several of our key initiatives. During the quarter, we continue to focus on exclusivity, perceived value, and accessibility of price points across our merchandise assortment. We are making meaningful progress in this area, particularly in our Williams-Sonoma and Pottery Barn brands, and are expecting substantially greater penetration in the back half of the year.  In direct marketing, we continue to move forward with our catalog circulation optimization strategy, which combined with catalog production savings drove a 30% reduction in advertising expense during the quarter. These savings were net of a 25% increase in online marketing, which resulted in the e-commerce channel being our best-performing channel on a two-year trend basis. We continue to believe theres significant opportunity in the refinement of the balance between catalog circulation and online marketing and well be evaluating these opportunities as the year progresses.  In the supply chain, we saw both customer service and financial benefits from our ongoing returns, replacements and damages initiative. This is a key initiative for us and we believe theres still significant opportunity to further reduce our costs as we assume greater control over our Asian furniture operations and consolidate our remaining large cube home furnishings inventories into our regional hubs. Weve also made significant progress on our inventory reduction initiative. At the end of the first quarter, year-over-year inventory was down a better-than-expected $166 million, or 23%. As we look forward to the balance of the year, we are guiding revenues to remain in line with the October/November trend and the promotional environment to potentially accelerate based on ongoing competitor announcements of store closings, inventory liquidations, and bankruptcies. As this is consistent with our previous view, we are reiterating the quarterly guidance we provided in March. But while this guidance may be reflective of the current environment, we remain committed to changing the outcome. Therefore, we are focused on the things we can control and are committed to delivering against the following initiatives for the balance of the year.  Capturing market share through innovative merchandising, superior customer service, and a greater emphasis on opening price points; continuing to optimize our advertising spend through refinements in catalog circulation and Internet marketing; driving efficiencies in our supply chain, including the continuation of our returns, replacements, and damages and worldwide sourcing initiatives; developing an aggressive plan to reduce fixed occupancy costs where possible, including the closure and lease renegotiation of under-performing retail stores and the elimination of excess distribution and corporate office space; and maximizing profitability and cash flow through aggressive cost reduction, inventory management, and capital spending initiatives.  All of these actions will improve our bottom line, strengthen our balance sheet, and position our brands to emerge stronger when the economy improves.  While we recognize that our business is being significantly impacted by economic issues far beyond our control, peoples homes are still one of their most material assets and they will invest in them over time and when they do, our brands will be well-positioned to capitalize on the opportunity.  I would like to now turn the call over to Sharon. 
Sharon L. McCollam: Thank you, Howard. Good morning. Before we discuss our first quarter results, I want to remind you that certain financial comparisons are on a non-GAAP basis as described by Steve earlier in todays call. These non-GAAP results exclude a $0.04 per share impact from charges associated with under-performing retail stores in the first quarter of 2009, and a $0.05 per share benefit related to an early lease termination incentive that we received in the first quarter of 2008.  Despite the ongoing top line challenges that we and the home furnishings sector overall continued to face in the first quarter, our performance substantially exceeded our expectations and confirmed for us that the aggressive actions we have taken to adapt to this new economy were the right ones, from both an operational and financial perspective.  The highlights were as follows -- on a non-GAAP basis, our first quarter loss per share was better than expected at $0.14 versus a profit of $0.05 in the first quarter of 2008. The favorability versus our expectations was driven by strong execution, including better-than-expected selling margins, advertising costs, and operating expenses.  Net revenues in the first quarter decreased 22% to $612 million. Retail net revenues decreased 18%, including a comparable store sales decline of 21%. Direct-to-customer revenues decreased 27% on circulation reductions of 17% and 23% respectively for catalogs and catalog pages. Internet revenues decreased 23%.  Non-GAAP gross margin as a percentage of net revenues decreased 540 basis points to 30.1% in the first quarter. This decrease was primarily driven by the deleverage of fixed occupancy expenses due to declining sales and an increase in cost of merchandise sold, including the impact of increased markdowns. Occupancy deleverage contributed over 75% of the 540 basis points year-over-year margin decline.  Non-GAAP SG&A expenses as a percentage of net revenues decreased 40 basis points to 33.9%. This decrease was primarily driven by reductions in total advertising costs, including the benefits from our catalog circulation optimization strategy but were partially offset by the deleverage of employment costs due to declining sales.  In dollars, we decreased non-GAAP SG&A by $61 million, or 23% to $207 million, in line as a percentage of sales with our revenue decline.  Significant year-over-year working capital variances at the end of the first quarter were as follows: cash and cash equivalents increased $69 million to $96 million, with no outstanding borrowings under our $300 million revolving line of credit. At this time, we do not anticipate accessing this line at any point during the year.  Merchandise inventories decreased a substantially better-than-expected $166 million, or 23%, to $548 million. The primary driver of this decrease was a reduction in units across all brands and all categories.  Prepaid catalog expenses decreased $17 million, or 31% to $37 million. This decrease was primarily driven by reductions in catalog circulation.  Accounts payable decreased $47 million, or 27% to $130 million. This decrease was primarily driven by the lower inventory purchases.  I would now like to briefly discuss our fiscal year 2009 guidance, which for comparative purposes, excludes the impact of unusual business events in both 2009 and 2008. From a revenue perspective, we are continuing to base our 2009 guidance on the assumption that the sales trend we saw in October-November 2008 will continue on a two-year basis until we anniversary it in the last month of the third quarter of 2009. This is consistent with our results since that time, except for the impact of seasonal spikes and the aggressive fourth quarter 2008 inventory reduction program which we will not be repeating this year.  Accordingly, we are reiterating our quarterly net revenue guidance for 2009 and adjusting the full year to reflect our actual results in the first quarter. Annual net revenues are projected to decline in the range of 13% to 16% with comparable store sales projected to decline in the range of 12% to 16%.  From a earnings per share perspective, we are reiterating our remaining quarterly guidance for the year but are increasing our annual guidance to reflect our substantially better-than-expected results in the first quarter. As such, our revised fiscal year 2009 earnings per share guidance is as follows: non-GAAP diluted earnings per share are now expected to be in the range of negative $0.07 to positive $0.11 and GAAP diluted earnings per share are now expected to be in the range of negative $0.11 to positive $0.07.  From a balance sheet perspective, we are also reiterating our capital spending guidance in the range of $90 million to $100 million, and our inventory guidance in the range of $480 million to $510 million. Consistent with our strategic initiative to enhance shareholder value, we remain committed to driving growth, profitability, and cash flow, despite the challenges we face in this difficult economic environment.  I would now like to turn the call over to Dave DeMattei to discuss the Williams-Sonoma, Williams-Sonoma Home, and West Elm brands. 
David DeMattei: Thank you, Sharon. Good morning. The performance of the Williams-Sonoma brand in the first quarter significantly exceeded our expectations and we continue to be encouraged by the brands relative economic resilience, especially at higher price points. Driven by innovative and exclusive product introduction, electrics and cookware were two of our best performing categories. We also saw renewed energy in our food and house ware categories due to new product introductions and a strong visual presentation.  During the quarter, net revenues declined a better-than-expected 11%, driven by a comparable store sales decline of 15% offset by a better performance in the direct-to-customer channel.  Selling margins in the brand were also above our expectations and only slightly below last year due to a stronger-than-expected full price selling. As people are eating out less and entertaining more, we believe we can continue to attract customers to the brand despite current macro pressures.  As we look forward to the second quarter and the balance of the year, we are doing so with the same cautious outlook with which we entered the first quarter. As such, we are executing against those initiatives that we believe will drive traffic to our brand and be relevant in the lives of todays customers. These initiatives will also keep us well-positioned in the current retail environment, as well as put us in a position of strength when the economy improves.  These initiatives include partnering with key vendors to introduce innovative and exclusive products that are unique to the marketplace, leveraging Williams-Sonoma's cooking authorities to develop an exclusive food offering that can capitalize on current trends in home cooking, emphasizing value through set pricing and key price points, and expanding e-commerce marketing in the areas of paid and natural search, customized emails, product reviews, and re-marketing.  We believe that even in this difficult macro environment, our strong merchandising, innovative marketing, and superior customer service will continue to differentiate the Williams-Sonoma brand as the destination of choice for high-end cooking and entertaining essentials.  In the Williams-Sonoma Home brand, the first quarter remained very challenging as the luxury consumer continued to retrench. As such, we focused during the quarter on those initiatives that in the near-term prioritize profitability over growth. These initiatives include lowering our inventory, which was down over 37% at the end of the quarter, reducing our catalog circulation, which was down over 30% during the quarter, and refining our product assortment to cater to our best customers.  While we believe that all of these initiatives will improve profitability in 2009, there is still tremendous fixed cost pressure in our under-performing stores that we are working aggressively with our landlords to address. We are also continuing to assess the brands overall market potential in this reset economic environment.  Although revenues in the West Elm brand declined significantly in the first quarter, West Elm continued to be one of our least impacted home furnishing brands on a two-year comparable store sales basis despite having a large percentage of stores located in the housing impacted areas of the country. During the quarter, we opened three new stores, one in Manhattan, one in Northern California, and one in Arizona. Like other brands, West Elm focused on several initiatives during the quarter to align inventories and expenses with sales levels. We are particularly pleased with the progress we have made on our catalog circulation optimization, replacement and damages, and inventory turn initiatives. We will continue throughout the year to assess the trade-offs between tighter inventories and sales in this brand as we gain more experience in this new retail environment.  From a merchandising perspective, our best performing categories were those in which the customer could make easy updates to their home dcor at a great value. Our weakest performing categories were those with higher price points like furniture.  As we look forward to the second quarter and the balance of the year, our focus in West Elm will be on continuing to expand the reach of the brand and improving profitability despite our expectation that sales will continue to be negative.  To expand the reach of the brand, we are opening one additional store in Austin, Texas later this year. We are also developing a new opening price point merchandising strategy and emphasizing the West Elm value proposition through brand marketing. To improve profitability, we are refining our product mix toward higher margin categories, optimizing our vendor base through factory consolidation, improving packaging to further reduce returns, replacements, and damages, expanding the penetration of our catalog circulation optimization strategy, including investing in higher productivity e-commerce opportunities, and improving the four-wall contribution of the retail channel by evaluating opportunities for under-performing stores.  We believe our good design at great prices in West Elm will prove relevant in these trying times and provide a competitive -- a significant competitive advantage over the long-term. I would now like to turn the call over to Laura to discuss the Pottery Barn brand. 
Laura J. Alber: Thank you, Dave and good morning. First I will start with the Pottery Barn brand. While first quarter net revenues declined 26%, including a 23% decline in comparable store sales, the result was encouraging because it was in line with expectations for the first time in several quarters. As such, our results this quarter are the first positive indication we have that there may be stabilization in our business, which if sustainable could provide opportunities as we progress through the year.  These results also give us affirmation of the success we are having with our new merchandising and customer service strategies, as it is those initiatives that are leading our recovery.  Also encouraging during the quarter was a significant progress we made on improving our post downturn selling margins, optimizing our advertising costs, and reducing our inventories. Strategic promotions and strong operational execution drove substantially better-than-expected results in all of these areas.  From a merchandising perspective, our focus on the product line and value, coupled with a shift in marketing to private label credit card programs and online advertising resulted in renewed momentum in bedding and furniture, both of which were among our best-performing categories during the quarter.  Connecting with our customer from both a style and value perspective is particularly critical now as the economic downturn changes fundamental consumer behavior.  From an operational perspective during the quarter, we continued to improve profitability through our supply chain initiatives, including reductions and returns, replacements and damages, and post-downturn costs of merchandise sold. We also continued to drive down our inventories in both units and dollars, which contributed to improved selling margins in the quarter.  As we look forward to the second quarter and back-half of the year, although we are gaining confidence in our projections, we are cognizant of the fact that the retail environment is still fragile. Therefore, despite our better-than-expected performance in the first quarter, we are remaining cautious in our outlook from both a top line and a selling margin point of view. As a result, we are focusing on our brand strategies for the balance of the year that will drive profitable incremental growth and improved operating margins. These opportunities include a clear and consistent merchandise strategy in every category; a shift in our value proposition through an increase in opening price points, category promotions, and enhancements to our third-party private label credit card program; increased marketing of opening price points across all channels; differentiated services, including interior design, [clienteling], and in-store events, and a shift in marketing spend out of the catalog into e-commerce as we continue to focus on the significant opportunity that the Internet represents.  Now I would like to talk about Pottery Barn Kids. Although our results for the first quarter and Pottery Barn Kids were in line with the October-November trend, it was a difficult quarter on both the top and bottom lines. During the quarter, net revenues decreased 27%, including a 25% comparable store sales decrease and selling margins remained under pressure as we continued to reduce inventory weeks on hand and exit the apparel category. At the end of the quarter, brand inventories were down over 34%.  From a merchandising perspective during the quarter, better-than-average performing categories were textiles and decorative accessories due to exclusive product introductions and promotional activity. Higher price point discretionary categories like rugs and occasional furniture were our most challenging categories.  From an operational perspective during the quarter, we continued to share the same success in supply chain as Pottery Barn. We also spent considerable time on our store real estate portfolio and successfully closed two under-performing stores during the quarter. As we look forward to the second quarter and back-half of the year, we will continue to focus on opportunities to maximize sales in the current environment while protecting our strong competitive presence. These initiatives include providing a wider range of opening price points in call categories, marketing our third-party private label credit card and loyalty program, increasing exclusive premium brand licensing arrangements, shifting our advertising spend from catalog to e-commerce in the areas of customized e-mail, affiliate marketing, paid and natural search, and re-marketing; and improving the four-wall contribution of the retail channel by continuing to examine under-performing stores and removing our least productive category.  I would now like to talk about Pottery Barn Teen. Net revenues in the PBTeen brand declined a better-than-expected 17% versus a 29% increase in the first quarter of last year. This decline was significantly better than expected. Selling margins were also ahead of expectations, and while we are disappointed with any decline, PBTeen continued to be our best-performing home furnishings brand and the best-performing brand in the company on a two-year trend basis.  From a merchandising perspective, the best-performing category in the brand was textiles, due to new product introductions and strong merchandising. While furniture was our most challenging category, we expect to see a stronger performance in the back half of the year as we introduce new value into this category.  As we look forward to the second quarter and back half of the year, we will continue to focus on extending the reach of the brand and maintaining its position as a top-of-mind destination for home furnishings for teens. These initiatives include expanding our merchandise assortment across a wider range of price points to address the consumers sensitivity to value; building upon the robustness of our e-commerce experience through improved slight usability and greater customer interaction; and testing PBTeen merchandise within the four walls of two Pottery Barn Kids stores and in a small showroom in New York.  We continue to be excited about the long-term growth potential of PBTeen as it solidifies its positioning in the Pottery Barn portfolio of brands.  I would now like to open the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Well take our first question from Budd Bugatch from Raymond James.
Budd Bugatch - Raymond James: Congratulations on a better-than-expected performance in the quarter. My question relates to the fact that DTC sales decline was greater than the retail decline and yet you profess some optimism on the catalog optimization program. How do we know that thats working? What metrics can you give us? I know you gave us the catalog pages reduction and the reduction in catalogs but sales are dropping at a bit of a faster rate. Can you kind of describe how you look at that and how we should think about it? 
Sharon L. McCollam: Absolutely. Pat, would you please take Budds question?
Patrick J. Connolly: Absolutely. Budd, we were up against -- on the Internet side of the business, we were up against a much tougher compare with first quarter revenues up almost 9% last year, so on a two-year basis, we were down about 14% on a two-year basis, which we are very pleased with. And remember that a lot of our catalog sales -- or our Internet sales are driven by the catalog.  Our catalog optimization strategy involves analyzing those marginal catalogs that would not have been profitable had we mailed them, so we are very confident because we have been into this for almost 15 months now, that the circulation we cut would not have been profitable in terms of meeting our standards for customer profitability over an extended period of time. 
Operator: And well take our next question from Alan Rifkin from Banc of America Merrill Lynch. 
Alan Rifkin - Banc of America Merrill Lynch: Just following up on Budds question with respect to the catalog circulization optimization program, how much of the benefits, now that youre 15 months into the process do you believe are behind you as opposed to still opportunities going forward? I realize that its an iterative process but if any sort of quantification along those lines could be given, that would be great.  And then my second question relates to the distribution capacity -- curious where you saw it from an efficiency standpoint you were with respect to eliminating some of the excess distribution and when might we see one or more call centers or DCs possibly closed going forward? Thank you very much. 
Sharon L. McCollam: Okay, Patrick, would you follow up on his question on catalog circulation and what is in front of us related to future opportunities there?
Patrick J. Connolly: Sure, I will, Sharon. Alan, we had -- we started the catalog optimization initiative really at the end of the first quarter last year but we continued to see opportunities. We are going to see circulations down in the high teens this year and page counts down a little bit more than that, pretty consistent across all of the brands.  The second part of the optimization strategy involves our ability to use versioning -- that is, to mail smaller books to certain segments of our file, particularly those in retail trade areas. And weve had considerable success there. We continue to extend it, particularly in the Williams-Sonoma brand and weve successfully now implemented it in West Elm, so we continue to see opportunities there. [inaudible] dollars that we are able to save, were spending more of that reinvesting in Internet advertising across a number of areas that Laura pointed out in PBKids, including customized e-mail, page search, affiliates, and re-marketing, which are proving to be very effective for us. 
Sharon L. McCollam: And from a distribution perspective, we anticipate by the end of this year that we will have reduced distribution capacity by approximately 20%. We have about 1.2 million square feet that we, based on our successful inventory initiatives, are going to be able to get out of. Well be consolidating that into our other facilities and at this time, we are not looking at any additional call center activities. 
Operator: And well take our next question from Joe Feldman with Telsey Advisory Group.
Joe Feldman - Telsey Advisory Group: I have a question about leases and the lease negotiations update. I recall last quarter I think on the call you had mentioned of the 600-plus stores that you guys operate, around 15 or so you were able to negotiate some lower leases. I just wanted to get an update on where things stand and how you are thinking about stores in the future. 
Sharon L. McCollam: Howard, would you please speak to that?
W. Howard Lester: Well, were -- this is an area we are spending an awful lot of time on, visiting with our major landlords and really all of our landlords across the country. And as we said in the call, weve continued our under-performing stores that have become under-performing stores as a result of this economy. We are being very aggressive with, trying to close them where we can. We are trying to work with our landlords. Its a difficult problem for all of us, certainly as renewals come up we are able to negotiate much better lease terms than we had before. So its an ongoing process that we are working at. Its a major -- both problem and opportunity for us as we look forward, trying to figure out how to deal with what I think of as the reset in this new world as to where the sales are going to be starting -- entering 2010 and where we go from there, and obviously weve got to bring our occupancy costs in line with our sales at something close to historical levels and thats our goal and theres several ways to get there. We would prefer to get there by keeping our current store base and readjusting our expense structure and if we cant, then well have to get there by closing some of our stores and driving those sales into the remaining stores in those markets, so well see how it plays out over the next few months to a year. 
Operator: And well take our next question from Matthew Fassler from Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Thanks a lot. Good morning. One follow-up on the expense side, and then a quick one on comps. Ill ask them both at once -- on the expense front, you did seem to beat your fourth quarter expense, rather your first quarter expense dollar plan. You left your expense guidance for the rest of the year unchanged. I guess Im curious -- did you make incremental progress in the SG&A run-rate, broadly speaking, in the first quarter versus where you were in Q4?  My second question just relates to the comp progression during the quarter -- do you have any insights about the state of the consumer and the state of the consumer vis--vis your categories, based on changes in the business from February through April? Thank you. 
Sharon L. McCollam: Matt, Ill take the question on the expense guidance for the balance of the year -- we did make substantial progress in virtually every category in the first quarter and in no way are we trying to send a message that we expect to see any different performance and expense in the back half of the year. The only area -- the biggest piece of our SG&A, or the second biggest piece to employment is of course advertising expenses and as you heard in all of our prepared remarks earlier, we are very aggressive about the Internet at this time and we are leaving some flexibility in our marketing expenses between now and the end of the year to take advantage of opportunities that present themselves. We think we are extremely well-positioned there. We think this is the time to jump on it, as Howard said. We are not going to sit back and even though the things we cant control, were aggressive about it, so weve left some money in there in the advertising area to ensure that weve got ourselves covered for the back-half of the year. 
W. Howard Lester: On the second part of your question with regard to what we are feeling about the consumer, you know, as we said in our remarks, we are cautious. I dont think -- I think we said it the last time we spoke with you that we would certainly need to see the end of May and perhaps June and July before we could have a sense of how to protect with more confidence the balance of the year because of the mixed calendar in the first quarter, the lateness of Easter and et cetera.  So I would characterize May for us as -- particularly as we focus on the two-year trend, as somewhat encouraging. I think we feel like theres a little more confidence out there. We feel like we are going to get a breakthrough. We are getting modest improvements in some of our brands. That seems to be consistent but its not enough to be able to re-forecast it into our numbers for the balance of the year.  We are -- and thats particularly true with Pottery Barn. I would say that as we said earlier, we think we have made a lot of improvements at Pottery Barn. I think personally the stores look the best theyve looked in many years here and our field organization, weve revamped the programs that we put into place. Now, we are seeing some improved results in Pottery Barn and we are seeing those every day fairly consistently, so the bias would be if we kind of characterize our feelings, the bias would be yeah, I think its getting a little bit better and I think were on the right trend but then we have a breakdown in California or something that kind of sets us back. So its just not clear yet but I would -- were feeling a little bit more hopeful, I think. 
Sharon L. McCollam: And Matt, I would say that as a general rule, its consistent with what I said in Q1, is that the two areas where we believe that we have remained cautious in this guidance is in Pottery Barn and in the expense base and if we beat the numbers, I think that that will be in those two areas. And the selling margin as well -- we certainly dont know what the competitive landscape looks like but from an internal point of view, therein lies our opportunities to this guidance. 
Operator: And well take our next question from Colin McGranahan with Bernstein.
Colin McGranahan - Sanford C. Bernstein: Good morning. Just to first follow-up a little bit on Matts question -- that does sound like you are getting a little bit more confident here, just in the stabilization. Are you seeing any kind of a change in traffic trend or is that more driven by some of the improvements you talked about, for instance, in the furniture business and Pottery Barn, and how much of what you are seeing do you think is your own marketing efforts? And I know again you mentioned some improvements in the private label credit card, so if you could maybe provide a little bit more color on the traffic trends through the quarter, what you are seeing in traffic and ticket and then big ticket versus small ticket.  And then as an aside, an ancillary question, youve mentioned uncertainty around the competitive environment and competitive exit, so if you could just provide a little bit more color on one, what you have seen so far and two, what you are expecting or hoping to see through the course of the year from the competitive standpoint. 
Sharon L. McCollam: Since Howard just spent quite a bit of time with the landlords, Ill let him take the first question, which is how are you seeing traffic and things like that and then more specifically where you asked about Pottery Barn, well let Laura speak to the Pottery Barn business, so Howard.
W. Howard Lester: Well, mall traffic is certainly down and our best guess is that its down somewhere in the mid-teens. Now thats -- we dont have true counts from all the malls in the International Council of Shopping Centers and so on but our best guess, in the malls that we are in is that we are running somewhere in the low- to mid-double-digits, 12%, 15%. So I think the traffic in our -- a couple of our brands, particularly in Williams-Sonoma, is probably down less than that.  What we are finding though is that the consumer were just not -- they are not spending as much, which has been the trend that we have seen for the past couple of years. That is particularly magnified, I think, on the Internet -- Pat, you might comment on this but our traffic has been up but our conversion has been down. We think thats a result of people shopping more for prices or just shopping and not buying. So I think were in that world that I tried to describe earlier where people I think want to shop, they just havent quite -- they just havent quite got to the point that they are comfortable doing it, either economically or emotionally. Laura, I dont know, do you want to add something to that or --
Laura J. Alber: Sure. Just Colin, to your question about big ticket versus small ticket, you know, overall we are seeing the easy updates get the most traction. We are seeing renewed interest in textiles, particularly bedding. Weve seen this great pillow up-tick for a while. Weve been very focused on what we call world domination of pillows but we are also seeing that spill over into our bedding business and some of the decorative accessory area where you get a lot of update for your money.  However, I will tell you that there are some furniture categories that are also picking up and it is because of our focus on high quality, great style, and unbeatable price, a great example being our PB Comfort Sofa, which hit all those categories and was sustainable at $9.99 that we market on the cover of our catalog.  So we are seeing signs of life in both some high ticket and lower ticket across the brands. 
Sharon L. McCollam: And then Dave, I think that in your prepared remarks, you did speak to the higher price point selling in Williams-Sonoma and cookware and electrics, but you do have three brands that hit different demographics, so could you speak to the performance and your feeling about that in those brands?
David DeMattei: Sure. Like I said in my prepared comments, in Williams-Sonoma where we have exclusive innovative products like the new [Calfalon] Unison line that we just introduced. Its a new technology of non-stick, tremendous, tremendous response to that. The new food processors from Cuisinart that we are introducing, which there has not really been any development in that area for probably 20 years, have been a huge seller. In fact, we are chasing the inventories there to get in that product.  And then moving to the furniture brand, like Laura we see the easy updates in textiles and pillows and throws, those being -- those performing better than average in our categories. Price isnt always the determinant in what [inaudible] where we have product, like our storage bed that has great function and serves a need that the customer wants. We see great selling on those things.  So it really depends on the product but price is usually not the determinant but really, textiles have been more dominant. 
Patrick J. Connolly: And Colin, just to follow-up on Howards comment about site traffic, what we are seeing, what Google is telling us and what we have seen from some of the focus groups weve done is consumer is much more considerate. They are visiting the site more before they buy and they are looking around more. So while traffic is up, they are taking a longer time to make their purchase decision. 
Operator: And well take our next question from Janet Kloppenberg with JJK Research. 
Janet Kloppenberg - JJK Research: Good morning, everyone. I have a couple of questions -- the first is it seems like your cut in advertising spend is pretty commensurate with the decline in the direct revenue line, direct-to-consumer revenue line. And I am just wondering what you think would be the catalyst to make sales improve there as those advertising dollars continue to decline? And Laura, I wondered if you could talk a little bit about the credit card push -- you know, were in a period of very constrained consumer credit and I am wondering why you think this is the right time to make a push there.  And lastly, Howard, I was wondering if you could comment on the outlook for rent renewals at the Pottery Barn stores. I know the big push of expansion was about 10 years ago when rents, mall rents were substantially lower and Im just wondering as these come up for renewal, what the opportunity would be for more advantageous leases. Im actually worried that the leases could actually spike a bit, the lease costs. Thanks so much. 
Sharon L. McCollam: Okay, Pat, could you speak to the cut in spending being consistent with the DTC decline and those things were working on as catalysts for -- 
Patrick J. Connolly: Yes, I can. Janet, what we are doing with catalog optimization is closely analyzing the marginal part of our circulation and to the best of our knowledge, the books that we are cutting would have had ad costs that are close to 100%, so clearly those are the ones that we would want to cut. We are seeing a decline in spending on the books we are mailing, as we are seeing a decline in the sales in our stores. But we are very careful about how we are cutting circulation and the two numbers may be close but they are not necessarily correlated, and we are taking a lot of effort to really, as both Sharon and Laura indicated, redirect some of our advertising spend into the Internet, which has proven to be more effective with some new programs that weve launched. 
Sharon L. McCollam: And then Laura, could you please speak to her question regarding the push in private label credit card within your brands?
Laura J. Alber: Sure. On our credit card program, it is a third-party supported program and we actually havent see a decline in our approval rates so far. And we were on a store visit trip and we had been talking to a lot of our store associates about things we could do to drive our business and they encouraged us to help the customer make the decision to purchase the furniture to do a delayed payment, 12-months, no payments, and then also to make the rewards program more robust, matching some of the other retailers in the market because ours was under -- the discount was under what the competition has done.  And we really listened and thought it over carefully and put the -- put it into place and we have seen that its not the only factor that makes them purchase but it is one of the important parts of the consideration set to get them to -- you know, to feel more comfortable buying high-ticket products.  And weve also seen one of the things thats very advantageous about the credit cards, its bringing in a lot of new customers to our brand that havent shopped us before and we are very pleased with that. And then also, we are seeing great uplift on the rewards that we send out - when we send them out, they come in and they spend substantially over the value of the rewards.  So theres a lot of great benefits to the program. We are continuing to look at it on a regular basis and reevaluate whether its the right thing forever but right now, we feel like its a very important part of our strategy. 
Sharon L. McCollam: And actually the brand that has the greatest penetration on the private label credit card is West Elm and Dave, would you like to speak for how you use the credit card in West Elm as well?
David DeMattei: We were pretty much one of the first to make the push with the design dollars that Laura just talked to where theres kind of an incentive to bring the customer back into the store and re-market to them and we do see a huge uplift in those design rewards and it is a very -- we get a very good loyalty program going based on that. 
Sharon L. McCollam: And then Janet, your last question was the outlook for rent renewals as we go forward -- you pointed out that the store opening in our brands kind of coincided with about 10 years ago and Howard, could you please speak to this issue?
W. Howard Lester: Janet, you are right. You know, we started building the design stores in Pottery Barn in the fall of 94, I think we built our first four. And so we are starting to see now, or we have been seeing some of those leases starting to come up for renewal. Where usually we have been historically a couple of years out in front of the natural expiration of the lease, and as you know because business was so robust at Pottery Barn, many of those stores after eight or nine years, we remodeled them and enlarged them and renewed the lease so we could cover the new depreciation schedule, the new investment that we have.  But we do have, starting in 2000 -- well, I mean, there were a few this year, a few more next year, and then they accelerate through the next three or four years, all those renewals that will be coming up.  I think this whole area is one that, as I said earlier, is very complex. If in fact the world is off for these two years entering 2010 something like 25%, which is what I tend to think it is or will be for the two years, then those rents that we were paying on the previous lease in my view have to go down 25%, our [inaudible] spend or something close to. And weve, as I said earlier, weve got to find a way to get it there.  Existing leases, we dont have any real leverage to force the landlord to lower the rent. I mean, hes got a contract and he would expect that he would get his rent [string]. And pretty much our landlords, with a few exceptions, are holding to that. But as renewals come up, were being very aggressive and we are expecting something in the order of what Ive talked about to bring rents back into line.  Now, we have other -- the whole issue is a very large issue. Well have a certain percentage of our leases where we will have whats called a co-tendency failure and that would be where weve written into our leases certain requirements for the landlord in terms of other tenants that theyve guaranteed they will be there, department stores or other specialty stores. And if they violate that covenant, then we have certain rights -- sometimes those rights allow us to get out of the lease totally, sometimes they allow us to reduce our rent quite substantially. So theres a lot going on here, this is a really complicated world and we are spending an inordinate amount of our time -- Ive just -- the last, I think [two] weeks ago our real estate team and myself flew around the country visiting with our major landlords. We continue to do that. Weve got more where Dave and I are out visiting stores next week in this whole -- and his team next week. The following week I am visiting with two of the major landlords again in follow-up meetings to try and think through how we are going to do business in the future because its a challenge for the whole community, both the real estate and [rate] community, as well as the retailers, so stay tuned. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And the next question comes from David Magee with SunTrust Robinson.
David Magee - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Good morning, everybody. Just a quick question on container costs -- was that a significant benefit in the first quarter and what are your expectations that youve got kind of baked in with container costs over the balance of the year?
Sharon L. McCollam: Well, the industry has declined in the neighborhood by a number of 20% to 35%, depending on the level of importing. Now that all began about this second quarter timeframe, so that cost is going to go into your inventory, Dave, and then it goes into your average cost and then it will flow through through the balance of the year. And in the first quarter, we saw no benefit from it and quite frankly, I dont anticipate seeing any significant benefit from it until we get into closer to Q3 by the time we receive any inventory and then sell it, so thats how we would see that playing out. But we will see a substantial reduction in costs in the back half of the year related to container costs. 
Operator: And well take our next question from Anthony Chukumba from FTN Equity Capital Markets.
Anthony Chukumba - FTN Equity Capital Markets: Good morning. I had a bit of a follow-up question in terms of real estate -- you know, youve made some remarks about working with your landlords and upcoming release renewals and also how many leases you have with co-tenancy agreements, so I guess I was just focusing on -- wanted to focus on the co-tenancy agreements. I mean, what percentage of your leases have these co-tenancy agreements and then that would allow you to potentially get rent reductions or close the stores without a penalty if one of the big co-anchors closes in the shopping center?
W. Howard Lester: Im not sure of the exact percentage -- somewhere around 25% or 30% probably of our leases have some form of co-tenancy requirement in them. I could be -- Sharon, do you have a better number?
Sharon L. McCollam: I think thats right in the range. 
W. Howard Lester: I think thats pretty close to the range that we have. Somewhere around 25% or 30%. 
Sharon L. McCollam: Anthony, they are different -- each lease in and of itself is very different and it may be a co-tenancy kick-out, it may be what we call a kick-out -- a co-tenancy failure or a kick-out right, a sales threshold issue. So there are several different attributes. It may or may not be about a name co-tenant but Howards percentages are absolutely correct. 
W. Howard Lester: Let me say this -- so Anthony, you know, at the end of the day, we in the retail specialty business or department stores, any of us, we are partners with the landlords and the major [retailers] out there and the small real estate guy who built a lifestyle center in some middle-sized city. We are all partners and we are in this together and I believe that while we have a very difficult problem in that this economy has just dropped a significant notch and we are going to have to deal with that, at the end of the day we are going to have to deal with it as partners. And we look for leverage where we can get it. Right now theyve got it because theyve got leases but what we are trying to do in our meetings with our landlords is convince them and its not hard to do at all. Its very clear that we are pretty much the best-of-class in our categories and that we are going to survive this. We are going to be here when its over and if they want to have a home strategy in their properties, then we need to work together now to assure that we are healthy and we are there and we are doing it in a way that works for both of us going forward. So its just -- its an issue thats going to take some time. Its a grind. We are both trying to get to the same result but its going to take a little time, but its a major problem for the retail -- bricks-and-mortar retailer in general. 
Sharon L. McCollam: What we are particularly encouraged about our business, which I think is whats fundamental to our strength right now, is the fact that 40% of our business approximately isnt coming straight from retail. The direct business, you can see it in the SG&A leverage to be a 100% retail right now would be extraordinarily challenging, but that direct piece and the variability of that piece has been extraordinarily beneficial for us. 
W. Howard Lester: Let me just add to that -- I know we have had several questions about productivity in the direct side in the catalogs and the ad costs. In fact, this quarter, I mean, advertising expense in the direct side is sort of like analogous to occupancy expense in bricks-and-mortar part of our business. And in our retail business, we have adjusted everything else that we can. Weve adjusted -- I mean, our margins are strong, our merchandise margins. Weve adjusted our service levels so that we think that they are as good as they have ever been but weve brought our costs down to our 2003 levels, so they are about as good as they have ever been as a percent of sales, our general expense -- all the other expenses in the store, weve adjusted but we havent had the capability to do that with occupancy expense.  Where in the direct side, we have -- I mean, our sales were down in DTC in the first quarter I think 23% or 21% or 23% and our advertising expense was down 31%, so -- and thats in an environment where people are spending less. Our best catalogs are not as productive, obviously, as they were a couple of years ago. So its a -- I think weve had a very good result there. Our biggest issue is the fixed occupancy expense that we have to somehow deal with going forward. 
Operator: And well take our next question from Neely Tamminga from Piper Jaffray.
Neely Tamminga - Piper Jaffray: Just a question here for Laura related to fall and holiday -- I mean, clearly you guys are seeing some up-ticks and improvements in the dcor, the easy budget friendly updates, the value furniture -- just wondering if the assortment is going to be distorted enough towards those categories naturally through the mix for that dcor side that would play right into some of these strengths. As well, any sort of updates you can give us on outdoor and has historically a good outdoor boded well for holiday? You know, entertaining for entertaining -- could you give us some feel on that? Thanks. 
Laura J. Alber: Sure. You know, its a great point -- the strength that we are seeing in textiles and some of the easy updates is going to -- should pay well into the natural shift into holiday and gift-giving and those areas where you spend more time decorating your home and you have more people in your home. And we have also in addition to that really -- youll see in fall and holiday in kids and Pottery Barn and teen even more great new introductions where we built the value and the great quality into the product from the get-go, so more things like the PB basics and more planned promotions.  On the planned promotions, we are really focused on driving the margin dollars and different than last year, we are planning them versus taking them because of inventory clearance, and so we are very cognizant of where we can make money by doing that and bring new customers into the brand.  And so those strategies are totally in place for fall and holiday and I am very optimistic as a result of them and the results we are seeing now.  On outdoor, you know its very interesting you asked that question -- when we started the outdoor season, all of our competition came out with sale prices right from the get-go and we started at regular price and we are now 20% off and doing quite well at 20% off and particularly as the season gets warmer, we are seeing it gain momentum. It started off tougher, its gaining momentum. We are also seeing strength not just in the furniture but the outdoor entertaining and the accessories there.  So you know, we still have the rest of June to go on outdoor and theres big sales that happen then, so its too early to call it. But we are excited also because we bought it to the weeks on hand left -- we bought it for the weeks, the amount of weeks that we have left and we dont anticipate that we are going to have to go any further on the markdown, which is fantastic. But whether that means -- what that means for Christmas, I dont know. I dont know if I have ever seen a correlation between outdoor selling and the Christmas assortment but I know this -- we are extremely well set up for fall and holiday with the assortments that we have planned, focusing on high quality, great style, unbeatable prices, and really relevant marketing. 
Operator: And well take our next question from Laura Champine of Cowen.
Laura Champine - Cowen & Company: Good morning. I just had a follow-up question on your gross margin performance, because Im not sure you broke out product margins specifically but it seems like they might have been better-than-expected, driven by your inventory clean-up and maybe better sell-through of new products. Why would you not see the same kind of benefits drive up-side in gross margins the next few quarters of the year?
Sharon L. McCollam: I will take that question -- in Q1, in our prepared remarks we said that of the margin deleverage in Q1, 75% of it was driven by fixed occupancy; the balance actually by markdowns, promotions. With the private label credit card, remember there are fees associated with the loyalty program and the 12-month [inaudible] program, so those are like markdowns, so that affects the margin. As we look forward to the back-half of the year, we had played in improvement in our margin but Howard mentioned that we continue to be cognizant of the fact that we have competitors closing stores, liquidating inventories, the inventories in many of our competitors are still too high and we are seeing bankruptcies. That inventory gets flooded on the market and we may have to react to that. So within our guidance for the balance of the year, we have left a significant cushion related to having to deal with those issues if we need to. Like I said earlier, when you think about where we believe that we will beat this guidance if we beat it for the year, it will be in the performance of Pottery Barn, better selling margins, and on the cost side where we are still seeing great controls in those areas. So thats how we are looking at it. 
Operator: Thank you. That is all the time we have for questions today. I will now turn the call over to Howard Lester for closing comments. 
W. Howard Lester: Well, thank you for joining us today and we will see you in -- well be talking to you in another quarter. Thank you for your support. Good morning. 
Operator: And this does conclude todays conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-12-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve Nelson  Director of IR Howard Lester  Chairman and CEO Sharon McCollam  CFO, COO and EVP Dave DeMattei  Group President of Williams-Sonoma, Williams-Sonoma Home and West Elm Laura Alber  President
Analysts: Budd Bugatch  Raymond James & Associates Matthew Fassler  Goldman Sachs Alan Rifkin  Merrill Lynch Joe Feldman  Telsey Advisory Group Michael Lasser  Barclays Capital Neely Tamminga  Piper Jaffray Brad Thomas  KeyBanc Brian Nagel  UBS
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma Incorporated third quarter 2008 earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Well conduct a question-and-answer session after the presentation. This conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Steve Nelson, Director of Investor Relations at Williams-Sonoma Incorporated to discuss forward-looking statements. Please go ahead sir.
Steve Nelson: Good morning. This mornings conference call should be considered in conjunction with the press release we issued earlier today. The forward-looking statements included in this mornings call constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, guidance and prospects of the company in 2008 and beyond and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the companys current press release and SEC filings including reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call. As a reminder the fourth quarter of 2008 is a 13 week quarter versus 14 weeks in fiscal year 2007 and the fiscal year 2008 is a 52-week year versus fiscal year 2007, which was a 53-week year. The extra week in 2007 added approximately $70 million or 5% to our fourth quarter 2007 revenue growth and 4% or $0.05 to our diluted earnings per share. Ill now turn the conference call over to Howard Lester, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
Howard Lester: Good morning and thanks for joining us. With me today is Laura Alber, our President; Pat Connolly, our Chief Marketing Officer; Sharon McCollam, our Chief Operating and Chief Financial Officer; and David DeMattei, our Group President for the Williams-Sonoma, Williams-Sonoma Home, and West Elm brands. Let me begin today with an overview of our third quarter results and then discuss how we are approaching the current economic environment going forward. Ill then turn the call over to Sharon, Dave, and Laura. During the third quarter, the unprecedented downturn in the US financial market had a significant impact on our business. To put this in perspective, year-over-year net revenues declined 16% resulting in a third quarter loss of $0.10 per diluted share. During the quarter, comparable store sales declined from a negative 14% in August to negative 20.1 in September to a negative 27.6 in October. This compares to a 10.4% decline in the first half of the year. In our core brands, net revenues decreased 17.9%. This decline was driven by 23.8% decrease in the Pottery Barn brand, 15% decrease in the Pottery Barn Kids brand, and a 5.7% decrease in the Williams-Sonoma brand. In our emerging brands, which include West Elm, PBteen and Williams-Sonoma Home, net revenues decreased 4.4%. But while the top line continued to be a challenge throughout the quarter, we did continue to make significant progress on several of our key initiatives. In direct marketing, we continue to move forward with our catalog circulation optimization strategy, which greatly contributed to 14.5% reduction in advertising expense during the quarter. Due to the success of this initiative, we are looking at new ways to expand this strategy over the next several quarters. In supply chain, we once again delivered meaningful customer service and financial benefits from our returns, replacements, and damages initiatives that weve been working on, including a 140 basis point reduction in our total company sales return rate and a 30 basis point reduction in replacements and damages expense. This has been a key initiative for us and we believe there is still significant opportunity to reduce further as we continue to assume greater control over our Asian furniture operations and in-home furniture delivery in key markets. In both these areas, we are progressing ahead of schedule. We also made significant progress on our inventory reduction initiative. At the end of the third quarter, year-over-year inventory was down a better than expected $75 million or 9.8%. As we look forward to the balance of the year, its extremely difficult to project how the recent deterioration in the US economy is going to affect peak holiday spending. But what we can project consistent with our October 29th guidance is what the fourth quarter would look like if the trends we saw in October and November continue. As such, we are reiterating our fourth quarter revenue guidance in the range of $940 million to $1 billion and our EPS in the range of $0.10 to $0.30 per share. This represents a year-over-year revenue decline of 27% to 32% and diluted earnings per share decline of 74% to 91%. And while these results are reflective of current economic conditions, we are not dwelling of what we cant control. With revenues and earnings decline of this magnitude and a potential for an additional 10% to 12% revenue decline in 2009 if these trends continue, we are taking dramatic action to protect the bottom line in our balance sheet. These actions include the following changes in 2009 versus 2008. A targeted 10% reduction in 2009 inventory receipts, a targeted 50 to 100 basis points improvement in cost of merchandise-sold, a targeted $75 million reduction in 2009 SG&A expense, a targeted $10 million to $15 million reduction in 2009 returns, replacements and damages etc. We targeted $100 million or nearly 50% reduction in 2009 capital spending and a steady plan to close underperforming stores where possible and the implementation of a strategic pricing and promotion plan to enhance the value proposition across all of our brands. All of these actions will allow us to protect our bottom line, build our balance sheet and position our brands to emerge stronger when the economy improves. Cash is king in this environment and all of our decisions are and will be made with that in mind, including the recent termination of our $150 million share repurchase authorization. Additionally with 100% participation from our bank group we have successfully amended our $300 million unsecured revolving line of credit facility in addition to our $165 million unsecured letter of credit facility as a proactive response to the significant changes in the macro environment and the associated impact on our businesses. Ill let Sharon discuss the details of these amendments later in todays call. While we recognize that our business today is being significantly impacted by the countrys serious economic problems, we know that over time these problems will be solved. We also know that despite recent declines in housing values peoples homes are still their most material asset and they are going to invest in them and when they do, well be there to capitalize on it. But now Id like to turn the call over to Sharon.
Sharon McCollam: Thank you, Howard. Good morning. Id like to now talk about third quarter results. In the third quarter of 2008, net revenue decreased 16% to $752 million. This decrease was driven by a 21.4% reduction in comparable store sales and 14.6% and 26.1% decrease in catalog and paid circulation respectively. This decrease was partially offset by an 8.3% increase in retail rate square footage. Diluted earnings per share in the third quarter of 2008 decreased $0.35 to a loss of $0.10 per share versus a $0.25 per share profit in the third quarter of 2007. Gross margin expressed as a percentage of net revenues was 32% in the third quarter of 2008 versus 38.2% in the third quarter last year. This 620 basis point decrease was driven by the deleverage of fixed occupancy expenses primarily due to declining sales and increase in cost of merchandize including the impact of increased markdowns and an increase in inventory-related reserves. These increases were partially offset however, by a 30 basis point reduction in replacement and damages expense. SG&A expense was $260 million or 34.6% of net revenues in the third quarter of 2008 versus $297 million or 33.2% of net revenues in the third quarter of 2007. This 140 basis point increase was primarily driven by an approximate $12.3 million or $0.07 per diluted share asset impairment charge associated with four underperforming retail stores and the deleverage of advertising and employment costs primarily due to declining sales. These increases were partially offset however by reduction in other general expenses. This years employment expense included an approximate $11 million or $0.06 per diluted share benefit associated with the reversal of performance based stock compensation expense as discussed in the companys Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 29. Id now like to discuss significant year-over-year working capital balance sheet variances at the end of third quarter of 2008. Cash and cash equivalents were $23 million with no borrowings under our $300 million revolving line of credit. This represents a year-over-year increase of $7 million after returning $98 million to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividends over the past 12 months. Merchandize inventory decreased $75 million or 9.8% to $695 million, which was significantly better than our expectations. The primary driver of this decrease was a reduction in units across all brands including a $66 million reduction in the Pottery Barn Core brands, a $22 million reduction in the emerging brands and a $10 million reduction in the William Sonoma brands including costs and mix shift impact. These reductions were partially offset by a $23 million increase in new and remodeled stores for all brands. Prepaid catalog expenses decreased $22 million or 28.8% to $54 million. This decrease was primarily driven by our catalog circulation optimization strategy partially offset by cost increases in paper and postage. Additionally, as Howard said earlier despite having no borrowings under our revolving line of credit at the end of the quarter, and no breach in financial covenants, we proactively amended both our $300 million unsecured revolving line of credit and our $165 million letter of credit facility to provide us with the financial flexibility and liquidity that we believe maybe necessary during these difficult economic times. The highlights of the covenant amendments are as follows, a reset leverage ratio with significantly reduced threshold, the addition of a fixed charge coverage ratio, certain limitations on the companys ability to increase dividends, certain limitations on future share purchases, and an increase in the estimated annual cost of the facility of approximately $1.5 million. We are very appreciative of the unanimous support that we received from our 10-member bank group on these amendments in light of this extremely tight credit market. The expiration dates of both agreements remain unchanged with the revolving line of credit agreement expiring in October 2011, and the letter of credit agreement expiring in September 2009. Further details regarding these amendments are available in the companys Form 8-K that was filed this morning. Id now like to discuss our fourth quarter guidance. As Howard mentioned our guidance for the fourth quarter has not changed. It is predicated on the assumption that the revenue trends we have seen in October and November continue and that our selling gross margins will decline up to 200 basis points on a year-over-year basis as we competitively increase our promotional levels and reduce our inventory. As these are the same assumptions that supported our October 29th guidance, we are reiterating our fourth quarter revenue and diluted earnings per share guidance in the ranges of $940 million to a $1 billion and $0.10 to $0.30 per diluted share respectively. We would say that the most likely outcome based on our economic outlook is that we will be at the lower end of these ranges particularly as we work aggressively to reduce inventories. In response to these lower sales trends we are however continuing to reduce our infrastructure and overhead costs and will be taking even significantly greater actions once we get to peak season. We are also aggressively developing overhead and infrastructure reduction plans for 2009 that are reflective of the current economic environment which we believe could continue for the foreseeable future. Accordingly as Howard shared earlier, from a balance sheet and cash flow perspective, we are reducing our 2009 year-over-year retail lease square footage growth to 3%, our capital spending in the range of $95 million to $105 million and our year-end merchandize inventory in the range of 7% to 10%. But we are also looking at all current and overhead infrastructure costs in relation to 2004 level when our sales were similar and developing a roadmap to get back to those levels where possible. Such dramatic change cannot be implemented overnight but this is a key objective to the balance of 2008 and 2009. While we recognize that many of the cost increases are fixed we also know that there is significant opportunity here and are aggressively pursuing it. Beyond these initiatives, we are continuing to identify new business opportunities that can further benefit us as we move forward through the balance of the year and into 2009. As we have said, we are leaving no stone unturned and are continuing to strategically invest in those initiatives that will enhance our competitive position and allow us to emerge stronger than before when the economy begins to rebound. Ill now turn the call over to Dave DeMattei to discuss the William-Sonoma, William-Sonoma Home and West Elm brands.
Dave DeMattei: Thank you, Sharon and good morning. Id like to begin with William-Sonoma. While the William-Sonoma brand continued to be more resilient than our other home furnishing brands, it too was negatively impacted by the progressive declines in mall traffic and the weakening retail environment in the third quarter. During the quarter, net revenues declined 5.7%, with similar decreases in both channels. Performance in the retail channel was primarily driven by 11.4% decrease in comparable store sales partially offset by incremental revenues from new and expanded stores. Comparable store sales like all other brands declined progressively throughout the quarter with the month of October ending at a negative 17.4%. From a merchandizing perspective we saw growth in seasonal food and electrics, which we believe is a positive indicator for holiday sale. However, these categories were substantially offset by tabletop, cooks tools, housewares, and cutlery. As we look forward to the balance of the fourth quarter, we believe that the William-Sonoma brand with its seasonal relevance and gift giving focus will continue to be more resilient than our other home furnishing brands. But despite this belief, our fourth quarter guidance is being projected based on our October and November trends and assumes total brand sales will decline in the range of negative mid-to high teens on a 13 to 13-week adjusted basis. We are however aggressively responding to the macro headwinds that we are facing by implementing several new marketing strategies to try to increase sales including a Black Friday weekend, buy now and receive a gift coupon for the future purchase program and an standard set pricing program to promote unit sell up at a great value for the customer. With the holiday compression of five less shopping days between Thanksgiving and Christmas, our execution will be critical and were focused on the following initiative to capitalize on the brands authority, promoting our gift assortment to highlight the broad range of price points and options that we are offering, strengthening our marketing messages to draw attention to new and exclusive offering, leveraging the functionality of our new e-commerce platform, and providing a superior shopping experience to our customers while balancing the cost pressure of a softer top line. We believe that despite the macro environment, the William-Sonoma brand will continue to be the premier destination for high-end cooking and entertaining essentials and with strong execution can outperform the industry in the holiday season. The Williams-Sonoma Home brand due to substantial downturn in the US economy in the high end retail sector has had a significant impact on the performance of this brand in both channels. As such, for the fourth quarter we are aggressively implementing a strategy to drive increased traffic to the brand and enhance the value to our highest end consumer, including leveraging the promotional ad initiative we just discussed in the William-Sonoma brand. We are also hosting for the first time a friends and family event which is starting today and will extend through the weekend. But despite these initiatives we are cognizant of the challenges facing this brand in this difficult economic time. At a minimum, we know that our revised sales projections are going to put pressure on gross margins as we reduce inventory levels and that our retail performance is going to fall well below expectations due to the current sales declines. Based on these results we are strategically evaluating the overall market potential for the William-Sonoma Home in this economic environment. In the West Elm brand, the impact of the macro environment in the third quarter was much less pronounced than in many other home furnishing brands. Although our revenues did decline due to lower traffic in our existing retail stores and a weaker consumer response to the direct to customer channel, these declines were partially offset by incremental sales from new stores. During the quarter, we opened 4 new stores ending the quarter with 36 stores versus 27 last year. From a merchandizing perspective we did see positive year-over-year growth in textiles, lighting and table top. But these increases were more than offset by declines in furniture and decorative accessories, and while we are disappointed in our overall decline in sales which we believe is macro-driven, we remain confident in our design-driven merchandize offering and its competitive positioning in the marketplace. We look forward to the fourth quarter  as we look forward to the fourth quarter we are doing so as an aggressive marketing and promotional plans and a key focus on sales driving initiatives that we can execute against. We are continuing to focus on reducing cost of goods sold through strategic sourcing, enhanced quality assurance programs and improved inventory management as we strive to increase the operating contribution in the West Elm brand long-term. Ill now turn the call over to Laura to discuss the Pottery Barn Brand.
Laura Alber: Thank you, Dave. Good morning. First I will start with the Pottery Bran brand. Third quarter year-over-year net revenues decreased 23.8% with declining trends throughout the quarter in all channels. Of this revenue decrease, approximately 215 basis points were driven by the catalog circulation optimization strategy. Merchandize margins were also lower during the quarter as we increased markdowns to react to weak retail traffic, lower direct to consumer conversion rates, and a more promotional environment. Retail was particularly challenging with third quarter comparable store sales decreasing 27.6%. The month of October however at a negative 34.5% comp was notably weaker than the rest of the quarter. From a merchandizing perspective, we saw relatively similar year-over-year sales declines across all key categories including furniture. Highlights were in pillows and select furniture collections. Authentic design, casual style, great value and superior quality, is what the consumer is responding to. From an operational perspective during the quarter, we continue to make significant progress in both our catalog circulation optimization and our returns, replacements, and damages initiative. We also significantly reduced our inventory level in both units and dollars despite a significant sales decline we saw in October. As we look forward to the remainder of the fourth quarter we are assuming that the negative trends that we saw in October and November will continue and as such on a 13-week to 13-week adjusted basis, we are projecting that total brand sales in the fourth quarter will decline in the range of 30% to 35%. Our focus is on maximizing and investing in the initiatives that we believe will drive increased traffic and higher sales including reinforcing our value proposition including the roll out of a more lucrative private label credit card loyalty program and a one-year savings cash financing offer to our customers, enhancing our merchandize presentation in all channels to resonate with the consumers changing mindset, increased Internet marketing, including an increase in promotional offers and focus on conversion and expanding in-store service levels to include decorating classes, increased clientele-ing and customer outreach programs. We are also intensely focused on reducing inventories through management of people [ph], transfers between channels and the utilization of our outlet stores and e-commerce website. To support these initiatives, we expect to be significantly more promotional between now and the end of the year. Now Id like to talk about Pottery Barn Kids. Third quarter net revenue in Pottery Barn Kids decreased 16%. Of this decrease, approximately 200 basis points were driven by reduction in catalog circulation as expected. Merchandize margins were also significantly lower than last year due to increased markdowns and promotions to drive increased traffic. We continue to believe that the macro environment is having a significant impact on both the top and bottom lines of the Pottery Barn Kids brand due to its dominant mix of high margin discretionary categories like textiles and decorative accessories. Both core furniture and life stage categories were also impacted this quarter. Retail was particularly impacted with comp stores sales declining 20%. Like our other brands, the decline was progressive throughout the quarter with October ending at negative 25.6%. As this trend has continued into November, our fourth quarter guidance on a 13-week to 13-week adjusted basis assumes that total brand sales will decline at a similar level in the fourth quarter. From an operational perspective during the quarter, we continue to see better than expected savings from both catalog circulation optimization and returns, replacement and damages initiative. Like Pottery Barn, Pottery Bran Kids was able to substantially reduce inventory levels despite the significant unexpected decline in sales. At the end of the third quarter, the Pottery Barn and Pottery Barn Kids inventories combined were down $66 million versus last year. As we look beyond the fourth quarter for both the Pottery Barn and Pottery Barn Kids brands, we do not believe that the home furnishing categories is going to rebound quickly. But we do believe that there are things we can do now that are strategic for longer growth potential of the brands. Therefore, what we are focused on today, is aggressively addressing the customers perception of the value proposition in both brands, continuing to update our core assortment to reflect a mix that is reflective of todays economic environment and managing the aspect of the business that we can control while at the same time protecting our brands image. By focusing on all of these initiatives, we believe that the Pottery Barn and Pottery Barn Kids brands will emerge from these challenging times with an even stronger competitive presence. Let me now talk about Pottery Barn Teen. After delivering positive year-over-year net revenues growth in both August and September, net revenues in the Pottery Barn Teen brand declined so dramatically in October that the brand ended the quarter with negative revenue growth for the first time in its history. Net revenues in the PBteen brand declined 2.4% in the third quarter of 2008. From a merchandizing perspective, like our other home furnishing brands, furniture did slow during the quarter, and while this decline was extremely disappointing, it is clear that the issues facing the brand are very macro in nature and not brand-specific. But that does not change our need to react. Therefore as we look forward to the balance of the fourth quarter, we will do so with a more cautious economic outlook but on an optimistic brand outlook. We are also continuing to drive merchandizing and marketing initiatives to improve the teen customer experience and extend the reach of the brand. These initiatives include leveraging the August launch of an upgraded e-commerce website, testing Pottery Barn Teen merchandize for the first time at retail in one Pottery Barn Kid store which opened in November, and expanding our merchandize assortment across a wide range of price points to serve a broader range of teen interest. We continue to be excited about the long-term growth potential of PBteen as it solidifies its positioning in the Pottery Barn portfolio brand. Id now like to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Well go first to Budd Bugatch with Raymond James & Associates.
Budd Bugatch  Raymond James & Associates: Good morning.
Sharon McCollam: Hi Budd.
Budd Bugatch  Raymond James & Associates: Sharon, maybe you could kind of give us a feel as you look out a little bit longer term as to the fixed the variable nature now of the businesses as you try to deal with this new real  new economy that we seem to be in and give us a feel of when leverage starts to come back to SG&A and what maybe the gross margin aspect looks like going forward if we have to stay more competitive for a longer period of time?
Sharon McCollam: I think that when you  that is a great question and when we released our Q4 earnings we will give you more specific guidance for 2009 but I think there are some advantages that we have in this company that are not shared by other retailers and the largest of those is the fact that 40% of our business comes form the direct-to-customer channel and with catalog circulation we have more flexibility than a retailer who is sitting with bricks and mortar. So, one of the things that we of course are continuing to look at, is the expansion of our catalog circulation optimization strategy and youve noticed that in Howards commitments for 2009 that he went through in his prepared remarks that he said that we expect SG&A next year to be down $75 million and a piece of that of course is coming from ad cost. It is also coming from employment and other areas and thats just where we are getting started. On the store side, I will let Howard speak to the fixed cost but we do have some opportunities from a real estate point of view that will be coming up. We have a distribution center that has got a lease expiring in the next 24 months, thats a large one, and we are working on getting out of that. We also have an office building in San Francisco in 2010 that is expiring. So, weve got some good fixed things that we will talk more about at the time that we actually give guidance for next year but I would like to turn it over to Howard to talk about the real estate strategy and what they are doing now with our landlords.
Howard Lester:
 :
 :
Sharon McCollam: And when we are looking at those we are looking at when Howard talked about the four walls, of course with depreciation in stores are taking a tremendous hit but when are referring to our stores at the end of the third quarter just to put it in perspective, we only had 19 stores with negative cash flow and so when you look at a portfolio of over 600 stores, you can see what Howard is referring to as to the strength that we had previously in those stores from a cash flow perspective.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler  Goldman Sachs: Thanks a lot and good morning. I want to focus on real estate and capital program as well I guess to understand where the merchant brands fit into the CapEx program. Were they getting more or less of their share of CapEx reductions and given the challenging environment and the potential that will last for a little while with implications for capital? Is this leading you to reconsider your plans for rolling these out and to continue to develop this array of businesses?
Sharon McCollam: Okay. I am going to let Howard take the question. Ill talk about overall CapEx and how it affects the real estate question about where the investments are next year.
Howard Lester: Matt this is Howard. From the stand  the vast majority of  we are surely going through the sale but the majority of our CapEx plan for next year and beyond, 2010 and 2011 are new stores or there is some in there that we have to do for remodels for stores. We dont want to let our stores run down. So, we do have some CapEx in there just on remodel programs on our existing stores base. But with respect to the new stores, we have quite a few  not quite a few, but we have a number in 2009 that frankly is higher than we would like for it to be. About half of that Sharon tells me is West Elm I think and these are stores that we had already contracted for and signed leases on. By and large if we dont have a lease, we are not doing it. Unless we have some legal obligation to do it, we are stopping all new store development whether it is emerging brands or any of our brands for that matter. There are some again because we work 18 to 24 months out that we are already committed for in 2009 and 2010. But there might be one or two small exceptions to what I just said, where we are relocating some stores from one place to another and the landlord is planning for the building of the stores or something. We might be doing that but that would have almost if no impact on CapEx. So, 09 is going to be higher than we would like, again because the bulk of that is pre-contracted for the lease already. Some of those are under construction like for instance in New York City we are building is under construction (inaudible), a new West Elm on Columbus Circle. In todays environment, we probably wouldnt have done that. Im sure we wouldnt have done that, but we signed the lease sometime ago and started construction last year. So, youll see some of those things happening. But by and large you will see it come here to a halt. There is no preference for emerging brands or anything. We just dont want to be opening any new stores unless we have to in this environment.
Sharon McCollam: And then Matt, just keep in mind that we are reducing the capital spending by almost a $100 million. So when Howard says we still have more than we would like, we would hope  we are still hoping and Howard is still working on taking that $100 million reduction to a higher number. The majority of that reduction is coming in stores, and in IT and when we talk about IT we still have a significant investment in the Internet next year. But the reason that our IT spending is coming down is because as you know we have recently implemented several major systems and their spending cycle is over. It is not that we have had to change a way or the direction that we were going or renew plans from an IT perspective. We are just finished with those projects and the spending is behind us, so its very opportunistic. The other thing that weve been mentioning is that we also from a store capital perspective this year we had some significant investments including replacing all the IT technology and followed by registers at all of our stores, and so that is behind us this year. So, if we look forward to 09, 10 or 11, we have very little maintenance capital from an IT perspective in the store organization. So, we have got a lot of things that have happened in 08 that have really set us up perfectly to weather this in 2009 and the next couple of years if thats required.
Operator: With Merrill Lynch, well go next to Alan Rifkin.
Alan Rifkin  Merrill Lynch: Yes, thank you. I just wanted to say a point of clarification. I do have a couple of questions, if you dont mind. You are backing your fourth quarter across the board essentially with respect to sales, comps and earnings and thats pretty much in line with what you articulated in October. Can we be led to believe than that November relative to October was actually stable?
Sharon McCollam: It was and actually it was very similar to October. It started out slightly worse. I know you guys all heard that and we saw the same thing and then we actually did see some resilience in the customer as we got closer to Thanksgiving but remember our William-Sonoma, they are still relevant at that time, but across all of our brands including the Black Friday in that weekend, we did see some improvement. The other thing that we did is Dave and Laura articulated these promotion programs that they put into place and they have been very successful. We have been looking all year for promotion programs that are working with the consumer and we think we have actually identified some things that are very important and I would like to ask Howard to add a few things.
Howard Lester: I would just like to add something Alan, I think in October we would have said, by the end of October we would have said this thing is so powerful that we can seem to do anything to move the needle and that was the frustrating part. We couldnt tell, it was just overwhelming from the customers, the way they were acting. The encouraging thing in that aspect last month in stores and the encouraging thing is that now some of the programs that we thought through, our people thought through, particularly in Pottery Barn although it is also true in West Elm and in Sonoma. So, it is not just limited to Pottery Barn are starting to work. We are seeing improvements. I just came from one district where we had tested some things and we were running 500 basis points better than the trend, the brand trend there as a result of those programs and they were up. They were making a 100% of the difference. So we are starting to  thats the most encouraging news that I can give you is that we are starting to see some things move the consumer our way a little bit where before we just didnt feel like we could do anything to do that. So, if there is a bright light, thats it.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And well go next to Joe Feldman with Telsey Advisory Group.
Joe Feldman  Telsey Advisory Group: Thanks guys, a question about Pottery Barn, a couple actually. As you think about the issues going on with Pottery Barn, Howard it sounds like maybe you have answered some of this but, how much of it really is macro versus the micro? You know is the product still resonating with the customer? Are there things that you have to do to tweak the product, is there  are there pricing issues? I know that you have tried to bring in some more entry point prices a year ago and that seemed to be working better, but lately it seems like prices have kind of moved upwards a little bit. Just maybe you could address some of those issues?
Howard Lester: Well Laura and I will do it together but let me take the first shot at it because we have both been out in stores pretty much in the last month as I said and I talked to a lot of our kids and looked at a lot of stores and tried to understand at that level what is really going on with the customer. I will tell you that two years ago, three years ago, we had some brand issues within Pottery Barn. I think that we talked about them, that we had opportunities with improving our field organization, improving our merchandize. We thought we got a little tired, improving our value proposition and I think now Ive never seen the field organization in Pottery Barn look better than it does today in the stores that Ive been in and Ive been all through the Southeast, Southwest and Chicago, West Coast, Portland, they are looking, I mean the quality of the people, their attitude, their morale, the things they are doing with their outreach programs is as good as Ive ever seen it. I would say that the stores look terrific. Are there opportunities within the merchandize? You know they always are. I think we are trying to get back to very strong core assortment. We have done a good job there. Well try to do a little bit better job with maybe some more editing and a few things that  there are always opportunities to improve but I would say by and large it is  this thing is more macro now. But we are  and thats in the programs that I was just talking about earlier in response to Matt Fasslers question, when we talk to customers and we do our job right, we know we will get the sale. So, and we are seeing some real results from that. So I dont think Pottery Barn is perfect but I dont think we have a lot of apologies to make today. There are categories of merchandize that we missed in that we know we can do better for next season in. There is always opportunity but its not primarily about the merchandize today, it might be (inaudible).
Laura Alber: Just to add on your specific question Joe about pricing we  from a few months back when we mentioned and talked publicly about our prices getting too high, we did reduce our pricing offer and went strategically through every category and reduced them. However, now that the consumer has cut back more we have to do an even better job of being more competitive and what weve been very successful in doing, is to drive operational improvement and to cut our costs and we are able to give that back in savings to the consumer and particularly next year as we cut inventory. So, I am excited about the opportunity to improve our value proposition because of our operational improvement and thats really what the customer is  it is very important maybe I think so many of us are saying right now we dont want to buy things at regular price. We want to make sure we get the best value, and we are in a better position to offer the customer great value that we have ever been because we have really improved our quality and weve stabilized where we are with our design aesthetics and are clear about where the customer is resonating with the brand and where they arent. So we are excited about those opportunities as we go into next year, even though the customer is much more picky and much more thoughtful about what they are buying.
Operator: And well go next to Michael Lasser with Barclays Capital.
Michael Lasser  Barclays Capital: Good morning, thanks for taking my question. I am going to throw two out there so I dont get cut off. Number one, can you talk about the relative performance particularly in Pottery Barn of the on mall and off mall locations, you know, the reason why I ask is perhaps the nature, not only in mall traffic decline, but perhaps the nature of the traffic is changing such that the profile of the customer who is shopping at our mall today is not entirely consistent with what your typical customer profile is and that might change the relevancy of those stores over the long-term. Number two, could you break down the inventory a little bit more in terms of how much was the performance due to a reduction in purchases and how much was due to returning some of the goods back to the vendors? Thanks and best of luck.
Sharon McCollam: Ill take the inventory question just from a broad perspective. And that $75 million there was substantially very little of it at all if any that was returned to the vendors. This has been a strategic initiative for us. We have reduced purchase orders, we have reduced our real quantities and then the other part of that has been the effective utilization of our outlet stores and our websites to clear merchandize. We see the  if you look at the sales numbers and you know they are in the range but those are how we are getting there. Remember, I mentioned earlier this year that we made a strategic decision at the beginning of the year with our outlet stores that they would not have an open to buy for our product direct to the outlet. They are basically what we have said is, on a few exceptions we are allowing it, but basically their only vendor is the brand and that has been very effective for us in clearing merchandize.
Howard Lester: On the store locations question, I dont think there is any material difference between street stores or lifestyle centers or shopping malls. Pretty much it is  it is pretty much across the board. The differences that we see is because we have got a better, some outstanding manager in one store and a better team and they can make 20% difference and that has been true in good times and it is still true in bad times. I mean we have got stores that are comping up in this environment when all the stores and the sister stores in the district are down. There are up and you say why is that? And its because they have got a manager and a team that just somehow gets it done, and other than that I dont think it is location specific. I think the consumer is just not spending and to look for all these details it varies a bit by region but pretty much it is not discriminatory by type of  whether it is a downtown location or whether it is shopping mall. It is pretty much the way it was before it started.
Operator: And from Piper Jaffray, we will go next to Neely Tamminga.
Neely Tamminga  Piper Jaffray: Great. Just again I will throw my housekeeping and my real question up there, first on housekeeping, if I go back and I look at what you guys did in 1999, 2000 in terms of store openings, I mean you would have in theory your average lease life about 80 plus stores coming up for lease renewals in the next two years and Im just wondering how many, just by way of example, how many of those 80 stores have you already reworked or renegotiated those leases or all  are all ED kind of up for renewal, that will be the housekeeping question and then secondly just for the two different brand precedents, if you can give us a sense of clearly you guys have some really good promotions that are working and resonating and particularly in the William-Sonoma side you have got some focus here on post Christmas, which is a lot less gift giving. So how are you morphing the assortments to pick up that business post Christmas with gift card sales clearing going to be coming down this year, it is going to be a lot more sort self focused instead of gift focused and clearance focused. Just trying to get a sense of what is going to happen there?
Sharon McCollam: Okay, I am going to let Howard take the real estate question and then Laura will take the Pottery Barn and Dave will take Sonoma, so Howard.
Howard Lester: Well on the  first of all, our leases, the vast majority of them are 12 year leases, not 10. So, when we look at these leases we look at then year-by-year. We are out in front in a lot of them. We have trended historically to remodel our stores about every 7 to 9 years. It is kind of when the store starts to gets tired or it has grown to the point. So, many of those have already been dealt with along the way when they were 7 years old or 8 years old the volume grew to the point that we enlarged the store and to enlarge the footprint, signed a new lease and move on. So, I cant give you the number year-by-year but as I said earlier the vast majority of our stores that are coming up are still stores that you would covet to have. So, but I cant give you the number of opportunities. So, we are  except to generally say we are about two years out in front of them, and Laura and Dave can talk about the promotion side. I dont want to see this go into a lot of detail on those. I mean we have worked hard to develop the strategic kind of things that we are doing and so we kind of generally talk about them but not specifically.
Laura Alber: Right Neely if you dont mind we are in such a competitive environment right now and as I said in my prepared remarks, we are doing promotions, we are taking markdowns based on sales and we have contingency plans based on sales going up and sales going down and we are going to be all over it. So, thats as much as I really want to share, given the competitive nature.
Dave DeMattei:
 :
Operator: And our next question comes from Brad Thomas with KeyBanc.
Brad Thomas  KeyBanc: Hi thanks. Actually I just wanted to follow up on something you just mentioned Howard. You were talking about the expanding of your existing stores. I know it has been a long-term strategy of yours. Can you talk a little bit about how some of your bigger stores are doing versus the smaller stores from a return standpoint? Do you still plan to do some of these expansions over the next couple of years and is that still really a viable opportunity for you as we look out longer term or was this something that perhaps had been an opportunity during some very good retail years.
Howard Lester: It is a great strategy when sales are going up. Its not a great strategy when sales are going down. So for all these years you know they have increased and we opted to enlarge our footprint rather than have more footprints in the market area because we felt that we could improve the brand and with the consumer. We could have a much larger, better and more enjoyable shopping experience for the customer, we could do more in the store, add more talent in the store et cetera, et cetera and it has worked for us. As I said earlier, in the next couple of years until the economy gets a lot better, we are not going to do anything more than likely. I mean that is not to say that you know some opportunity might come up thats too good to not do. But by and large our rule around here is we are not interested. We are spending time on strategically rearranging our real estate portfolio, and so more effort is going into, almost all the effort is going into trying to close those stores that are really the handful Sharon mentioned. It is maybe 20 or something out of 620. But  so, we are focused on that but I will say that we have got an eye to the future. I mean we are doing all of that in the context of looking at each market that we are in and where we have got to be five years from now. We dont want to cut costs to the point that we really hurt the brand and we put ourselves in bad. We are not at that point. But we want to rearrange that portfolio given this economic environment that we are in. One day that strategy might come back again you know but right now we are having to deal with sales that are going the other way.
Operator: And our final question comes from Brian Nagel with UBS.
Brian Nagel  UBS: Hi good morning. Ive got a few questions and I will list all at once. But the first couple are for Sharon. The first is a follow up to a prior question, we talked  you have taken a CapEx for 2009 down to say $100 million. Maybe you can be a little more specific on how much of that $100 million is still discretionary? The reason we think about how far you could pull that back if you guys so choose? Second question also finance related, the dividend, your company is generating plenty of cash now but we saw you pull back and eliminate your share repurchase program. Where is the dividend remaining as far as your capital allocation priorities? And then the final question for Laura on the Pottery Barn side, to what extent do you think the clearance has limited things over the past few months or particularly over the past few weeks it has got more intense and if this impacted sales at Pottery Barn? Thanks.
Sharon McCollam: Okay, let Laura just take the question on limited things and then Ill follow up on the other two.
Laura Alber: Thank you. I dont  I believe that all of the promotional environment is affecting our consumer and I have had the opportunity to be in a lot of malls and shopping centers were limited thing were fairly closed and in other places it is not. So where it is closed I watched customers going back and forth between the two stores the other day and I would have probably said to you had I not seen that that it had no effect but I was watching it with my own eyes. So, anecdotally I will tell you that I will be glad when it is over, and we are watching very carefully all of our competition thats in the home business and very mindful of the discounting that they are doing in their stores, very different type of concept but of course all these things do impact the customer.
Sharon McCollam: And then on the question on CapEx, about 70% of the CapEx next year is related to stores and therefore the stores that we have on the list right now are stores that we would have to say we are virtually committed. We have either got a lease signed et cetera. However, Id say that  I will also say we have great relationship with our landlords and where it is convenient for both parties or there is a desire, Howard is aggressively talking to them and working on plans to defer or move out if thats possible. So, but I think right now you have to assume that that is pretty well committed. The balance will be coming in the areas of IT and distribution in the other areas where you have got your remaining representative. There is probably some flexibility there but the Internet is still proving to be our best performing channel and a big opportunity. So absent of that  a major change, further change in the economic environment Id say that we are pretty committed to at least the low end of that range, most likely the low end of that range and we will evaluate going forward. However things could change. Of course we have got some basic IT spending in there that we might be able to ground a little bit.  On the dividend question, our Board takes dividend and all uses of cash very seriously. They do a full review of this say at least once or twice a year minimum and we will continue to assess our cash flow and operating performance and assess it as we move forward. There  from a strategic priority point of view, our strategic priority Howard said is that cash is king in this environment and every decision that you make needs to be looked at in reference to that but how much cash do you need? With all these adjustments we are making we feel very good about our 2009 cash flow. We expect that we can move this around after another major change in the economy and be able to hopefully be able to not consume any cash next year and if we can do that, including that I mean including paying the dividend, so thats what we are looking at.
Operator: Thank you. That is all the time we have for questions today. I will now turn the call over to Howard Lester for closing comments.
Howard Lester: Well, I thank all of you for joining us today. We appreciate your time and we will keep dealing with this environment the best way we can and we will talk to you soon. Thank you so much.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen C. Nelson - Director, Investor Relations W. Howard Lester - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Sharon L. McCollam - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President David DeMattei - Group President - Williams-Sonoma, Williams-Sonoma Home, West Elm Laura J. Alber - President Patrick J. Connolly - Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer, Director
Analysts: Matt Nemer - Thomas Weisel Partners Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Budd Bugatch - Raymond James  Alan Rifkin - Merrill Lynch Michael Lasser - Lehman Brothers Chris Horvers - J.P. Morgan
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma Incorporated second quarter 2008 earnings call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Steve Nelson, Director of Investor Relations at Williams-Sonoma Incorporated, to discuss non-GAAP measures and forward-looking statements. 
Stephen C. Nelson: Good morning. This mornings conference call should be considered in conjunction with the press release we issued earlier today. I would first like to discuss the non-GAAP financial measures that are contained in this mornings earnings press release and conference call, which exclude the impact of unusual business events.  For the remainder of todays call, we will be discussing our second quarter results and 2008 quarterly and fiscal year guidance excluding the impact of these items and will refer to these results as non-GAAP. These non-GAAP financial measures are provided to facilitate meaningful year-over-year comparisons. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and an explanation of how these non-GAAP financial measures are used by management are discussed in Exhibit 1 of the press release.  I would now like to discuss our forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included in this mornings call constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, guidance, and prospects of the company in 2008 and beyond and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements.  Please refer to the companys current press release and SEC filings, including reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K, for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call.  I will now turn the conference call over to Howard Lester, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 
W. Howard Lester: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today is Laura Alber, our President; Pat Connolly, our Chief Marketing Officer; Sharon McCollam, our Chief Operating and Chief Financial Officer; and David DeMattei, our Group President for the Williams-Sonoma, Williams-Sonoma Home, and West Elm brands.  Let me begin today with an overview of our second quarter 2008 business results and a high level outlook for the balance of the year. Then Ill turn the call over to Sharon, Dave, and Laura for further details.  During the second quarter, much to our disappointment, we continued to see significant deterioration in the macroeconomic environment resulting in progressively declining comparable store sales throughout the quarter. To put this in perspective, comparable store sales declined 8.6% in May versus 14% in July. Due to this deterioration in trend, our second quarter net revenues decreased a greater than expected 4.6%.  However, despite this top line pressure, we focused on the aspects of our business that we could control, including the successful execution of several key cost reduction initiatives and delivered diluted earnings per share within the range of guidance at $0.17 per share. That included a $0.09 benefit related to the sale of our corporate aircraft. Excluding this $0.09 benefit, non-GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.08.  In our core brands, net revenues decreased 7.6%. This decline was driven by an 11.5% decrease in the Pottery Barn brand and an 8.1% decrease in the Pottery Barn Kids brand, partially offset by a 1% increase in the Williams-Sonoma brand.  In our emerging brands, which include West Elm, Williams-Sonoma Home, and PBTeen, net revenues increased 15.9%, despite the softening in the overall economy.  In direct marketing, we continued to implement our catalog circulation optimization strategy and the results to date are affirming that the circulation decreases we have made are accretive to earnings. Therefore, we will continue to look for ways to expand this strategy over the next several quarters.  In our supply chain, we continued to see significant benefit from our returns, replacements, and damages initiatives, including a 40-basis point reduction in replacements and damages expense and a 100-basis points reduction in our sales return rate. This has been a key initiative for us and we are currently taking additional steps to further reduce our cost in this area by assuming a greater level of direct control over our Asian furniture operations.  As we look forward to the third and fourth quarters, we are increasingly concerned about the downward trends weve seen in the macroeconomic environment and more importantly in our brands. Due to this concern, its difficult for us to predict how the consumer will respond in the back half of the year. Despite our confidence in our overall merchandising strategies, while this is difficult to accept the downturn weve seen in the last 30 to 60 days across all brands has been significant. Therefore, the most prudent outlook for us for the back half of the year is the assumption that these trends will continue, with the exception of the Williams-Sonoma brand, where we believe its seasonal relevance will drive improved sales despite a weak economy.  The impact of this assumption is reflected in todays updated guidance. Specifically, we are projecting revenues for the year on a 52- to 53-week basis to decline in the range of 7.8% to 9.5%, and diluted earnings per share to decline in the range of 34.7% to 41.5% to $1.03 to $1.15 per diluted share.  While we are extremely disappointed with these projections, we believe they are reflective of the current macro environment. Therefore, during this time, we will be focused on driving profitable growth while maintaining a strong balance sheet, including reducing inventories and capital expenditures. We will also be focusing on further reducing cost, to the extent that it does not affect service levels to our customers. As I said in June, our approach in this environment is not and will not be business as usual, and we are not expecting a quick turnaround.  Consistent with our economic perspective on 2008, we are looking forward to 2009 with a very cautious outlook. Accordingly, decisions we are making today are reflective of that sentiment, particularly in the areas of retail lease square footage growth, capital spending, and inventory. Therefore, in 2009, we are currently targeting the following: a reduction in retail lease square footage growth from 7% in 08 to 4% to 5% in 09; a reduction in capital spending from $200 million to $220 million in 08 to $145 million to $170 million in 09; and a continuing reduction in inventory levels through managed receipt flow and turn optimization initiatives.  We are however remaining flexible in our plans and are prepared to respond if we see any improvement in the macro environment. Therefore this year, we have consistently focused on improving our merchandising, our inventory planning, our marketing efficiency, and our supply chain operations, all of which leave us well-positioned to accelerate our business when the opportunity presents itself.  We believe that we are in a cycle, somewhat like the 80s and early 90s. But like those cycles, we believe it will pass and peoples homes are still their most material assets, so they are going to want to continue to invest in them.  We also believe that its only a matter of time before housing demand catches up with supply and when it does, there will be a revitalization in the home furnishings market again. So while this is a difficult time for home furnishings retailers overall, it is creating an opportunity for the strongest retailers to gain market share and we plan to capitalize on that.  I would now like to turn the call over to Sharon. 
Sharon L. McCollam: Thank you, Howard. Good morning. I would now like to talk about second quarter results. In the second quarter of 2008, GAAP diluted earnings per share decreased $0.06 to $0.17 per diluted share versus $0.23 in the second quarter of 2007. Excluding a $0.09 net benefit associated with the gains on the sale of our corporate aircraft, non-GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.08 per share. Throughout the quarter, the success of our operational and cost containment initiative allowed us to deliver operating results that were within our range of guidance.  Net revenues in the second quarter decreased 4.6% to $820 million. Comparable store sales decreased 11.7%. Retail lease square footage increased 11% and catalog circulation, consistent with our optimization strategy, decreased 20.5%. Paid circulation decreased 31.1%. This compares to catalog and paid circulation increases of 8.6% and 9.2% respectively in the second quarter of 2007.  Gross margin, expressed as a percentage of net revenues, was 34% versus 37.2% in the second quarter of 2007. This 320 basis point year-over-year decrease was primarily driven by an increase in cost of merchandise sold, including the impact of increased markdowns, the deleverage of fixed occupancy expenses, and an increase in inventory related reserves. These increases were partially offset, however, by a 40 basis point decrease in replacements and damages expense.  SG&A was $253 million, or 30.9% of net revenues, versus $277 million, or 32.3% in the second quarter of 2007. Excluding the approximate $16 million pretax benefit from the sale of the corporate aircraft, non-GAAP SG&A was 32.9%. This 60 basis point year-over-year increase was primarily driven by the deleverage of employment costs, partially offset by a reduction in advertising costs due to the successful rollout of our companys catalog optimization strategy.  The effective income tax rate was 27.1% versus 40.2% in the second quarter of 2007. This decrease was primarily driven by certain favorable income tax resolutions during the second quarter.  I would now like to discuss significant year-over-year working capital balance sheet variances at the end of the second quarter of 2008 versus the end of the second quarter of 2007. Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the second quarter were $39 million, a decrease of $19 million after returning $145 million to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividends over the past 12 months.  Merchandise inventories increased $5 million, or approximately 1% to $657 million, which is better than our expectations. This increase was driven by a $33 million increase in the fixed investment in new and remodeled stores, an $8 million increase in the Williams-Sonoma brand due to cost increases and a mix shift impact offset by lower units, and a $36 million reduction in the Pottery Barn brand due to lower units partially offset by cost increases and mix shift impact. Inventories in the emerging brands excluding new stores were virtually flat at the end of the quarter.  Prepaid catalog expenses decreased $19 million, or 27.9% to $50 million. This decrease was primarily driven by a significant reduction in catalog circulation related to the catalog circulation optimization strategy, partially offset by cost increases in paper and postage.  Accounts payable decreased $46 million, or 22.2% to $160 million. This decrease was primarily driven by the timing of payments at the end of the quarter due to the 52- to 53-week calendar shift, reductions in inventory receipts during the quarter, and lower catalog advertising costs.  I would now like to discuss our fiscal 2008 guidance. As a reminder, fiscal year 2008 is a 52-week year versus fiscal year 2007, which was a 53-week year. The 53rd week added approximately $70 million in revenue and $0.05 in diluted earnings per share to our 2007 results.  As we look forward to the third quarter and back half of 2008, as Howard mentioned we are increasingly concerned about the downturn we have seen in the economy and the home furnishings sector overall. Therefore, in our updated guidance today, we have assumed that our sales trends over the past 30 to 60 days will continue, with the exception of the Williams-Sonoma brand, which has not run a negative comp for the fourth quarter at any time in recent history. Based on this assumption, we have reduced our fiscal year 2008 guidance by $166 million to a range of $3.57 billion to $3.64 billion, and our GAAP diluted earnings per share guidance by $0.42 to $0.43 to $1.03 to $1.15. On a non-GAAP basis, our diluted earnings per share has been reduced to a range of $0.89 to $1.01.  In response to these lower sales trends, we are reassessing our infrastructure and implementing changes where appropriate, including a reduction in our capital spending guidance of an estimated $15 million and our inventory guidance in the range of $12 million to $16 million.  We are also ensuring that the plans we are putting in place for 2009 are reflective of the economic environment that we believe is going to continue for the foreseeable future. Accordingly, as Howard shared earlier, we are reducing our 2009 year-over-year retail lease square footage growth by 200 to 300 basis points, our capital spending by $50 million to $55 million, and our inventory to the extent it does not negatively impact customer service.  Beyond this, we are continuing to identify new business opportunities that can further benefit us as we move forward through the balance of the year and into 2009. As we have said, we are leaving no stone unturned and are continuing to strategically invest in those initiatives that will enhance our competitive position and allow us to emerge stronger when the economy begins to rebound.  I will now turn the call over to Dave DeMattei to discuss the Williams-Sonoma, Williams-Sonoma Home, and West Elm brands. 
David DeMattei: Thank you, Sharon. Good morning. I would like to begin with Williams-Sonoma. Despite an extremely difficult macro environment, net revenues in the Williams-Sonoma brand increased 1% in the second quarter. Comparable store sales, however, decreased 4.5% but were more than offset by incremental revenues from new and expanded stores and higher traffic in e-commerce. What drove the business was the successful marketing and merchandising of seasonal events, like Mothers Day, Fathers Day, and Fourth of July, which is encouraging as we enter the highly event-driven back half of the year.  From a merchandising perspective, the key growth drivers during the quarter were electrics, seasonal hard lines and cookware. These were substantially offset, however, by traffic dependent categories like housewares and food that have been weak all year. As we get ready for the third and fourth quarters, we are increasingly concerned about consumer trends but believe the Williams-Sonoma brand, with its seasonal relevance and gift-giving focus, will be more resilient than our other home furnishings brand. For that reason, we are guiding comparable store sales to be down only low- to mid-single-digits during this period, but well be disappointed if we dont do better than that, due to a high level of confidence in this years holiday assortment.  Our execution will be critical and we are focused on the following initiatives to capitalize on the brands authority -- expanding our gift-giving assortment to feature a broader range of options and price points, strengthening our marketing message to draw attention to new and exclusive offerings, leveraging the functionality of our new e-commerce platform, and maintaining a superior level of customer service while balancing the cost pressures of a softer top line.  We continue to believe that despite the macro environment, the Williams-Sonoma brand is the premiere retail destination for high-end cooking and entertaining essentials and with strong execution can continue to outperform the industry in the holiday season. In the Williams-Sonoma Home brand, second quarter net revenues were in line with expectation and we continued to make progress on our brand-building initiatives. From a merchandising perspective, we continue to see strong growth in home furnishings and newly introduced table tops, but this was more than offset by an ongoing softness in furniture and textiles. As we look forward to the back half of the year, we are doing so with a cautious outlook but believe, like Williams-Sonoma, that Williams-Sonoma Home will be more resilient than our other home furnishings brands due to its target demographic and relatively small store base.  As such, we will continue to focus on the following initiatives that we believe will take the brands performance to the next level -- building brand awareness by leveraging the strength of the Williams-Sonoma Kitchen brand, including cross-branding catalogs and testing a store-within-a-store in New York City; optimizing catalog circulation and e-commerce marketing; and continuing to reengineer the supply chain to ensure a premium level of quality while at the same time working with our vendor base to optimize merchandise margins and inventory turns.  All of these initiatives have been top priorities this year and we are pleased with our progress to date, particularly in the catalog circulation and returns, replacements, and damages.  In West Elm, net revenue growth in the second quarter was driven by incremental sales from new stores and increased traffic in e-commerce. This was partially offset, however, by weaker sales in existing stores, of which approximately 30% are located in the housing affected markets in Florida, Nevada, and California.  During the quarter, we opened three new stores, ending the quarter with 32 stores versus 23 last year. From a merchandising perspective, growth was driven by expanded categories within furniture, textiles, and decorative accessories. We continue to believe that our design-driven merchandise offering is resonating with the customer and is providing a significant competitive advantage in this difficult macro environment.  As we look forward to the third and fourth quarters, we again are doing so with a cautious outlook but are optimistic about our merchandise assortment and focusing on the things we can control, including expanding the reach of the brand by opening our five of 10 planned stores for the year, including our first in Canada; significantly enhancing our e-commerce functionality, including greater search capabilities and an easier checkout path; and refining our merchandise assortment to drive increased traffic and build broader brand appeal.  We are focused on reducing cost of goods sold through strategic sourcing and enhanced quality assurance program as we build towards sustainable long-term profitability.  I would now like to turn the call over to Laura to discuss the Pottery Barn brand. 
Laura J. Alber: Thank you, Dave. Good morning. First Ill start with the Pottery Barn brand. Second quarter net revenues decreased 11.5% with declining trends throughout the quarter. Of this decrease, approximately 250 basis points were driven by reductions in catalog circulation as expected, and approximately 70 basis points by a voluntary product recall. And while we are generally encouraged by the consumer response to overall newness in the brand, it was not strong enough to offset the significant deterioration in the overall macro environment.  Retail was particularly challenging, with comparable store sales decreasing 16%, and July at negative 18.6% was noticeably weaker than other months in the quarter, a trend that is continuing in August.  From a merchandising perspective, we saw year-over-year sales declines across all major categories. Interestingly enough, however, no one category was significantly better or worse than another, with the exception of furniture, which benefited from the success of new product introductions and a strong upholstery business.  On the operational side of the business, we had another great quarter, delivering better-than-expected savings from both our catalog circulation and returns, replacements, and damages initiative. We also delivered a strong inventory performance as we reduced units on hand despite a significant sales shortfall.  As we look forward to the third quarter and the balance of the year, we are assuming that the macroeconomic environment is not going to improve and as such, we are guiding high-teens negative comps and a similar trend adjusted for circulation decreases in the direct-to-customer channel.  Our focus is on execution and the things we can control, including pricing strategies, catalog circulation, and discretionary spending, all areas where we have a proven track record of success. We are also focused on reducing inventories through managed receipt flow, transfers between channels, and the utilization of our outlet stores and e-commerce website.  From a merchandising perspective, well be focusing on expanding our assortment in the areas where we are seeing consistent trends of consumer appeal, which are consistently proving to be where we have stayed true to the authentic casual style of core basis points but updated for current trends in color and functionality. Quality and value are the key. The customer is looking for great product at a great price.  We are also focusing heavily on e-commerce, a channel where we continue to see positive growth and a significant opportunity. Over the past several months we have made significant progress in the areas of site navigation and natural search, both of which we believe can be important sales drivers in the third and fourth quarters.  The successful execution of all of these initiatives is the sole priority of the entire Pottery Barn team as we strive to achieve a balanced focus between growth and profitability in these extremely difficult times. Sales at any cost is not our strategy. Our goals today are simple -- mitigate the earnings impact of macro-driven sales losses without sacrificing customer service or brand image and optimize cash flow through aggressive inventory management and lower capital spending.  Now I would like to talk about Pottery Barn Kids. Second quarter net revenues in Pottery Barn Kids decreased 8.1%. Of this decrease, approximately 150 basis points were driven by reductions in catalog circulation, as expected, and while these results were better than anticipated due to a strong performance in e-commerce, we continue to believe that the macroeconomic environment is having a significant impact on this brand, particularly in discretionary categories like textiles and decorative accessories. Categories like nursery and core furniture, which fill life stage needs, continued to deliver better results.  Retail was particularly challenging, with comparable store sales decreasing 13.5%, and like our other brands, retail performance did get worse between the beginning and the end of the quarter, but was less pronounced.  We have, however, seen further deterioration in August and therefore in the back half of the year, we are guiding the brand at negative mid-teen comps.  From an operational perspective, Pottery Barn Kids, like Pottery Barn, delivered better-than-expected savings during the quarter from both catalog circulation and returns, replacements, and damages. Inventory units on hand were also substantially reduced during the quarter, which is an initiative that we will continue to drive as we progress through the year.  Despite the macro environment, however, we believe there are opportunities that can drive sales in the back half. These include leveraging the capabilities of our new e-commerce website, including the benefits of enhanced natural search; expanding our assortment in licensed programs; and enhancing our gift assortment to include a broad range of price points.  While we believe the childrens home furnishings category will continue to be impacted by macroeconomic issues in the third and fourth quarters like Pottery Barn, we will continue to manage the aspects of the business we can control, while at the same time protecting our strong competitive presence.  I would now like to talk about Pottery Barn Teen. Net revenues in the Pottery Barn Teen brand increased 25.1% during the second quarter, delivering the best year-over-year growth in the company. All key merchandising categories saw strong growth, particularly furniture, textiles, and decorative accessories. But even PBTeen saw a deterioration in their growth rate between the beginning and the end of the quarter, as the macro environment began to soften.  Therefore, as we look forward to the third quarter and balance of the year, we are being significantly more cautious in our outlook but continuing to drive initiatives that will improve the teen customer experience and extend the reach of the brand. These initiatives include leveraging the August launch of our upgraded e-commerce website; testing PBTeen merchandise for the first time at retail in one Pottery Barn Kids store in November; and expanding our selection of holiday gifts to serve a broader range of teen interests.  We continue to be excited about the long-term growth potential of Pottery Barn Teen as it solidifies its role among the Pottery Barn portfolio of brands.  I would now like to open the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will take our first question from Matt Nemer with Thomas Weisel Partners. 
Matt Nemer - Thomas Weisel Partners: Good morning, everyone. My first question is if you could just talk to your brand positioning and merchandising if this malaise that we are in lasts for another year or two or three years, and customers are turning towards discounters and coupon usage. Does it make sense? Is there anything you can do to the marketing or merchandising to have more of a value message, or do you think that that would damage the brand longer term? And then just one quick question, follow-up question -- on SG&A, I guess it was down about 11% per square foot. Can you give us any clarity on how much of that is coming from retail, marketing, or corporate, et cetera?
Sharon L. McCollam: Im going to let Howard take your first question on how he sees the larger macro, if it was an extended period of time. So Howard, will you please take that question? And then Ill come back on the SG&A. 
W. Howard Lester: Matt, I think none of us know how long this is going to last, or the extent of it, so I would think at this point in time that we should keep doing what weve been doing here for 50 years in building these brands, and value is part of that. I mean, I think if this worsens or gets deeper, were not going to be unaware of the fact that the customer is looking for value but I wouldnt do it to the extent that it changes the premise of the brand. So I think well just kind of measure that day to day. That could have some affect on merchandising trends and how we react to those and well react to what the customer is saying to us but I dont think were thinking about a material change in the brand, if that answers your question.  And the second one, Sharon, Ill turn that back to you for that. 
Sharon L. McCollam: Yes, Matt, were you referring to the third quarter or the full year?
Matt Nemer - Thomas Weisel Partners: Sorry, I was actually looking at the second quarter. 
Sharon L. McCollam: Oh, at the second quarter -- the drivers in the second quarter were ad costs -- that was the big driver -- and then where we are seeing additional SG&A reductions are virtually in all of our headquarters and corporate departments. Those would be where they would see them. You are going to see the majority when you get segment reporting coming in the direct-to-customer channel, and then the corporate non-allocated. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Well move on to Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Good morning, everyone. Definitely a challenging environment. As you look at each of the three brands and preparing for this holiday season, I believe there had been some discussion of more in-store events, more direct contact with the customer. How do you see that playing out for each of the brands going forward? And as you plan for next year, pricing, product flows -- is there any change or difference and how does that impact the gross margin? Thank you. 
Sharon L. McCollam: Laura, will you take that for the Pottery Barn brand, Pottery Barn Kids and Pottery Barn? And then Dave, youll take that for Williams-Sonoma, please?
Laura J. Alber: Sure. Let me take the first part, Dana. You know, for the Pottery Barn brands, both right now and through the holiday season, we -- well, right now we are -- weve been running very successful decorating events in our Pottery Barn stores and we continue to invest in our sing-alongs and story time and some very special Star Wars events that are coming up that we think will literally pack the house and really delight our customers and create a great environment in the mall for our customers at our stores. And we are going to continue those through the holiday season and make that investment in our stores.  On the direct side, we are very focused and have been methodically going through our e-mail and direct marketing messaging to send highly targeted, relevant messages to our customer based on both shopping behavior and also the change that we are seeing in the environment and recognizing that people are not refurnishing entire homes to the same extent they were last year. They are though redecorating, replacing and they will celebrate the holidays this year and we are really fine-tuning our messaging to them to really show them that we understand and that we stay relevant. 
David DeMattei: As you know in Williams-Sonoma, weve really developed our technique classes in an increasing manner, and actually have merged that into our catalog marketing and our retail versioning, which has been highly successful for us. And as you know, our versioning continues to increase as a percentage of our circulation. We will continue to do that. We are increasing our demonstrations in our stores ongoing, and thats a major focus for our field organization. As you know, when we taste products or when we demonstrate products, we have great success with that, especially in making a much more interactive environment in our stores. And so we will continue to do that and that is a big focus for us.  In terms of our e-mail marketing, as Laura said, Williams-Sonoma too is doing segmentation of their e-mail files and really starting to send out much more targeted messages, and we see as the relevance, as one would expect, as relevance increases the conversion of those e-mails increases.  In terms of holiday and beyond in terms of merchandising, we are working very, very hard on our food strategies going forward, not only from a product standpoint -- from a marketing and in-store presentation standpoint. In fact, Howard and I were in Corta Madera yesterday where we had set up some new things where we are seeing great results on that, and we are working on some organizational changes to impact our tabletop areas and we feel very strong about that.  Our housewares business that Ive talked about for the past year of being down, we have a new strategy that will go into place, partially at holiday and in September to impact that, so we are feeling very confident that we are on the right track to push our business forward. 
Laura J. Alber: On the second part of your question, Dana, about next years pricing and product flow, interestingly enough some of the strongest parts of our business are not the lowest ticket. We are seeing better strength in more considered purchase across the home furnishings brands, in furniture, particularly, and our customer comes to us for great value and that is not necessarily related to lower prices. Its that the price reflects the value and the quality and the design that goes into it, so that we are offering product that you would usually find at the higher end in our stores. And our best-selling products right now reflect that, so we are not making a sea-change on the pricing strategy for next year.  As it relates to the product flow, you know, people are buying closer in on seasonal products and we are very conscious of that and giving them relevant products in all of our channels at the right time. So we are making adjustments to that effect. 
David DeMattei: And I really dont have anything to add to either what Laura said or what Howard said. We continually merchandise into trends. Thats what we do every day and as Laura said, the lowest selling price is not always the best-selling good but its great to have a broad assortment of price points and that is what we are merchandising into and we watch trends constantly and make adjustments to our assortment. 
Operator: Well take our next question from Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Thanks a lot and good morning to you. I would like to focus on inventory for a moment. You talked about taking some higher inventory reserves. Obviously the inventory came in below your plan and seemed to keep up with the sales shortfall, so how much of your reserves were anticipatory and what kind of provisions -- whats your expectation in terms of markdowns for the second half of the year, given where the environment is?
Sharon L. McCollam: Ill take that question. When you look at the components of our inventory that I gave you in our prepared remarks, we said that when you look at -- we just had a $5 million increase and $33 million of that is in new stores, new and expanded stores, and then Sonoma was only up 8, and that was versus last quarter, where they were up over 20. And that was the net of lower units but then a higher mix shift impact shifting to higher cost products and then of course cost increases in Sonoma, a lot to do with the Euro. Then in Pottery Barn, they are down $36 million and that is units and then partially offset by increased cost and a little bit of a mix shift.  So when you look at the inventory in total, we are extremely pleased with how it is coming down and how it is rationally coming down. On the inventory reserve, we are definitely in a good -- we think we are in a good place. We have our -- if you look at our policies on inventory, we have some aging issues and when they hit the aging, of course we take the reserve. That is our policy, so we dont see any big exposures there. Now, when we look at our gross margin as we go into the fourth quarter and for the year, we do expect that one of the biggest contributors, the biggest contributor is actually going to be deleverage of occupancy if we run those comps but we have taken into account, were not quantifying it per se but we have taken into account an expectation of higher markdowns in all brands. 
Operator: Well take our next question from Budd Bugatch with Raymond James.
Budd Bugatch - Raymond James : Good morning and thank you for taking my question as well. You had indicated I think, Laura, that furniture was better than -- the hard lines was better than the soft lines. Any help you can give us in quantifying that, on giving maybe color on average ticket versus traffic, particularly at retail? And the second question, maybe for Howard in the longer term, with the reduction in square footage going forward, whats the persistence of that and in which brands might that reduction most effect?
Sharon L. McCollam: Howard, would you like to take the question?
W. Howard Lester: Ill take the second part. Well, I think it would affect our Pottery Barn brands the most because we are doing the worst there, so well be more cautious there. As we have opportunities for Williams-Sonoma stores, where we are highly confident that they are going to make our pro forma and its a brand average or better, well certainly continue to do those.  West Elm, were probably a little more cautious on just because of the potential of the environment having a more adverse effect on those stores but we are continuing to open West Elm stores in those locations where we feel highly confident that they are going to work.  So thats kind of the way we are going to be thinking about that but I think the overall thing that I was trying to say is that in this kind of environment, we just -- were not too keen on opening stores. Were trying to focus on getting all of our current businesses really working and unless the real estate transaction is pretty compelling, we probably wont be doing them until we see some real change in the economic environment. 
Sharon L. McCollam: And Budd, in the actual numbers that we put out there for next year, about half of that square footage is in West Elm. 
Laura J. Alber: Budd, your first question about furniture versus the other categories, furniture is also down but it is only down single versus double-digit and in kids its stronger, even than in Pottery Barn. And weve looked at this every which way to understand what could possibly be going on and the thing that makes the most common sense to us is that the customer is more careful and they are making investments in things that will last longer. And they are not doing as much of the -- you know, if you think about all the purchases you make when you move, whether a lot of our businesses are fueled by -- you know, you buy a bigger house, you have more bedrooms, you have more bathrooms, and you redo those entire rooms and as people stay put more and redecorate, you know, they replace their family room sofa, they replace their media cabinet. They dont necessarily replace all the windows in their house every year like they used to or their bedding. You can kind of shut that door in your house and people dont go in there as much.  So furniture is down but not to the same extent and we are careful on that because its a big [inaudible] for us and its a big inventory investment but we are also very aggressive with our merchandising strategy there and looking at whats selling and building on that, and we have some great programs that are very beautiful and different in the marketplace and really true to who we are in our current assortment in our stores, and you are going to see us expand those from a simple dining room table to a coffee table, to a media cabinet. And thats what weve always done and Im really pleased that we have some new programs that we can build on like that, because that gives us some more stability into the future.  And also, you know, I think its particularly pleasing given how promotional the environment is on furniture and we havent done the sweeping promotions as other competitors have and I think we are holding up pretty well comparatively. 
Operator: Well take our next question from Alan Rifkin with Merrill Lynch.
Alan Rifkin - Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much. Howard, you mentioned that your emerging brand revenues are up 15.9%, yet it looks like square footage growth year-over-year is almost double that, north of 30. Can you maybe just -- which would imply negative double-digit comps at the emerging brands. Can you maybe just first of all verify if in fact our math is correct? And then secondly, as you look at the longer term potential for emerging brands, are you still as euphoric over the long-term opportunity for West Elm today that you were years ago?
W. Howard Lester: Let me take Home first and then well come to West Elm, the more important of the two. Home is actually having a pretty good year from a comp basis. I think -- what are we, Dave, were --
David DeMattei: We were flat. 
W. Howard Lester: Were basically flat, I think its down one, up one, so Home is actually -- weve made a great deal amount of progress and I think the reason for that is that they are up above the people who have been reacting the most negatively to this economic environment were in. Its a much more affluent customer thats probably shopping Home and of course its a smaller group of stores.  With respect to West Elm, first of all just our comps for the year are low- to mid-single-digits down. But when we look at the -- and weve got some stores in there that we did early on that we know were bad -- you know, not the best locations for us, not the best choices for us. So those are having an adverse effect -- Im getting a lot of information here -- those are having an adverse effect on us. And then of course in Florida, which is one of the places thats really been hit, particularly South Florida, where we have three now really strong stores for us that were very big volume stores for West Elm, theyve been hurt down there more than the norm and so thats had a big impact on us.  On the stores that we are watching, where we now have kind of zeroed in and learned from our real estate learnings really over the past four or five years of opening these stores, were particularly pleased with those stores. I mean, our Chelsea store in New York is phenomenal. Really, theres no other word for it and its growing every year. Well be opening a second store in Manhattan spring up on Broadway near the Time-Warner building, across the street there. And in our stores like Dallas and various locations around the country, were doing very well.  So pretty much weve been hurt there in those locations, which kind of follows Pottery Barn where the housing market has been the worst, so that would be places like Southern California, Nevada, South Florida, Georgia to some extent in Atlanta, although thats improving recently, and we had a concentration of stores in those markets so its kind of skewed those numbers that way.  But I would say overall on West Elm, were feeling pretty good and I think the brand is getting better. Our team in New York is a terrific team of product development people. I think every season the merchandise gets better, so were really quite pleased with West Elm. 
Sharon L. McCollam: And then Alan, I would only add to that that when you are taking those metrics, youve got to keep in mind the direct-to-customer businesses in both West Elm and in Home, and in Home particularly, our catalog circulation optimization strategy was put into Williams-Sonoma Home and so they made a deliberate decision to cut circ and sales, so that is another reason for that number to be lower. Thats the other side of it, so when you are looking at the whole brand and just trying to divide it by square footage when these brands are so much smaller than the other brands, that math is a little bit challenging. 
Operator: Well take our next question from Michael Lasser with Lehman Brothers.
Michael Lasser - Lehman Brothers: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. With the decision to retain the promotional and merchandising strategies, how do you think about the risk that you might be losing out on a portion of your customer base in a structural way, such that you wont benefit when the market rebounds -- folks who have been going and finding different price points at other merchants might be fearful or might be less apt to come back once conditions improve.  And then secondly, can you talk about how, with regard to the deterioration that you witnessed throughout the quarter, did that -- was that consistent with the broader trends in that some of the hard line goods held up relatively well and it was -- the deterioration was more pronounced in the traffic-driven categories? And then finally, if I really quickly could, once you get through the circulation optimization program and the benefits from reduced returns, are there other cost-saving strategies on the horizon that you can begin to talk about?
Sharon L. McCollam: Absolutely. Laura is going to start out with addressing your question regarding pricing strategy for the Pottery Barn brands, then Dave will take it for Sonoma, and then well move on to the other questions. So Laura, would you take that, please?
Laura J. Alber: I want to first clarify -- we are more promotional than last year and thats because we are very aggressive with our inventory management and sales are slower, so you have to take more markdowns.  Were taking them where we need to take them and we are not over-bought, so we dont have the sweeping markdowns that you see in other brands that I think are in much worse shape and thats hard to compete with. However, taking big sweeping markdowns in some of these lower margin goods is not really a sustainable strategy. We will take them where we have products that dont sell and we are seeing lift from that, so I dont think that it becomes a competitive disadvantage. I actually believe that its really important not to just have sales, as I said, at any cost but to have a model that is sustainable and we will continue to take the markdowns that we need to take to clear inventory seasonally and to bring in merchandise that will sell better.  You asked a second question about deterioration throughout the quarter and it really was across all categories equally. The one noticeable difference is transactions down a little bit more than AUR but it wasnt that obvious. So its really across the board and kind of leading us to the conclusion, if you look at all the brands also on a map and where the brands are down more, it seems to be a very similar trend to where we see the housing markets most difficult in the country. 
David DeMattei: And the only thing I can add to that, Michael, is that we constantly merchandise into our trends and we are very confident in our merchandising strategies. We take appropriate price action where we need to. We manage our inventories, manage our receipt flow and merchandise the store so we are constantly looking at that and making adjustments and refinements to our merchandise to merchandise into trends. 
Sharon L. McCollam: And then, Michael, Pat Connolly is going to talk about additional opportunities in direct-to-customer advertising costs. 
Patrick J. Connolly: Michael, we have a couple of things that we are really focusing on, particularly in electronic direct marketing. We are really focusing on both our search engine marketing in terms of both SEM and paid search and in natural search. Our SEM revenue is up significantly this year. We have implemented a new e-mail delivery platform that Howard and Laura and Dave have talked about, in terms of more personalized messaging, and we are really seeing double-digit increases in the returns there and we are really just getting started.  And lastly, we are beginning to work more in affiliate marketing and we are very selective about the affiliates we work with but we have not participated in that to any great degree and in many companies, its 8% of their e-commerce revenue, so that represents an opportunity for us there as well. And all of those have ad costs associated with them that are significantly lower than catalog advertising costs. 
Sharon L. McCollam: And then the final question was, and then are there other opportunities that we have from an operating margin expansion point of view, and the answer to that is yes. In our returns, replacements, damages and sourcing area, we have made some substantial investments, also in transportation. The 40 basis points that we saw in replacements and damages we see continuing to expand that number. This 100 basis points in returns, we are not satisfied with 100 basis points and we are going to continue to push that number and have plans in place and can already see it happening, so those are two areas that on the transportation side, we are doing additional in-store things out of our furniture hubs, which is allowing us to be able to reduce our transportation cost and at the same time reduce the damages that are occurring.  And lastly, we, with our focus on inventory turns as we go into 2009, we have already this year gotten out of one of our distribution centers, the east coast distribution center, which was an off-site facility and as we continue to do that, that will allow us to better leverage our occupancy costs.  So as I said in my prepared remarks, there are no stones being unturned and we already have traction on all of these initiatives. 
Operator: Well take our next question from Chris Horvers with J.P. Morgan.
Chris Horvers - J.P. Morgan: Thanks and good morning. First a follow-up question on the SG&A side -- how much -- presumably some of your stores hit minimum staffing levels on the Pottery Barn side during the tough months. How much do you need to flex up payroll into the seasonality in the back half? Is it different from trend, presumably? And then, as a follow-up, it sounds like the markdowns were more sever on the Pottery Barn side of the equation. How much do you think that could be representative of this competitive encroachment youve been -- you know, the design and the fashion has been mimicked for years and youve sped it up to try to stay ahead of it. Is there anything to think about there?
Sharon L. McCollam: Okay. Laura, would you speak to Pottery Barn payroll, and Dave, you can speak to it in your brands, and then Laura, you can take the markdowns for Pottery Barn, so Laura, why dont you take that?
Laura J. Alber: On the payroll side, we run payroll as a percent of sales so we predict our sales trends by store, by week, and almost by day, and then we adjust up and down based on trend. So as you go into Christmas, its a matter of putting in the right numbers for your volumes and then working on what that looks like from a staffing perspective. And we are only at minimums in a couple of Pottery Barn stores, more in Kids, and we are very careful not to cut our service, so we are balancing that but making sure that we have our best teams on the floor during peak hours and that we are really using that payroll efficiently and also cutting back on the workload thats non-selling for our stores to manage it so that we can focus on our customer, because we really know and we believe strongly that service is one of our key competitive advantages in this time, where many retailers are cutting back so severely on their payroll that the service in the malls is really deteriorating. This is a great advantage for us. 
David DeMattei: The only thing I have to add, I mean, payroll management is something that our field organization does every day and we have a great field organization in all of our brands, and we basically in Sonoma, seasonal is a major component of our business and we will gear up to that accordingly and as Laura said, we look at our sales trends, our management, and we hire accordingly.  The great thing about Sonoma is it has a very loyal customer base and a very loyal employee base. We have a lot of part-timers who come back to us and were very flexible at the holiday season, so that is something weve done for years and we will continue to manage.  Howard, do you have something to add to that?
W. Howard Lester: I was just going to add that you have to remember here, our store volumes are significant enough that on a per-store basis that we dont run into the minimum question as much as others who would have a much lower average sales per store. You know, we may have, as Laura said, just a handful of those where we are challenged, particularly in kids, but other than that, we dont run into that. Its -- you know, sometimes we have to do a little surgical work with the management group in the store when we have run negative comps for a while but its not a huge challenge for us. 
Laura J. Alber: On your second question, Chris, our sales are not what we forecast so we have more markdowns to reflect the sales not selling at regular price. On the more strategic question about the product aesthetic and the knock-offs in the market, its clear that there has been a lot more Pottery Barn knock-offs in the market and we have clearly identified our need to differentiate ourselves and weve introduced new products, new marketing, and a new floor set strategy. And we know that theres probably some fine-tuning to make to the adjustments that weve made in this fall season but we are sticking with our longer vision to own the American home furnishings market in America by offering relevant, well-made casual home furnishings through our three channel strategy and thats what we are doing. Were really focused on it, steady as she goes, and every month we are evaluating whats selling and how we adjust our product lines to better take advantage of that and where we miss, we take markdowns. 
Sharon L. McCollam: And then the question, Chris, that you didnt ask and I think its something that we are particularly proud of is that we also have another very large payroll base which is in our distribution centers and our call centers, and they too have very sophisticated labor scheduling and a tremendous amount of flexibility built into their model, so as a result of that, each quarter so far this year where the sales have been obviously below our expectations, they have been able to come in and improve productivity in the distribution side or in the call centers able to adjust that payroll. So that is -- those two payrolls are a significant piece of our payroll as well. 
Operator: And that does conclude todays question-and-answer session. Ill turn the call back over to Mr. Lester for closing remarks. 
W. Howard Lester: Well, I just want to thank all of you for joining us this morning for the second quarter earnings conference call and we appreciate your time and support and patience, particularly as we work through this difficult period and well talk to you again next quarter. Have a great day.
Operator: And that does conclude todays conference. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-06-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen C. Nelson - Director, Investor Relations W. Howard Lester - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Sharon L. McCollam - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President David DeMattei - Group President - Williams-Sonoma, Williams-Sonoma Home, West Elm Laura J. Alber - President Patrick J. Connolly - Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer, Director
Analysts: Colin McGranahan - Sanford Bernstein Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group Matt Nemer - Thomas Weisel Partners Budd Bugatch - Raymond James  Analyst for David Magee - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey Jack Murphy - William Blair David Strasser - Banc of America Securities  Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Chris Horvers - J.P. Morgan Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research Laura Champine - Morgan Keegan & Company
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma Incorporated first quarter 2008 earnings call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Stephen Nelson, Director of Investor Relations at Williams-Sonoma Incorporated, to discuss non-GAAP measures and forward-looking statements. 
Stephen C. Nelson: -- earlier today. I would first like to discuss the non-GAAP financial measures that are contained in this mornings earnings press release and conference call, which exclude the impact of unusual business events.  For the remainder of todays call, we will be discussing our first quarter results and our 2008 quarterly and fiscal year guidance, excluding the impacts of these items and will refer to these results as non-GAAP.  These non-GAAP financial measures are provided to facilitate meaningful year-over-year comparisons. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and an explanation of how these non-GAAP financial measures are used by management are in Exhibit 1 of the press release.  I would now like to discuss our forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included in this mornings call constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, guidance, and prospects of the company in 2008 and beyond, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements.  Please refer to the companys current press release and SEC filings, including reports on Forms 10-K and 8-K for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call.  I will now turn the conference call over to Howard Lester, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 
W. Howard Lester: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. With me today is Laura Alber, our President; Pat Connolly, our Chief Marketing Officer; Sharon McCollam, our Chief Operating and Chief Financial Officer; Dave DeMattei, our Group Vice President for the Williams-Sonoma, Williams-Sonoma Home, and West Elm brands. I am going to begin today with an overview of our first quarter 2008 business results and a high level outlook for the balance of the year. Then I will turn the call over to Sharon, Dave, and Laura for further details.  In the first quarter net revenues, as expected, decreased 4.2%. The home furnishings environment, however, continued to be very challenging and industry growth rates continued to decline. But despite these pressures, we delivered diluted earnings per share of $0.10, including a $0.05 per share net benefit related to an incentive payment from a landlord for an early lease termination. Excluding this $0.05 benefit, non-GAAP diluted earnings per share were a better-than-expected $0.05 per share. It was driven by the strong performance of our emerging brands, aggressive management of our variable cost, and the successful rollout of our direct marketing and supply chain cost reduction initiatives.  In our core brands, net revenues decreased 7%. This decline was driven by a 7.9% decrease in the Pottery Barn brand, an 11.1% decrease in Pottery Barn Kids, and a 1.7% decrease in the Williams-Sonoma brand.  In our emerging brands, which include West Elm, Williams-Sonoma Home, and PBteen, net revenues increased a better-than-expected 16.3% despite the overall softness in the home centered retail environment.  In direct marketing, we continue to move forward with our catalog circulation optimization strategy with favorable results. These results are a direct benefit of the proprietary direct marketing systems that weve implemented over the past two years and we are optimistic that we will be able to successfully expand this strategy over the next several quarters.  In supply chain, we continue to roll out the next phase of our returns, replacements, and damages reduction initiatives. This has been a key area of focus and investment for us and we are beginning to see meaningful results. We are driving accountability back to our agents and vendors and expect to make substantial progress in this area during 2008.  As we look forward to the second quarter and balance of the year, we are increasingly concerned by the downward trends in consumer confidence and home furnishings category growth. In light of these trends, well be operating more cautiously. While we are committed to driving future growth across all channels, we are equally committed to optimizing asset efficiency, including inventory turns, and aggressively reducing costs to the extent that these actions do not affect service levels to our customers.  As I said in March, our approach to this environment will not be business as usual. To support future growth and expand the reach of our brands in 2008, we expect to open 27 net new retail stores, including [Kid] and West Elm, and expand or remodel an additional 22 stores. We also expect to intensify the marketing behind our fastest growing channel, e-commerce, in addition to upgrading our websites in the Pottery Barn, Pottery Barn Kids, PBteen, and Williams-Sonoma Home brand. We will also continue to roll out the next phase of our Pottery Barn revitalization initiatives, which Laura will discuss later in this mornings call.  In our efforts to improve asset efficiency, we are continuing to aggressively manage inventory levels across all brands and channels. In addition in early May, we took advantage of a robust corporate aircraft market and replaced an owned aircraft with a leased aircraft. This sale resulted in a financial gain of $0.09 per diluted share and approximately $29 million in net after-tax cash flow in the second quarter.  From a cost perspective, we are leaving no stone unturned as we execute against the following initiatives: one, optimizing catalog circulation, catalog versioning and paid search to improve the overall productivity of our advertising cost; reducing returns, replacements, and damages by implementing effective vendor management quality control and logistic initiatives; and reducing corporate overhead costs.  While we continue to be confident in our ability to execute against all these initiatives, we believe the overall macroeconomic environment has become increasingly difficult and there is a greater top line risk than we anticipated at the beginning of the year.  Therefore, to reflect this risk we are reducing our 2008 revenue guidance by approximately $55 million to $73 million and our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share guidance by approximately $0.06 to $0.07.  We are also modifying our inventory receipt plans accordingly. These reductions are principally driven by lower expectations in the Pottery Barn brand.  I will now turn the conference call over to Sharon to discuss the details of our first quarter 2008 results and the changes to our 2008 guidance. Sharon. 
Sharon L. McCollam: Thank you, Howard. Good morning. In the first quarter of 2008, GAAP diluted earnings per share decreased $0.06 to $0.10 per diluted share versus $0.16 in the first quarter of 2007. Excluding a $0.05 net benefit associated with an incentive payment for early lease termination, non-GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.05. Throughout the quarter, an intense focus on operational execution and cost containment allowed us to deliver non-GAAP operating results that were $0.02 above the high-end of our guidance and $0.04 above the First Call consensus estimate.  Net revenues in the first quarter decreased 4.2% to approximately $782 million. Comparable store sales decreased 9%.  Retail lease square footage increased 6.9% while catalog circulation decreased 16.3%. Page circulation decreased 25.2%. This compares to a catalog circulation decrease of 3% and a page circulation increase of 5.7% in the first quarter of 2007.  Gross margin, expressed as a percentage of net revenue, was 35.3% versus 37% in the first quarter of 2007. Excluding the impact of accelerated depreciation associated with the early lease termination, non-GAAP gross margin was 35.5%. This 150 basis point year-over-year decrease was primarily driven by the deleverage of fixed occupancy expenses due to declining sales and an increase in cost of merchandise sold, partially offset by reductions in replacements and damages.  SG&A as a percentage of net revenues was 33.2% versus 33.5% in the first quarter of 2007. Excluding the benefit associated with the early lease termination, non-GAAP SG&A was 34.4%. This 90-basis point year-over-year increase was primarily driven by the deleverage of employment and advertising costs due to declining sales.  The effective income tax rate was 38.8% versus 40.3% in the first quarter of 2007. This decrease was driven by certain favorable income tax resolutions in the first quarter of 2008.  I would now like to discuss significant working capital balance sheet variances at the end of the first quarter of 2008 versus the end of the first quarter of 2007. Cash and cash equivalents decreased $91 million to $27 million after returning over $230 million to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividends over the past 12 months, and advancing $61 million on our revolving line of credit.  Accounts receivable increased $17 million to $60 million. This increase was driven by the timing of landlord receivables related to the construction of our stores.  Merchandise inventories increased $74 million, or 11.6% to $714 million, in line with our expectations. Of this $74 million increase, approximately $30 million represents the year-over-year increase in fixed investment for new and remodeled stores, approximately $21 million represents increased units in the new and emerging brands, and approximately $23 million represents cost and mix shift increases in the Williams-Sonoma brand. Pottery Barn and Pottery Barn Kids inventory, excluding new and remodeled stores, were virtually flat year over year.  Accounts payable increased $21 million or 13.6% to $177 million. This increase was primarily driven by the timing of payments in merchandise payables at the end of the quarter.  I would now like to briefly discuss our fiscal year 2008 guidance. As a reminder, fiscal year 2008 is a 52-week year versus fiscal year 2007, which was a 53-week year. The 53rd week in fiscal 2007 added approximately $70 million in revenue and $0.05 in diluted earnings per share to fiscal 2007 results.  As we look forward to the balance of the year, we are increasingly concerned about the softness we are seeing in the home furnishing sector and the economy overall. While we are aggressively driving revenue enhancements, asset efficiency, and cost reduction initiatives to mitigate the earnings and cash flow impact of a softer top line, we believe that the retail environment is going to continue to get more difficult and we are reducing our revenue and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share guidance accordingly.  Specifically, our fiscal year 2008 revenue guidance has been reduced by approximately 1.5% to $3.74 billion to $3.8 billion, and our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share guidance has been reduced by $0.06 to $0.07, to $1.31 to $1.44.  When reconciling our current non-GAAP diluted earnings per share guidance to our previous guidance, its important to note that the early lease termination benefit of $0.05 in the first quarter was included in previous guidance but not until the second quarter. Therefore the timing of this benefit only affects first and second quarter guidance, not the full year.  On a GAAP basis, however, we are actually increasing our diluted earnings per share guidance by $0.02 to $0.03, to $1.45 to $1.58, due to the $0.09 gain from the sale of our corporate aircraft, partially offset by lower revenues and softer margins.  I will now turn the call over to Dave DeMattei to discuss the Williams-Sonoma, Williams-Sonoma Home, and West Elm brands. 
David DeMattei: Thank you, Sharon. Good morning. I would like to begin this morning by discussing the performance of the Williams-Sonoma brand. As expected, first quarter net revenues decreased 1.7% versus last year due to ongoing softness in retail traffic. Comparable store sales decreased 4.8%, partially offset by incremental revenues from new and expanded stores and positive e-commerce growth.  From a merchandising perspective, our premium assortment, including electrics, cookware, and cutlery, drove positive growth during the quarter. This growth was more than offset, however, by ongoing softness in our traffic driven categories like food, housewares, and cooks tools.  As we look forward to the second quarter and the balance of the year, we are cautious in our economic outlook but believe the Williams-Sonoma brand will be more resilient than our other home furnishings brands. Execution, however, is critical and we are continuing to focus on the initiatives that will allow us to capitalize on the brands authority. These initiatives include leveraging the functionality of our new e-commerce platform that was launched in January, strengthening our marketing message on the exclusivity of our product offering, and maintaining a superior level of customer service in both channels while balancing the cost pressures of a softer top line.  We believe the Williams-Sonoma brand is and will remain the premier destination for high quality cooking accessories, gift-giving ideas, and home entertaining essentials despite these difficult economic times.  In the Williams-Sonoma Home brand, first quarter results on both the top and bottom line were ahead of expectations as we continued to make significant progress on the brand-building initiatives we set for ourselves at the beginning of the year. From a merchandising perspective, home furnishings and decorative accessories, a strategic area of focus for the brand, were the primary drivers of growth during the quarter. As we look forward to the second quarter and the balance of the year, we will continue to capitalize on the economic resilience we have seen in this customer segment and execute against the initiatives that we believe will take the brands performance to the next level, including building brand awareness by leveraging the strength of the Williams-Sonoma kitchen brand, optimizing catalog circulation and e-commerce marketing, and reengineering the supply chain to deliver superior quality to our customers at a great value.  As it relates to new store openings, our new store in Scottsdale, Arizona that was expected to open in 2008 is being moved to 2009 due to landlord construction delays.  In West Elm, despite the negative pressures of the macroeconomic environment, we are pleased with our first quarter results. Positive net revenue growth was primarily driven by incremental sales from new stores and strength in e-commerce. We opened two new stores during the first quarter -- Puerto Rico, which is off to a great start, and Ohio, and ended the quarter with 29 stores versus 22 last year.  From a merchandising perspective, we saw ongoing momentum in our furniture and textile categories. Our design driven merchandise offering is resonating with the customer and providing a significant competitive advantage.  As we look forward to the second quarter and the balance of the year, we continue to focus on the following brand-building initiatives -- expanding our fiscal year retail store base by 10 new stores, increasing e-commerce marketing, testing alternate shipping rate strategies to optimize merchandise revenue while maintaining brand profitability, and refining our merchandise assortment to drive increased traffic and a broader brand appeal. As it relates to new West Elm store openings, our previous guidance for 2008 was 12 stores. However, we now expect to open 10 stores within the year due to our Arizona and New York stores being moved into 2009 as a result of landlord related delays. We will also be focusing on expanding our gross margins through strategic sourcing and aggressive quality assurance programs. We continue to be very excited about the long-term growth potential in the West Elm brand.  I will now turn the call over to Laura to discuss the Pottery Barn brand. 
Laura J. Alber: Thank you, Dave. Good morning. First I will start with the Pottery Barn brand. First quarter net revenues decreased 7.9% versus last year, as the benefits of our revitalization strategy were more than offset by continued weakness in the macroeconomic environment. Retail was particularly challenging with comparable store sales decreasing 10.5%.  From a merchandising perspective, we saw year-over-year sales declines across all major categories. Despite these declines, however, we did see new product introductions outperform all other categories, but their strength was more than offset by the impact of external factors on the core assortment.  From an operational perspective, we saw better-than-expected results from our returns, replacements, and damages and catalog circulation optimization initiatives. We believe both of these initiatives are going to drive progressive improvements in profitability over the next several quarters.  As we look forward to the second quarter and the balance of the year, we are prepared to face one of the most difficult retail environments weve seen in the history of the brand, and as such we are continuing to focus on the merchandising, marketing, and supply chain initiatives that are in our control and can make the biggest difference in our performance.  These initiatives include introducing a greater level of newness through innovative product development and enhanced visual merchandising; providing our customer with impactful change at a great price; continuing to roll out the catalog circulation optimization strategy; and finally redefining and upgrading our store standards to enhance the customer experience and optimize four-wall profitability.  We will also capitalize on the May 2008 upgrade of our e-commerce website, which is delivering positive post-launch performance metrics.  While we have great confidence in our ability to execute against all of these initiatives, we believe the macro issues that are affecting us today are going to persist for the foreseeable future. Therefore, we will continue to optimize profitability to the extent possible by strategically leveraging the opportunities we see in e-commerce, inventory management, and our variable cost structure to the extent we do not negatively impact customer service.  In the Pottery Barn Kids brand, net revenue in the first quarter decreased by 11.1% versus the prior year, including a comparable store sales decrease of 10.9%. While these results were in line with our expectations, we continue to believe that Pottery Barn Kids has been more impacted by the macro environment than any of our other brands, due to its significant dependence on discretionary categories like textiles and decorative accessories. Categories like nursery and core furniture that fill needs for life stage events delivered substantially better results.  Despite the macro environment though, we believe that there are strategic opportunities we can pursue to mitigate the impact on both the top and bottom line and strengthen our position as the leader in the kids home furnishings market. These include launching an upgrade e-commerce website in the third quarter; capitalizing on the strength of our bedroom offering by introducing increased newness and filling in merchandising gaps across categories; strengthening our vendor base in the nursery category to provide superior design, quality, and service; and finally, like Pottery Barn, optimizing the effectiveness of our advertising dollars by implementing strategic changes in catalog circulation and paid search.  Although we do not believe the home furnishings category growth is going to rebound in the next several quarters, we remain committed to aggressively managing the aspects of the business that we can control, while at the same time protecting our brand image in the eyes of our customers. By doing both, we believe that the Pottery Barn Kids brand will emerge from these challenging times with even stronger competitive presence.  I would now like to talk about Pottery Barn Teen. Net revenues in the PBteen brand continued to exceed expectations, with net revenues in the first quarter increasing by 29.4% versus last year. All key merchandising categories saw better than expected growth during the quarter, including furniture, textile, and decorative accessories. Highly targeted marketing, new innovative products, and a stronger in-stock position contributed to these results.  As we look forward to the second quarter and the balance of the year, we are continuing to drive initiatives that will improve the teen customer experience and extend the reach of the brand, including the launch of our upgraded e-commerce website in the third quarter. We continue to believe that PBteen has significant growth potential as it solidifies its role in life stage marketing among the Pottery Barn portfolio of brands.  I would now like to open the call for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will go first to Colin McGranahan with Bernstein.
Colin McGranahan - Sanford Bernstein: Good morning. I was hoping you could talk a little bit more specifically about some of the cost reduction and expense management initiatives -- you know, what drove the little better results than you would have thought in 1Q and what are some of the opportunities in your focus through the year? And then as just a quick follow-up, if you could talk about any impact you are seeing at all from the rebate checks that started arriving in the last several weeks. 
W. Howard Lester: Well, with respect to the cost reduction programs, as weve talked last quarter and previously, we have virtually leaving no stone unturned. I mean, weve gone through and continue to all the essential activities in the company and weve looked at can we do those better. In some cases, weve had some reorganization; in some cases, we set more stringent goals for ourselves and weve had some favorable results in achieving those, like returns and replacements, as part of our whole supply chain initiatives. Weve got a lot of those underway. Weve made great progress throughout our domestic delivery to our customers. The final mile and in-sourcing are up, all the things weve talked about.  I think in our corporate cost centers, the same thing has been true. Weve done some reorganization. Weve been very thoughtful about new hires, although we are continuing to run our business in the most effective way that we can. We did this year froze our merit increases for the year for our associates, while at the same time we reviewed every associates compensation with the market and if they were not in line with the market, then we did correct that.  We have made improvement, as weve talked about, on our advertising expense where we had done other things with paid search and other activities there, led by Pat Connelly and all the teams in the brands. Weve made real progress there. You saw some of that in the first quarter and you will continue to do it.  As Dave mentioned, our emerging brands, the profitability is up, so weve improved that over last -- over a year ago considerably. So across the board, I mean, weve got a lot of things. I could go on for a long time here about everything from how we are photographing our catalogs to how we are buying paper to how we are doing -- virtually everything that we do in the company, we are looking at everything methodically and we are not through. We have more things that well be doing in the future.  You know, as I said last quarter, when you are going through difficult times, its really a great opportunity in running a business to be more incented to look at things that will make your company much stronger as you come out of this environment, and I think we are enthusiastic about taking advantage of that. Our entire team has done a great job and we are making real progress.  You asked me about the rebate checks -- I dont think that weve seen any impact from that. I doubt that a lot of our customers were affected, or to the extent that it drove them to buy home furnishings, but -- next question. 
Operator: Well now go to Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Good morning, everyone. I wanted to follow-up a little bit on the inventory levels. Sharon, as you think about the inventory levels, how do you see the inventory progression continuing, which brands? And then Laura, as you think about Pottery Barn, how are you doing on opening price points and what are you seeing in terms of the new product offering and how you position it? Thank you. 
Sharon L. McCollam: Dana, as it relates to inventory, we were pleased during the first quarter to see the Pottery Barn and Pottery Barn Kids inventory virtually flat year over year. There is aggressive action happening in Pottery Barn which I will let Laura speak to, but we are looking at tightening our inventories in every brand and improving our turn to the extent that it does not negatively impact customer service. Dave has substantial initiatives in all three of his brands, as does Laura, to improve turns and to improve asset efficiency, as we discussed and Howard mentioned. So we feel very good. By the end of the year, our guidance currently says that we could actually have inventories going down slightly, low single digits, and on the high-end of our guidance, we would be up in the mid-single-digit positive range, but we are really targeting the low-end of that range at this time, in light of the macro.  And Laura, would you speak to Pottery Barn inventory specifically?
Laura J. Alber: Sure, I would love to. We have been aggressive as we see top line decline in cutting back our slow-turning core receipts and we are really starting to see the results of that, which should not impact or will not impact our newness and our ability to execute against our service metrics. And in fact, our service metrics are up versus last year so we are mindful of that but we do have a substantial opportunity to continue to reduce receipts through the balance of the year.  Ill point out we were actually able in Q1 to get out of an off-site storage location in Memphis this quarter, which was a big achievement and we continue to push to have those kinds of operational efficiencies through the back half of the year. So you are going to see inventory decline versus last year progressively through the balance of this year.  As it relates to opening price points, weve been really focused on areas in our business where the customer can easily update their home, those being decorative accessories, pillows, linens, and lighting, and those happen to be our strongest categories and weve been strategically marketing them and buying into a broader and better designed line there. And those are the highlights of our business, those easy updates.  You know, in terms of specifically opening price points on other products, we see success when we have a great combination of design quality and price, and in some cases, some of our best new furniture collections have been mid-priced, not at the lower level but clearly the value is better than what you can buy elsewhere. 
Operator: Well now hear from Matt Nemer with Thomas Weisel Partners.
Matt Nemer - Thomas Weisel Partners: Good morning. Ive got two questions. The first is, can you talk to us about the cost differential between sending a catalog and the cost per click? Just some rough numbers so that we can frame the opportunity on marketing optimization? And then the second question is in looking at the second half assumptions, can you walk us through how you get to the sequential improvement in year-over-year earnings and are you willing to protect these numbers with additional reduced circulation if you need to? Thank you. 
David DeMattei: Ill try and answer your first question. What we are always doing is looking at the productivity of the last catalog mailed versus the next dollar that we can spend on paid search, and over the past couple of years, weve been able to intensify the efforts in search and reduce some of the marginal catalog mailings, and thats really the best way to answer that. 
Sharon L. McCollam: And Matt, to your question about additional circulation adjustments, I would call them, we will continue to evaluate that and I believe that across all brands, to the extent that we see increased changes in the macro environment or opportunities as we continue with our versioning, we will be prepared to capitalize on those opportunities in the back half. 
Operator: Moving on, Budd Bugatch with Raymond James.
Budd Bugatch - Raymond James: Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. Two quick ones -- one, talk a little bit about what you see in the progression of comps. If I look at at least the low end of your retail comps, it says that theres not much improvement, maybe 100 or 200 basis points by the end of the fourth quarter. And the second question relates to income tax rate for the second quarter of 31% to 32%. Is that affected significantly by the aircraft sale or is there other issues that are affecting that? And is that the number that we should use to tax effect the aircraft sale?
Sharon L. McCollam: No, Budd. Let me just take the income tax question first. We are aggressively looking at several unresolved tax situations that we have and we believe we are going to see, like we did in Q1, certain favorable income tax resolutions that will occur in the second quarter. The aircraft has no impact on the tax rate. It has an impact on cash flow but not on the tax rate.  As far as the comps go, basically what we are looking at for the year when you look at the comp guidance for the year is that you are going to see the Pottery Barn brands, Pottery Barn in the high-single-digit negative comp, kids will be low doubles is what we are assuming, the Williams-Sonoma brand will be negative in the low-singles. Thats how we are looking at it and that is really no different than what we are seeing today, and we expect that if things improve, well come back to you with some updates to that but at this point, when you look at the full year guidance, the big negatives are in the Pottery Barn, Pottery Barn kids brand. Sonoma is in adding negative comp for the year and well see how it plays out. 
W. Howard Lester: Sharon, if I could add to that, on the comps, you know, we believe that we are making substantial progress in both -- for instance, in Pottery Barn in our merchandise quality and in our service levels at the store. However, we havent changed the comp rate for the year so it doesnt reflect -- it either doesnt reflect that or it reflects a more negative attitude about the economy. But we are cautious, as weve said, because the election is going to be distractful. Weve got a lot of home inventories to work our way through in the country and theres just a lot of things going on that are keeping the customer from redecorating their home or updating their home furnishings. But it doesnt mean that we are not making improvement in our execution because we are very confident that we are. 
Operator: Moving on, well hear from David Magee with Suntrust Robinson Humphrey.
Analyst for David Magee - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Hello, this is Kris [Rapplejay] on the call for David. I had a question about sourcing costs and specifically, assuming that the costs from -- higher costs from China are here to stay, are there any structural changes that you are contemplating for dealing with that going forward? Thank you. 
Sharon L. McCollam: Laura, would you like to speak to the sourcing costs for Pottery Barn? And then Dave, you can speak to them for your brands. 
Laura J. Alber: We are definitely seeing the pressure of raw materials costs and increased labor in the overseas market, as well as the declining dollar. So those are our hurdles. What we are doing to combat it is to really continue to leverage the improvements that we are making as a result of quality initiatives, so that we do not have to increase in Pottery Barn our price to our customer. So by getting less returns, for example, our profit, even if the initial cost is higher, we can maintain because we are not having to damage out as much or spend the extra shipping costs to return as much as we had previously.  So that, we continue to be focused on driving those operational initiatives, both through our domestic and international supply chain and we still believe there is sizable opportunity there that will help us combat the rising costs. In some areas, you know, we have taken price increases where we have enough elasticity to do so. 
David DeMattei: And in West Elm, its very similar to what Laura said. You know, were looking at having strategic vendor partners. With our growth of stores and our growth in volumes, were able to offset some of those cost pressures with our increased of quantities, which will help out in negotiations with the vendors. Where we cant, we pass on strategically, if we think we can absorb it as a brand and also, we didnt really talk about Williams-Sonoma also with the Euro pressures. On there, we are passing some of those costs on to our customers and as you saw how it affects our inventory. 
Sharon L. McCollam: I will say in our guidance, however, its just important to note that in the guidance that we provided today on the gross margin for the year, our big negative within that guidance is the deleverage of occupancy, but we do have an assumption of negative cost of goods related to higher costs, but in the guidance, as Laura mentioned, it is offset, substantially offset by the improvements in the supply chain, including returns and the replacements and damages. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Jack Murphy with William Blair.
Jack Murphy - William Blair: Good morning. I wonder if you could just talk a little bit about the e-commerce business versus the retail business. Im just trying to get some insights as to what youve kind of actively done in terms of putting dollars behind e-commerce versus what you think macro factors like the price of gas, et cetera, are affecting retail. So are you sort of seeing a shift from your stores to the e-commerce for macro reasons? And then finally, does the trend that you are seeing in stronger e-commerce sales impact your long-term thinking on capital allocation at all, in terms of what channels you are going to end up the most in?
Sharon L. McCollam: Pat, would you like to discuss e-commerce, please?
Patrick J. Connolly: Yeah, let me start with that one, Jack. Our e-commerce revenues were up 8.7% in the first quarter and thats very encouraging for us. Some of that is occurring because customers are choosing to place their orders on the web as opposed to calling our care centers. But also part of it is the natural growth of e-commerce and our ability to drive more business to that channel through improved natural and paid search and through the upgrading of our sites and the implementation of new e-mail programs that allow us to target our customers more efficiently.  We have about $18 million customers who have given us their e-mail address and opted in on a positive basis to receive regular e-mails from us and thats very helpful as well, and we are continuing to make investments. Both Laura and Dave referred to the launch of our new e-commerce platform and that will be continued through all of our brands, except West Elm, this year. 
W. Howard Lester: Let me take the second part of the question about does this affect whatevers going on here affect our future capital expenditures for our retail stores, and the answer is we are always looking at it and we are continuing to monitor through all the data that we have here very closely what happens with our customers that migrate, you know, that come to us from the web and migrate some of their sales to retail, from our retail customers and what kind of transfer we are getting to the web and because of gas or because of convenience or because they are getting more accustomed to it, for a variety of reasons. And we have seen really very little shift to the extent that it would affect our ability to open -- continue to open retail stores pretty much on the same basis that we have, which is a demographic and [encycleographic] model that we look for a certain minimum standard to meet before we open a retail store for each of our brands. And well continue to modify that model as we watch these various migrations of customers across our channels.  But at this time, I dont see any material change in our long-term strategy. 
Operator: Well move on to David Strasser with Banc of America Securities. 
David Strasser - Banc of America Securities : As you look at getting better with SG&A, how much of it is direct customer-facing stuff, i.e. cutting hours in the store? Because I thought you had talked about that a little bit last quarter, that some of that was going on. And as youve done that, have you seen any impact to service?
W. Howard Lester: Let me be very clear on this for you and everyone -- our edict here when we began this whole journey through this bad period is that we are -- theres two things we are not going to do. We are not going to lower our service to our customers in any way, so that means that we are going to be in stock with our goods, we are going to have payroll levels in our stores at the place where we are offering as good or better service than we did before, et cetera. We are not going to cut back in anything that provides a less-than-superior experience for our customers.  And the same thing is true for our brands. You know, weve said the same thing there and we didnt today be as emphatic probably as we should have been. You know, we are going to continue to remodel our stores in a timely way when they require it, like we have historically. We are going to continue to do those things that require any of the elements of our brand to be the best they can be, because our whole strategy during this period is to earn as much as we can, treat our shareholders as good as we can, but to come out of this stronger as a company and with more market share, as those that are weaker than us fall by the wayside.  So while if weve cut back payroll in our stores, its because we thought we could do the same job better by just reallocating the way those hours were being utilized. But we are not achieving SG&A expense reduction by sending a message out, lets cut payrolls. In my 30 years here, weve never sent that message to the stores and we are not going to start now. 
Operator: Well now hear from Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs. 
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs:   Thanks a lot and good morning to you. My question relates to margins, and youve dealt with a lot of the substance to this, but in the first quarter, even though the comp was worse than what you had initially guided to and occupancy deleverage seems to have been a big issue, you beat your gross margin guidance. And as I look out to the second quarter, you are guiding to a bigger gross margin decline than you saw in Q1 with comps essentially in the range of what you saw in Q1. So can you talk about what was better than what you expected in Q1 from a margin perspective? And secondly, just give us a little color on whether theres something other than occupancy deleverage that would contribute to a bigger year to year gross margin decline in Q2. 
Sharon L. McCollam: Absolutely. In the first quarter versus our guidance, the reason that we were better on our gross margins is that we did not have to get as deeply promotional as we anticipated to keep the goods moving through the network. The second place was in the replacements and damages. We are doing -- the progress we have made there is substantial. Howard in his prepared remarks said meaningful improvements and we mean meaningful.  As we look forward to the future quarters, we are cautious in that guidance. This is a one -- this is the first quarter weve seen this level of meaningful results. We want to make sure that its sustainable and so we guide what we know, not what we wish and hope, as you guys know. So we feel that weve given you some cautious guidance. We are also prepared, as Laura and Dave have both said they are going to ensure that we improve our turns and what we need to do in order to make that happen will happen, so weve put some cushions in there to cover some potential markdowns associated with that, and that would be the differences that you see.  You are also seeing a slightly greater deleverage in occupancy in second quarter and well see how that plays out when we get to the end of the quarter, so those are the real drivers between Q1 and then going into Q2 in the back half. 
Operator: Chris Horvers with J.P. Morgan, please go ahead. 
Chris Horvers - J.P. Morgan: Thanks and good morning. A couple of follow-up questions; can you potentially quantify how much sourcing costs and currency pressures are impacting the two big brands, from a dollar cost percentage increase or a dollar amount year over year? And then secondly, on the SG&A, are we still thinking advertising could be down $50 million to $60 million this year, or are you finding more efficiencies there?
Sharon L. McCollam: Well, our estimates on advertising have consistently been in the range of $35 million to $40 million and our guidance is still predicated in that same range, so we have not changed that at this point, although well continue to look for opportunities in that area.  As it relates to cost increases and the percentage thats actually coming from vendor cost pressure mix shift versus other factors, thats a very difficult number to quantify and we have not quantified that. And the pressures are not across all categories equally.  So I think it depends on your mix at each time during the year. Of course, in the fourth quarter it is different but if there is any additional comments that Laura and Dave would like to add to that, Ill turn this over to them to add to add some color to the pressure you are getting from vendors on cost increases. Dave, would you like to discuss that?
David DeMattei: I think -- discussing it from an inventory standpoint, I think in our prepared remarks we talked about it, that of our increase in our inventory, about 60% is coming from price increases and about 40% is coming from mix shifts, so I probably -- you know, depending on how you are selling that product, if you are selling a comparable, it would be similar to that. 
Laura J. Alber: And as I said earlier on this subject, its hard to specifically pull it out because there are some areas where you actually get cost decreases as volumes go up and the vendor gets more efficient at making things and that partially offsets the cost increases we are seeing. We are also really focused on driving our packaging costs down overseas and that is an opportunity for us to mitigate the increasing raw materials cost.  And also, as I said earlier, the opportunity really lies in just improving the quality and improving the return to stock in our distribution centers and all those areas so we can continue to combat this increasing raw material cost. So its hard to answer specifically a percentage as youve asked. 
Operator: Well now hear from Janet Kloppenburg with JJK Research. 
Janet Kloppenburg - JJK Research: Good morning, everyone. I wanted to just ask a little bit of questions about the assumptions behind the fact that youve got your comp trend improving in the back half of the year. I know its worse than it had been in the guidance but its still improving as we go into the back half. So my question is does that relate to easier comparisons or does that relate to an outlook for the environment to improve? And on Pottery Barn, Sharon, I think you said that even though your inventories are up roughly 12% that Pottery Barn and Kids is flat. Maybe you could explain that a little more thoroughly for me. Im not sure I understood it. And maybe you could help us understand where you think, in light of the comp guidance, where you think the Pottery Barn and Kids inventories might be at the end of the year. Thank you. 
Sharon L. McCollam: Okay. Let me speak first to the comp guidance. Throughout the balance of the year, as I said earlier, Janet, the comp for the Pottery Barn and Pottery Barn Kids brands between now and the end of the year, where they ended up at the end of the first quarter and where I have them for the year is the same. Where you are seeing some slight improvement is in the Williams-Sonoma brand. Q3 and Q4 are Williams-Sonoma's time. If you go back 10, 15 years and you look at Williams-Sonoma, we still have a negative low-single-digit comp assumption in the guidance for the year for Q3 and Q4, but clearly not at the level that we experienced in Q1.  So on a two-year basis, there is a slight improvement but we dont look at it at a total company level. You cant look at our business at a total company level. You have to look at where we are brand by brand.  On the second question related to inventories, we did say that we were up $74 million year over year in inventory and where that came from was: $30 million of that is in new and expanded stores. That is display inventory in those stores year over year; $21 million of it is in the new and emerging brands, which is PBteen, West Elm, Williams-Sonoma Home; and then $23 million of it is in the Williams-Sonoma brand, which Dave just talked about, and that is 60% of it related to price increases and then 40% due to a mix shift in the brand, meaning that they are selling and carrying in their inventory higher price product. So thats where its coming from.  At the end of Q1, the Pottery Barn and Pottery Barn Kids brands, after you take out new stores, did not have a dollar cost increase in their inventories. It was virtually flat.  Now Laura, I will let you speak to where you see Pottery Barn and Kids going between now and the end of the year. 
Laura J. Alber: Thanks, Sharon. We are very focused on inventory management in the Pottery Barn brands and we are going to continue to take markdowns on slow movers. We are reducing unproductive SKUs and weve already done that for the back-half of the year, and we have cut receipt flow on slow movers.  So you are going to continue to see decreases in the Pottery Barn and Pottery Barn Kids inventory through the balance of the back half of the year. 
Operator: Well now hear from Laura Champine with Morgan Keegan.
Laura Champine - Morgan Keegan & Company: Good morning. Howard, this is a bigger picture question; I know that for years, we talked about how even if the industry declined, Williams-Sonoma was well-positioned because its a huge fragmented market and you could take share. But it looks like with Pottery Barn and Pottery Barn kids comping down double-digits that you are actually losing share. Is that a fair assessment and what do you think is driving that share loss?
W. Howard Lester: Well, I dont know that I can agree at all with your assumption. Id say losing share -- I mean, in the general sense but if you look at our direct competitors, the ones that we get data on that are public, to the best of my knowledge our comps are in Pottery Barn and Kids are -- Pottery Barn is probably the only that is really comparable to something. The numbers that I have kind of gathered, we are doing better than they are. But in an overall sense because the industry is not down as much as our comps have been down, I think our reaction to that is the malls that -- the mall traffic is clearly down for us in the home furnishings area. You know, even Williams-Sonoma, for instance, which has proved over the years as you know, pretty much protected from these kind of downturns that we are going through now, I remember in 1990, Sonoma was flat to slightly down. Down to slightly down in 1990. Thats what we are seeing now with Sonoma. Id say its reacting pretty much in the same way it did at the time, proving its such a great business because its affected but not -- but its still flatter or just barely down and we think that weve got an excellent chance that it will improve as we go on. We know theres some execution things we can do better.  But I actually -- you know, when we looked around us, we see -- weve seen, like in the kids area, we saw Bombay Kids go away, we saw Baby Style file for chapter 11. You know, weve seen Judy Georges company in the East Coast, Domain, file for bankruptcy a month or two ago. Weve seen other larger companies that we now are having serious financial difficulties, and Ive heard comps for some of these companies in the 20s, negative.  So I dont think thats a good assumption that we are losing share here. I think we are still with Pottery Barn in the process of improving all those things that we talked about or have been talking about for the last couple of years in our revitalization strategy, and I think that we are making real progress. We are probably not connected with the customer as much as wed like so far because of the economic environment.  But others you know too, just to point out, where their comps might be better, they are highly promotional. I mean, we look in their stores and everything is on sale. We talked today about our merchandise margins have not had that experience. You know, you asked the questions why are they worse, really, and weve said all along that our strategy was to protect our brands. So we are not promotional like everyone else. Our sell-throughs this year are very similar to historical levels.  So the other last thing on that too I think on a competitive basis is that we have reduced our catalog circulation substantially and of course, we knew that that would reflect, you know, would affect revenues to some extent, not just in the direct side but also in the store side because a very strong part of our model is those customers that are driven to the store through the receipt of the catalog, so obviously if we are mailing much less, the number of catalogs less that weve described to you, thats going to have some impact on sales.  So I would say overall, I believe that we are in an excellent position and not concerned about the fact that somehow we are losing share because others are outperforming us. I think quite the contrary. 
Operator: We have no further time for questions. At this time, I will turn it back over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks. 
W. Howard Lester: Well, we want to thank you for joining us today for our first quarter earnings call. We appreciate your time and support and patience and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Everybody have a great day. 
Operator: That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-03-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen C. Nelson - Director, Investor Relations W. Howard Lester - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Sharon L. McCollam - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President David DeMattei - Group President - Williams-Sonoma, Williams-Sonoma Home, West Elm Laura J. Alber - President Patrick J. Connolly - Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer, Director
Analysts: Lauren Levitan - Cowen and Company Rexford Henderson - Raymond James Matt Nemer - Thomas Weisel Partners Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets  Chris Horvers - Bear Stearns Colin McGranahan - Sanford Bernstein David Magee - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma Inc. fourth quarter and fiscal year 2007 earnings and fiscal year 2008 guidance call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Stephen Nelson, Director of Investor Relations at Williams-Sonoma Inc., to discuss non-GAAP measures and forward-looking statements. 
Stephen C. Nelson: Good morning. This mornings conference call should be considered in conjunction with the press releases that we issued earlier today. I would first like to discuss the non-GAAP financial measures that are included in this mornings earnings press release and todays conference call.  Our press release contains non-GAAP financial measures that excludes the impact of unusual business events and new accounting pronouncements. For the remainder of todays call, we will be discussing our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2007 results excluding the impact of these items and will refer to these results as non-GAAP.  These non-GAAP financial measures are provided to facilitate a meaningful year-over-year comparison. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and an explanation of why these non-GAAP financial measures are useful and how they are used by management are discussed in Exhibit 1 of the earnings press release.  I would now like to discuss our forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included in this mornings call constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, guidance, growth plans, and prospects of the company in 2008 and beyond, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements.  Please refer to the companys current press releases and SEC filings, including reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K, for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call.  I will now turn the conference call over to Howard Lester, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 
W. Howard Lester: Thanks, Steve. Good morning and thank everyone for joining us today. With me today are Laura Alber, our President; Pat Connolly, our Chief Marketing Officer; Dave DeMattei, our Group President for the Williams-Sonoma, Williams-Sonoma Home, and West Elm brands; and Sharon McCollam, our Chief Operating and Chief Financial Officer. Let me begin today by providing you with an overview of our 2007 business results and our 2008 outlook. Then Ill turn the call over to Sharon, Dave, and Laura for further details.  In fiscal 2007, net revenues on a 53 to 53-week basis, increased 3.8%, including a comparable store sales increase of three-tenths percent and a direct-to-customer sales increase of 3%.  Taking into account the generally bleak retail environment in the first half of the year and the recessionary warnings that followed in the back half, we were pleased with these results, especially when compared to the significantly lower growth rates of the home furnishings industry overall in 2007. We believe the strength of our brands and superior multi-channel business model drove these competitive top line increases.  Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share for the fiscal 2007 included an estimated $0.05 benefit from the 53rd week, increased $0.01 to $1.77 a share. We believe these results once again demonstrate our ability to react to a rapidly changing business climate and illustrate our management teams commitment to optimizing profitability, even in difficult economic times. We also returned nearly $240 million in cash to our shareholders during the year through share repurchases and dividends. We spent 2007 focusing on the things we could control and we made substantial progress on the strategic initiatives we set forth at the beginning of the year. The first of these initiatives was the revitalization of the Pottery Barn brand, where we began to differentiate our product assortment, reinstate our value proposition, and refine our direct-to-customer contact strategies. We also expanded the reach of the West Elm brand, which ended the year with 27 stores, and improved the operating performance of Williams-Sonoma Home.  There were also several supply chain advancements that we made during the year that we are very proud of. First, we successfully in-sourced our West Coast furniture hub, which currently processes approximately 10% of our national furniture volume. This operational change, which mirrors the changes we made on the East Coast in 2006, will allow us to substantially improve the furniture delivery experience for our customers and reduce furniture return rates.  We also added additional vendors to our furniture delivery network, significantly expanded our monogramming and personalization capabilities and reengineered our returns processing operations in an effort to differentiate our service offering, improve our customer service, and reduce our operating cost.  In information technology, we continued the rollout of our new retail inventory management system to the Pottery Barn, West Elm, and Williams-Sonoma Home brands. This system will allow us to optimize the flow of inventory and improve the in-stock position in our retail stores.  We also implemented new functionality in our direct-to-customer channel thats allowing us to improve the relevancy of our marketing interaction with our customers and optimize catalog response rates.  In e-commerce, we launched our first next generation website in the Williams-Sonoma brand. Our other brands which well begin to roll out to similar features and functionality in late 2008.  In addition to the supply chain and information technology advancements we made during the year, there were several brand specific highlights that we were very proud of. In the Williams-Sonoma and West Elm brands, we delivered the highest direct-to-customer operating contributions in the brands histories. We also made progress in our objective to improve profitability in the Williams-Sonoma home brand, particularly in the direct-to-customer channel. And in PBteen, new product innovation and superior execution drove a 25% increase in year-over-year revenues.  As we look forward to 2008, current trends indicate that well be operating in one of the most challenging economic environments weve seen in many years, and we believe there are circumstances under which it could get progressively worse, particularly if we find ourselves in a protracted recession.  In light of these trends, we are aggressively driving the appropriate changes in our business while maintaining a very flexible outlook. While we are committed to driving future growth across all channels, we believe sector declines are likely and that our revenue growth in 2008 could be negative low single digits. Given this belief, we are equally committed to driving down cost and inventory levels to the extent that the actions do not affect service levels to our customers. Our approach in this environment will not be business as usual.  To support future growth and to continue to expand the reach of our brands, we expect to add 29 net new retail stores and expand or remodel an additional 20 stores. We also expect to intensify the marketing behind our fastest growing channel, e-commerce. In our emerging brands, PBT and West Elm and Williams-Sonoma Home, we will continue to focus on building brand awareness and enhancing customer service access to the brands.  We will achieve this by adding 12 new stores in West Elm and one in Williams-Sonoma Home. We will also identify new customers for the brands through retail name capture and third-party list rentals, as well as through natural and paid search. Additionally, well continue the ongoing rollout of our Pottery Barn revitalization initiatives.  In our efforts to drive down costs, well be executing against the following initiatives in 2008: one, strategically optimizing catalog circulation, catalog versioning, and paid search, with the objective of improving overall productivity of our advertising costs; two, implementing new sourcing and logistic initiatives that in early tests are proving to be effective in reducing customer returns, replacements, and damages; three, improving efficiency in our domestic supply chain by expanding our furniture hub in-sourcing initiative; and four, reducing corporate overhead.  While we are confident in our ability to execute against all these cost reduction initiatives, we believe they will be more than offset by lower earnings associated with a projected low single digit decrease in net revenues, along with higher raw material and occupancy expense. Therefore, there is significant pressure on 2008 diluted earnings per share.  In 2008, we are expecting diluted earnings per share in the range of $1.42 to $1.56, a decline of $0.20 to $0.34 per share. This reduction is expected to be driven by the negative earnings impact of a low single digit decrease in net revenue, including the $0.05 per diluted share impact in 2008 from the loss of the extra week in 2007, higher occupancy expense costs, and increased raw material costs. This negative impact will be partially offset, however, by lower SG&A expenses and a reduction in furniture returns, replacements, and damages.  To drive down inventory levels, we are significantly modifying our 2008 receipt plans, maintaining a high level of flexibility in our vendor commitments, and aggressively liquidating slow movers through our outlet stores and e-commerce websites.  We will also be working to reduce our average weeks on hand in key merchandising categories through better forecasting and demand planning. While we believe that these initiatives will be challenging in the short-term due to the high volatility in sales trends, they are key priorities for our inventory teams this year.  Also in 2008, we expect to continue to return excess capital to our shareholders, as reflected by todays announcement to increase our quarterly cash dividend by 4.3% to $0.12 per share, in addition to the $150 million share repurchase program announced in January of 2008.  While we are disappointed that our 2008 revenue and diluted earnings per share guidance is softer than initially expected, we are excited about the opportunities that retail conditions like this can create. Weve seen these difficult macro environments before and particularly in the early to mid 90s, and I believe with great confidence that when the consumer begins reinvesting in their home, our brands will lead the way. Our brands remain extraordinary assets and during this time, we will protect what they stand for in the eyes of our customers. Our multi-channel strategy remains one of our greatest competitive advantages and during this time, well invest in our capabilities that emerge at peak performance levels. And our vendors remain the foundation of our future and during this time, we will capitalize on these strategic relationships.  We appreciate your ongoing interest during these challenging economic times and are committed to delivering on the expectations that weve set for ourselves over the next several quarters.  Let me now turn the conference over to Shannon for additional details on the 07 performance and 08 guidance. 
Sharon L. McCollam: Thank you, Howard. Good morning. Before we discuss 2007 results, its important to note that both the fourth quarter and fiscal year include an extra week versus 2006. We had projected the benefit of this extra week at approximately $70 million in revenue and $0.05 in diluted earnings per share. Additionally, some financial comparisons may be discussed on a non-GAAP basis as described by Steve earlier in todays call.  Despite a very challenging home furnishings environment, fourth quarter 2007 results on a comparable basis to 2006 were consistent with expectations and above last year. The highlights are as follows.  Fourth quarter non-GAAP diluted earnings per share increased 8.5% to $1.15 versus $1.06 in the fourth quarter of 2006, including the $0.05 benefit from the extra week.  Net revenues on a 14 to 14-week basis in the fourth quarter increased 3.4% to $1.37 billion. Key drivers of the growth included a 5.3% increase in retail leased square footage and an 18.7% increase in Internet revenues. Comparable store sales decreased 0.1%. In our core brands, net revenues increased 1.5% compared to a 23.2% increase in our emerging brands.  Circulation of catalog and catalog pages increased 9.4% and 16.6% respectively, due to an approximate 12% increase in the extra week of 2007.  Gross margin expressed as a percentage of net revenues decreased 160 basis points to 41.6% in the fourth quarter. This decrease was primarily driven by increased markdowns, increased raw material costs and higher inventory related costs, partially offset by the sales leverage of fixed occupancy expenses due to the extra week in 2007.  SG&A expenses as a percentage of net revenues in the fourth quarter decreased 30 basis points to 27.3%. This decrease was primarily driven by certain asset disposal and asset impairment costs incurred in 2006 that did not recur in 2007. Partially offsetting this [stability], however, were increased employment costs primarily driven by higher incentive compensation.  The effective income tax rate in the fourth quarter decreased 150 basis points to 37.1%. This decrease was primarily driven by certain favorable income tax resolutions in 2007 that did not occur in 2006, partially offset by the current period impact of FIN-48.  Now I will discuss our fiscal 2007 earnings results. Fiscal year 2007 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share increased $0.01 to $1.77. Net revenues on a 53 to 53-week basis in fiscal year 2007 increased 3.8% to $3.94 billion. Key drivers of the growth included a 5.3% increase in retail leased square footage, a comparable store sales increase of 0.3%, and a 15.8% increase in Internet revenue. In our core brands, net revenues increased 1.4% compared to a 32.4% increase in our emerging brands.  Circulation of catalogs and catalog pages increased 3.7% and 7.9% respectively, due to an approximate 5% increase in the extra week of 2007.  Gross margin expressed as a percentage of net revenues on a non-GAAP basis decreased 110 basis points to 38.9% in fiscal year 2007. This decrease was primarily driven by increased markdowns, increased raw material costs, and higher inventory related costs, partially offset by the sales leverage of fixed occupancy expenses due to the extra week of sales in 2007.  SG&A expenses as a percentage of net revenues on a non-GAAP basis in fiscal year 2007 decreased 30 basis points to 31%. This decrease was primarily driven by certain asset disposal and asset impairment costs in 2006 that did not recur in 2007, and lower advertising costs due to a higher percentage of direct-to-customer revenues being generated in the Internet channel, which operates at a lower advertising cost than the catalog. Partially offsetting this favorability however were increased employment costs, primarily driven by higher incentive compensation.  Significant year-over-year working capital balance sheet variances at the end of fiscal year 2007 were as follows: cash and cash equivalents at the end of fiscal year 2007 were $119 million, after returning nearly $240 million to our shareholders over the past 12 months through share repurchases and dividends. Our consolidated statements of cash flows are included in this mornings press release.  Merchandise inventories increased $83 million, or 13.6% to $694 million. Of this increase, approximately 55% was driven by the growth of the emerging brands, 35% by the product mix and cost increases in the Williams-Sonoma brand, and 10% by increased units on hand in the Pottery Barn and Pottery Barn Kids brands, primarily in core merchandise.  Within all of these percentages is the fixed investment for new and remodeled stores. In 2007, 30% of the $83 million year-over-year increase was attributable to this fixed investment.  Customer deposits increased $14 million to $202 million. This 7.5% increase was driven by a year-over-year increase in unredeemed gift cards and higher customer orders in transit.  Accounts payable decreased $17 million, or 8% to $198 million. This decrease was primarily driven by the timing of payments due to the additional week in 2007.  Id now like to discuss the details of our fiscal year 2008 guidance. Before I begin, however, Id like to point out again that 2007 was a 53-week year. Therefore, our 2008 guidance inherently reflects the negative impact of the loss of the extra week.  As Howard said earlier, we believe that in 2008, we will be operating in one of the most difficult macroeconomic environments we have seen in many years. We believe this not only because of the softer trends that we are seeing in our own business today but also because of the trends we are seeing in the home furnishings industry overall.  We are also looking beyond the home for key indicators and believe that the declining trends in consumer confidence over the past several months, even at the higher income levels, are cause for concern.  Based on all of these factors, we have approached our 2008 guidance with an unprecedented level of caution and will operate our business with maximum flexibility, so as to be able to immediately react in the event that the macro environment begins to shift in either direction.  In light of our cautious outlook, net revenues in 2008 on a 52 to 52-week basis are projected to increase 0.2% at the high end of our range or decline by 2% at the low end of the range. To achieve this growth, we are expecting a 7.5% to 8.5% increase in retail leased square footage, positive growth in the Internet, but offset by a projected comparable store sales decrease of 3% to 5.5%, and a reduction in catalog circulation in the range of 10% to 15%.  Gross margin as a percentage of net revenues in fiscal year 2008 is expected to decrease 160 to 180 basis points. This decrease is primarily driven by the fixed costs deleverage associated with a low single digit decrease in net revenues, partially due to the loss of the 53rd week, in addition to higher occupancy and raw material costs.  SG&A expense as a percentage of net revenues in fiscal year 2008 are expected to decrease 50 to 80 basis points. This decrease is primarily due to a reduction in advertising and other general and administrative costs.  Income tax expense as a percentage of pretax earnings in fiscal year 2008 is expected to increase 60 to 90 basis points due to the certain favorable income tax resolutions in fiscal year 2007 that are not anticipated to recur in fiscal year 2008.  Capital spending in fiscal year 2008 is expected to be in the range of $215 million to $235 million, of which approximately 60% is for new stores, 20% for information technology, 10% for store maintenance, and 10% for distribution and other facilities.  Inventory growth for fiscal year 2008 is expected to be in the range of negative 1.3% to positive 5.2%. Our goal in 2008, as Howard said earlier, is to reduce our weeks on hand in core merchandise inventories without affecting service to our customer. We are aggressively working to achieve the low end of this range, but are guiding the potential for ongoing sales volatility.  Consistent with our strategic initiative to enhance shareholder value, we remain committed to optimizing growth and profitability wherever possible in 2008, despite the challenges we face in the current macroeconomic climate.  I will now turn the call over to Dave DeMattei to discuss the Williams-Sonoma, Williams-Sonoma Home, and West Elm brands. 
David DeMattei: Thank you, Sharon. Good morning. I would like to begin this morning by discussing the performance of the Williams-Sonoma brand. In fiscal 2007 on a 53 to 53 week basis, net revenues in the Williams-Sonoma brand increased 2.7%, driven by a strong e-commerce growth, a comparable store sales increase of 0.7%, and incremental revenues from new and expanded stores.  In addition, the brand delivered one of the best operating margins in its history due to the ongoing success of new merchandising, catalog versioning, and e-commerce strategies. Given the overall softness in the macro environment, particularly in the back half of the year, we are pleased with these results.  From a merchandising perspective, sales growth was primarily driven by cookware, cooks tools, tabletop, and electrics. These increases were partially offset, however, by softness in our traffic-driven categories like houseware and books and bakeware.  As we enter 2008, we are facing extremely challenging macro headwinds but we believe that our strong merchandising, innovative marketing, and superior customer service will continue to differentiate our brand as the destination of choice for the consumer. Therefore, we are executing against several key initiatives that we are excited about, offering an expanded premium luxury assortment in key merchandise categories, leveraging the new features and functionality of our next generation e-commerce website that was just launched in January, expanding our e-commerce marketing support, including natural and paid search and targeted electronic direct marketing, strengthening our marketing message to the consumer by highlighting the quality, value, and cultural authenticity of our exclusive product offerings, and maintaining a superior level of customer service while balancing the cost pressures of a softer top line.  We believe that executing against all of these initiatives in 2008 will allow us to continue to expand the reach of the brand and leverage the strength of the brands authority as the destination for high quality cooking accessories, gift-giving ideas, and home entertaining essentials.  In 2007, the key strategies for the Williams-Sonoma Home brand were to build brand awareness, enhance operational execution, and improve overall brand profitability. We are pleased to say that we made progress against all of these initiatives, driven by strong merchandising, more efficient retail operation, and the implementation of an optimized catalog circulation plan.  During the year, we opened two new stores, one in St. Louis, Missouri, and one in Plano, Texas, ending the year with nine stores.  From a merchandising perspective, sales were primarily driven by strong growth in furniture and decorative home furnishings and accessories. Expanding our assortment, including non-furniture merchandise, was a top priority this year and the overall consumer response was positive.  As we enter 2008, we will be continuing to focus on the key -- the same key strategies we pursued in 2007 -- building brand awareness, enhancing operational execution, and improving brand profitability. In support of these strategies, we are executing against the following key initiatives that we believe will allow us to take the brands performance to the next level: leveraging the marketing power of the Williams-Sonoma kitchen brand; opening one additional store in Scottsdale, Arizona; expanding the marketing support behind the growth of e-commerce, our most profitable channel; continuing to refine the merchandise assortment, including expanding the breadth of our co-branded programs; and reengineering our sourcing network to improve the customer experience and reduce the high cost of returns, replacements, and damages.  We believe all of these initiatives will attract new customers to the brand, enhance the customer experience, and improve our financial results.  In West Elm, we are extremely pleased with our performance in 2007 from both a brand-building and brand execution perspective. Net revenues continued to exceed expectation, driven by incremental sales from new and existing stores in addition to strong growth in e-commerce and operating margins continued to improve. We ended the year with 27 stores, including our first flagship in Washington, D.C.  From a merchandising perspective, our furniture business and new product introductions were key drivers of growth. Expanding our assortment was a top priority for this year and consumer response has been positive.  From a marketing perspective, we rolled out two significant initiatives in 2007. The first was our private label credit card combined with a customer loyalty program. The consumer response exceeded all expectations and continues to drive strong sales in the brand. We carry no credit risk associated with this program.  The second initiative was the rollout of our design with style advertising campaign. This program allowed us for the first time to create a voice for the brand and speak about our brand principles -- affordability, design know-how, and accessibility. The consumer response again was very positive and we plan to carry this program into 2008.  As we enter 2008, we are focused on several additional brand-building initiatives, including aggressively expanding our retail store base by opening 12 new stores versus five in 2007; increasing conversion in the direct-to-customer channel by optimizing the balance between shipping income and customer response rates; rationalizing our merchandise assortment across key categories and improving gross margins through strategic sourcing and aggressive quality assurance programs.  We continue to believe the unique, design-driven merchandise offering in the West Elm brand is a significant competitive advantage and we are excited about its long-term growth.  I would now like to turn the call over to Laura to discuss the Pottery Barn brand. 
Laura J. Alber: Thank you, Dave. Good morning. First Ill start with the Pottery Barn brand. In fiscal 2007 on a 53 to 53 week basis, net revenues in the Pottery Barn brand increased 0.8%, primarily driven by growth in retail leased square footage and e-commerce. Comparable store sales decreased 0.3%. Taking into consideration the significant weakness in the home furnishings sector and the fact that brand growth was in line with the growth of the home furnishings category overall, we believe these results reflect the positive net impact of our 2007 revitalization initiative, offset by a progressively weakening macro environment.  From a merchandising perspective, revenue growth was primarily driven by furniture and home furnishings. These increases were substantially offset by ongoing softness in table top. We do not believe that it is a coincidence that our strongest performing categories, furniture and home furnishings, were also the categories that saw the greatest impact from our revitalization initiative. These initiatives were centered on specific merchandising, marketing, and operational opportunities that were within our control and successfully executed against.  As we enter 2008, well move forward with the next phase of our revitalization strategies. While we recognize that we are going to be operating in one of the most difficult home furnishing environments in many years, we believe that we have an opportunity to attract new customers to the brand through superior merchandising and execution. Therefore, in 2008 we will be focused on the following four key initiatives.  First, we will introduce a greater level of newness to the customer through innovative product development and enhanced visual merchandising. Today, change is resonating with our customers and they are voting yes for newness.  Second, we will continue to reinstate value as a key competitive advantage. In this tougher macro environment, our customer expects new home dcor to provide impactful change at a great price.  Third, we will optimize the effectiveness of direct marketing by implementing strategic changes in catalog circulation, catalog versioning, and paid search.  And finally, we will make meaningful improvements to the service levels in our stores. In 2007, we made significant investments in the operations of our stores, including the implementation of a new labor scheduling tool. We believe these investments will significantly enhance our customer store experience while at the same time optimizing store payroll.  While we are confident in our ability to deliver against these initiatives, we believe that the external factors that affected our business in 2007 are likely to have a greater impact in 2008. Therefore, despite our confidence in the strength of the Pottery Barn brand, we believe that our sales growth in 2008 could directionally trend with the home furnishings category overall, which we believe could be negative.  Accordingly, we are committed to optimizing profitability to the extent possible by aggressively managing down our costs and tightening our inventories without negatively impacting customer service.  Now I would like to talk about Pottery Barn Kids. In fiscal 2007, net revenues in the Pottery Barn Kids brand decreased 0.4% on a 53 to 53-week basis. This decrease was primarily driven by negative comparable store sales of 1.5%. While we are disappointed in these results, we believe that Pottery Barn Kids has become increasingly more impacted by the macro environment than our other brands due to its significant dependence on broader, discretionary categories, like core textiles.  During 2007, our strongest performing categories were those in which we had meaningful differentiation or competitive positioning, including decorative accessories, infant apparel, and core furniture. The growth in these categories, however, was more than offset by a substantial shortfall in textiles, which were extremely soft through the home furnishings sector all year.  While we believe that the progressive decline we have seen in the performance of Pottery Barn Kids, particularly in the fourth quarter and continuing today, is macro driven, we believe that there are opportunities we can aggressively pursue to mitigate the impact. Therefore, as we enter 2008, we are focused on the following four key strategies.  First, we will capitalize on our strong positioning in the kids bedroom by filling in gaps in the merchandise assortment across categories.  Second, we will revitalize and reinvent our top of bed category to create a meaningful differentiation between us and the competition.  Third, we will continue to strengthen our vendor base in the nursery category. Superior execution is critical in this category and our 2007 back orders were too high. We have an important opportunity in this area to improve our service to our customer.  And finally, like Pottery Barn, we will optimize the effectiveness of our direct marketing by implementing strategic changes in catalog circulation, catalog versioning, and paid search.  While we believe all of these initiatives can be impactful in the coming year, business trends today are extraordinarily challenging and we do not anticipate that changing in the near-term. Therefore, we are aggressively managing the aspects of the business we can control to optimize profitability while at the same time protecting our brand image in the eyes of our customer.  As Howard said earlier, retail environments like this can create significant long-term opportunities for great brands. Pottery Barn Kids is the clear leader in the home furnishings category today for children under 10 years old, and we believe that we have an opportunity to emerge from these times with an even strong competitive presence.  I would now like to talk about Pottery Barn Teen. In fiscal 2007, on a 53 to 53-week basis, net revenues in the PBteen brand increased a better than expected 24.9%. We are extremely pleased with this performance, particularly in light of the macro headwind.  From a merchandising perspective, we saw strong growth across all teen merchandising categories, particularly furniture, textiles, and decorative accessories. As we enter 2008, we are extremely encouraged by the strong consumer response to our new spring merchandise assortment. New and innovative products designed specifically for the teen market continue to attract new customers to the brand as it solidifies its role in the life stage marketing strategy in the Pottery Barn portfolio of brands.  I would now like to open the call for questions and thank you. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Well take our first question from Lauren Levitan from Cowen and Company. Go ahead, please. 
Lauren Levitan - Cowen and Company: Thank you. Good morning. Im hoping that all of you could provide us with a little bit more color on how the consumer is behaving. Howard, you made some references to this but maybe you could give us some sense of are you seeing regional variations, are there categories or price points or things that they are responding to better than others? Im curious if that focus on quality that youve been communicating in the catalog and in stores, if thats resonating.  And then related to those expectations for the consumer, I mean, clearly youve said that you arent expecting things to get better. If you could give us some sense of how that comp trend that youve given us for the year, what the underlying assumptions associated with that are.  And then I have a second question for Howard; its almost two years since you returned into the CEO role. Im wondering if you can give us some update on your plans and thoughts around the overall management structure. Thank you very much. 
W. Howard Lester: Well, thats a lot of questions, Lauren, and we wish we had all the answers for you.  First, to kind of give you a little more color on the consumer, you know, we are seeing regional variances, and distinctly so. Its pretty negative in some of the places, like Florida, Atlanta particularly are difficult. The West Coast is difficult, particularly in Southern California, places where home prices rose the most and dropped the most dramatically and Las Vegas, places like that, are bad; Scottsdale, Arizona -- and on the other hand, we are seeing some really bright pockets. We dont know whether thats going to continue or not -- places like Texas and Oklahoma and through all of that part of the country is quite strong. Chicago, the upper Midwest amazingly enough has been strong from a comp basis, although we suffered in the upper Midwest a couple of years ago, so that kind of accounts for that to some extent.  So we are seeing those. We just dont know what to make of it. We do know that considered purchases are more difficult. You know, as we told you before, we started to see higher transaction rates this fall and lower average tickets, and so we know that the consumer is just spending less when they spend. And we are seeing that, and of course that makes it difficult for those of us in the home business particularly, because of our price points and the ticket that they have to step up to is more difficult than in Williams-Sonoma, for example, where our business has remained -- has been affected but has remained relatively strong.  This feels a lot to me like 1990 -- maybe more difficult, I think. I think this is probably the worst time that Ive seen since Ive been in this business in 30 years prospectively. And we have the election coming along. Thats going to be distractful, I think, so I think its going to be a difficult year.  But having said that, if its not, were in a position to take advantage of it and so we are not going to give anything away. I mean, we are optimistic but we are trying to be realistic about where the consumer is.  Was there another part to that question? The management team and how they are doing -- well, I think they are doing great. Ive been back doing this not quite two years. I think I started back in the summer, July or so, so its been about a year-and-three-quarters. Weve been very active here. It wasnt the best time to come back. I wish that the comps -- if wed been up 20, it would have been a lot more fun but honestly, were having fun.  You know, as I said in my talk, this is when you learn to run a business. Its a lot easier when the wind is at your back and you are kind of riding the horse. When things are tough, thats when you have to make the hard decision. And so I think this team is really dealing with these things really well. I mean, Im proud of the team. I think all the people are doing a great job. I think they are maturing as we go and I am looking forward to another couple of years here before you get rid of me but I think this team is going to be able to run this business in the not-distant future without me and Im really encouraged as to where we.  But right now, were not thinking about that. Right now as a group all were focused on is doing these things that we talked to you all about this morning and well let the rest of the future play out as time goes by. 
Operator: Thank you. Well take our next question from Rexford Henderson with Raymond James and Associates. Go ahead, please. 
Rexford Henderson - Raymond James: Good morning. I think the question that I want to focus on is on the sourcing of goods, were seeing significant inflation and raw material inflation in your source countries, and youre focused naturally on maintaining the brand image and maintaining your quality level and without pricing yourself out of the market. Im just wondering how you are balancing those issues and what we can expect and what actions you are taking to address those issues. 
Sharon L. McCollam: I think that its different answers, to some extent, between Dave and Laura, so Ill let Dave take his brands and then well let Laura speak to the Pottery Barn brands. 
David DeMattei: Okay, so Ill start with the Williams-Sonoma brand. You know, Williams-Sonoma, a lot of our goods come out of Europe and we have the dollar pressures there, so we work with vendors. We look for alternate sources when possible and we try to balance our mix to attain the margins we need and we take price increases where we have to.  In terms of West Elm out of Asia, West Elm has going for it increased order volumes, so we use those through strong negotiation and as I said in my comments, much more strategic -- exploring new countries, exploring new vendors and building a vendor base to support it. West Elm is currently able to increase its orders because of its large growth rate and we are using that as a great leveraging factor, but it is a balance act, as you say. 
Laura J. Alber: Similar response -- you know, we have extremely strong partnerships with our vendors that weve built over many, many years and our success and their success are completely interdependent and they understand. We were just over in Asia with all of our -- about 200 vendors talking about this very issue and while raw materials are increasing, we are looking for other ways to take price out without sacrificing quality. And weve really become more sophisticated in understanding how to engineer value into our products.  On the return logistics side, we also have an opportunity to improve our efficiency and take costs out, which will help our margins. And then lastly Ill say the other thing were doing to really combat higher raw materials costs is tighter inventory control, higher sell-throughs at regular price. 
W. Howard Lester: Just another comment on that; Laura mentioned we were in Asia for a long trip and meeting with all of our vendors -- Dave and Laura and I and some others were over there and I think that our brands and the size of our brands, the magnitude of our relationship with our vendors, it really is serving us well in this time. Many of these factories, were 20% to 60% to 70% of their volume and its a common problem that we have to share and we do have some price increases here and there but by and large, they know that we are committed to if anything engineering more quality into our products, not less. Were not going to accept less and they are working with us and in some cases probably taking shorter margins on their side in order to get the right kind of product into consumers hands here in America.  So I think our size and the strength of our brands are a really big asset here during these particular times that maybe others dont have. 
Operator: Well take our next question from Matt Nemer with Thomas Weisel. Go ahead, please. 
Matt Nemer - Thomas Weisel Partners: Good morning, everyone. My first question is I was just wondering if you could comment on the sequential change from Q1 to Q2. And I guess what Im getting at is what specifically are your macro assumptions as we move through the year? And then my second question is could you comment on your strategy to reduce weeks on hand of inventory? Will we see that in the outlets, online, in the stores, in the catalogs? Kind of what should we look for? Thanks. 
Sharon L. McCollam: Laura, would you like to take that?
Laura J. Alber: Sure. We have been aggressively managing our inventory for the past 12 months and are prepared to handle a weakening sales environment. Weve been looking at our outlet strategies to modify them so that we can move more in-season goods there. But most importantly, really forecasting realistically our trends and working with our vendors to maintain flexibility as the year goes on.  We also have made investments in systems and process improvements that allow us to more accurately flow goods to our stores and predict demand in the future, so I think this is going to be an area where we are able to make changes and continue to reduce inventory throughout the year because we have been preparing for this for the last year. 
Sharon L. McCollam: And then Matt, in response to your question about what we are assuming as we progress through the year, I think you can see from the comp guidance that clearly we came into February and March with extremely challenging comp numbers and that we have a lot of newness coming in. We are excited about some things that we are doing internally, the Pottery Barn revitalization initiatives, et cetera, so as we launch our summer assortment, we felt a little -- we do feel better about that and we think there are some positives there.  So as you look at what weve given you in the comp guidance, you can pretty much see that throughout the year on a two-year comp basis, that youve basically got a flat outlook between now and the end of the year. Our assumptions were very similar on the direct side.  The reason that you see the little differences in the growth rates by quarter is because of the significant leased square footage growth we have this year. You know, what is so exciting about these times, like Howard talked about, is when you have times like this, great retailers can seize opportunity. Were going to have 7.5% to 8.5% leased square footage growth this year and those stores will open during the year, so thats given us some top line coming from stores.  And whats particularly encouraging about that is on those 20 remodels and expansions, those are in our core brands, too. So youve got a really nice bump coming this year from the leased square footage growth, but thats when youre looking at the top line, were not assuming a big deterioration going into the back half and were not assuming a big positive. 
Laura J. Alber: I want to add one thing to what I was saying about inventory that is also really important, that I didnt mention, is that we are aggressively looking at our assortments to rationalize our SKUs. And this is really important because it allows us to put the investments in the things that drive the most business and reduce those that just create noise for both the customer, our distribution centers, and our vendors. And we are really excited on the progress weve made on that front and the progress to be made throughout this year. And we do not believe that will affect the customer or sales, so thats another key part of our inventory management strategy. 
Operator: Well take our next question from Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets. Go ahead, please.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: I guess this is a question for Sharon; it looks like you guys are looking for about a 5% or $50 million to $60 million reduction in absolute SG&A on a year-over-year basis, and it just feels like a lot, given the expected growth in square footage. Is the primary difference the cut-back in catalog circulation and advertising or are there other things that would really impact that?
Sharon L. McCollam: That would be the largest contributor is coming from the productivity that we believe that we are going to be able to deliver as a result of our new circulation strategy. You know, weve talked, Scot, for the last 12 months to 18 months about the systems investments that weve made in the direct-to-customer channel and the advancements that Pat has made, and Im going to turn this over actually to Pat because I think he can speak to this. Its very exciting for us. Weve said there would be benefit and this year, were going to see it. So Pat, would you like to speak to that?
Patrick J. Connolly: Sure. Thats a great point, Scot. Im glad you asked it. I think when we talk with all of you, we talk about the ability of our marketing systems to identify the best possible prospects. But in these times, well also be able to identify those people who are very much least likely to buy. We use not only our internal data but we also use external data, including mortgage balances, aggregate credit scores and the like, and changes in those credit scores. And that has really allowed us to eliminate, as Sharon indicated in her guidance, somewhere between 10% and 15% of our circulation with a minimal impact on the resulting sales. 
Sharon L. McCollam: And then additionally, Scot, we are seeing general and administrative cost reductions. We are serious about managing down costs in this type of an environment and we are aggressively going after that, so that additionally will be part of that number but the big dollars are coming out of the productivity and advertising costs. 
Operator: Thank you. Well take our next question from Chris Horvers with Bear Stearns. Go ahead, please.
Chris Horvers - Bear Stearns: Thanks and good morning. Sharon, to follow-up on the inventory question, if you laid out that about 10% of the inventory increase was related to units on hand; Im just curious if those other two factors maybe arent as controllable, why wont it be very difficult to manage the inventory lower?
Sharon L. McCollam: Im sorry, I dont think I know your question. When you look at the increase year over year in the Pottery Barn brands, Pottery Barn and Kids, about 10%, were talking about $8 million. And so the question -- I want to be sure that I answer your question, so could you tell me what it is that you are asking me? Chris?
Chris Horvers - Bear Stearns: Hello?
Sharon L. McCollam: Can we bring Chris back, please? Chris, are you there?
Chris Horvers - Bear Stearns: Im here. 
Sharon L. McCollam: Could you just repeat your question? Because I want to make sure I answer what youre asking me. 
Chris Horvers - Bear Stearns: Can you here me now?
Sharon L. McCollam: I can. 
Chris Horvers - Bear Stearns: So the question is if that other 90% of the inventory growth that you saw this year is related to emerging brands and product mix and raw material cost pressures, doesnt that make it very difficult to get the inventory lower if you are just managing the weeks on hand? Like, is that something thats systematic and fixed there and you can only do so much with the units on hand?
Sharon L. McCollam: I think that we are going to see optimization of inventory actually across all of our brands. This is not a Pottery Barn discussion. Even in the emerging brands, as they get bigger, they end up, you know, as they are small, they end up buying minimums and of course, thats difficult because it ends up giving you more inventory at any point in time than you would prefer to have at that point in time. So as they grow, they get to optimize that.  In addition, we have seen for the last several years some substantial increases in Williams-Sonoma because of the Stonestown project and the shift in their mix and thats going to start mitigating going forward and we think theres some real opportunity there.  So we have -- its not going to be -- I expect to see every one of our core brands see reductions in inventory net year and inventory levels to the extent they can, and then we will have less SKUs and that will be helpful. So we feel pretty good about this inventory guidance. We are organizationally focused on achieving these numbers. The risk we have, of course, is the sales volatility. If the sales fall quickly, its hard to modify and thats why we gave ourselves a cushion there. But we are prepared to do what we need to do to get these inventories down. 
Operator: Thank you. Well take our next question from Colin McGranahan with Bernstein and Company. Go ahead, please. 
Colin McGranahan - Sanford Bernstein: Thank you. Good morning. I have actually two questions. The first is maybe you could comment just on the overall competitive landscape and how you think about your promotional approach in this kind of an environment. And maybe in that you can include some commentary on whether there was -- how much the change in the promotional environment sequentially from lets say last November through the current has impacted the rather severe sequential decline in the comp trend from the fourth quarter to the first quarter. In other words, have you intentionally been less promotional relative to some of the extreme things weve seen out there in the marketplace and you are factoring that in. So thats my first question. If you could just comment on promotional intensity, your approach in this kind of environment, and the trade-offs you are making.  The second question is more on store growth, and understanding there is lead time here, there are attractive opportunities in malls that dont come available that often, but have you thought about the 8% square footage growth in this kind of an environment? Howard especially, it sounds like you think theres some possibility we could be in a challenging environment for quite some time. Maybe it would make some sense to be a little bit more conservative on that store growth. 
W. Howard Lester: Let me take the first and the last, if I can, and then with Laura and perhaps Daves help, we can talk about more specifically about the promotional kinds of things that are going on.  I would say that as a general thing for the last couple of months, or since the first of the year, we have not been promotional and thats been on purpose. So we have not been ultra-promotional. Weve tried to maintain our margins and maintain the philosophy of our brands.  I would say that in general from a competitive standpoint, and not knowing that much about whats going on in all the other companies, of course we are seeing just through public information many of our competitors struggling, having substantial struggles and some are struggling to stay alive and some are going through all sorts of things, particularly those companies that are in the furniture business primarily.  So we are seeing that. We think thats a good sign. While were sorry its happening for them, we are seeing that as an opportunity for us to gain share and do the things that we talked about in our talk.  Let me ask Laura and Dave if they want to add a little more specifics to your question and then Ill come back to the store strategy. 
Laura J. Alber: On the promotional environment, we do know that a lot of our competitors are trying to get through inventory and thats putting pressure on prices across the market. We have made the conscious decision not to run promotions in our core brands to drive sales. We run promotions and markdowns when we have inventory problems and thats a very different strategy. So we clear goods in-season when they are moving slower than our anticipated sales rates.  But as an example, Ill give you one in Pottery Barn, we did not run a white sale in January, consciously. It probably cost us some regular priced business -- or Im sorry, it probably cost us some sales but where we believe we have a great value and the customer buys it at regular price, we are maintaining that philosophy. And to the extent also on shipping, we are -- our goal on shipping is to be competitive and fair and easy to understand and have less gimmicks and promotions around that. And so we are doing some things differently than what the market is doing and we feel really good about them.  So you will see us take the mark-downs when we need to but particularly -- and I speak for the Pottery Barn brands mostly and Ill let Dave comment on his areas -- that we are not just trying to buy our sales, because we dont think thats a sustainable strategy. 
W. Howard Lester: I think the same thing is probably true in Sonoma. I mean, were holding our prices but its basically a full price -- 
David DeMattei: Yeah, philosophically were a full-priced brand. We take markdowns to clear seasonal goods in the first half of the year. Its a very small percentage of Williams-Sonoma's inventory. 
W. Howard Lester: And we havent changed anything, so -- back to the store issue, you know, we have had here a -- what I regard as a very strong process of the way that we pick and decide on new retail locations. And we continue to use that process, we rely on it. Now obviously in more difficult times, were more conservative on our estimates for the sales forecast that we are giving to those stores. And what happens to us, and its kind of unusual this year, really, is that over the last couple of years, that weve had more opportunities come to us that are solid store locations that weve been waiting for. And they are opportunities that we want to take advantage of.  We are not going to take advantage or open any store that we dont think is going to give us the kind of returns that we are looking for. And thats been consistent as long as weve been opening stores here, at least for 25 years. I mean, we have this process that we look for a certain sort of contribution level and if we dont get it, we just dont do it. And thats not to say weve been perfect every time but we didnt mean to do it.  So the same thing is true here. You know, as we look at brands like West Elm, those locations are very difficult to come by, otherwise we would have been much more aggressive with West Elm, so when those come along we take them. And its just kind of worked out this way.  But if you look at the store count that we are doing, new stores next year, I mean, they are kind of spread. Theres six Sonoma, six Pottery Barns, two Pottery Barn Kids and a couple of more outlets and then, you know, the 12 West Elms that we talked about in our talk and one Home. So they are spread across. Weve been very discriminating about whether or not we should do them. I can tell you we reviewed them several times but a lot of these were also done a year or two years ago, you know, made the deal and then weve been waiting on the space so theres that factor as well. 
Operator: Thank you. Well take our next question from David Magee with Suntrust Robinson Humphrey. Go ahead, please. 
David Magee - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Good morning. Just a couple of questions on West Elm; you mentioned better profitability. Im curious whether thats a function primarily of productivity improving or is there maybe a more favorable mix of the business as you get deeper into it. And what do you think the ultimate profitability of that concept might be relative to your core concepts?
David DeMattei: We continue to make productivity improvements in our direct channels. That, as I said in the prepared comments, it was the highest in the brands history, so we continue to work on that through both mix and through working with Pat through the optimization of the circulation strategy.  And you know, in our stores, were learning a lot about opening our stores. We really -- I think its a combination. We see a ramp period in our stores over 18 to two months. Our oldest, more mature stores are the ones that are performing the best for us, so as they mature they get better. Probably thats a combination of the brand becoming more known in the marketplace, coupled with our marketing into the market.  We are tweaking the size of our stores as we learn more, so we are -- we were -- probably 20,000 square feet is all stores. Now were dropping to 15,000 and where we think the markets can utilize a little bit of a smaller store and that again increases profitability of those.  And then the markets that we opened, we are performing best where we are best known from our catalog data. So as we accumulate data, I think we can become much more strategic in the [inaudible] of the business. 
Operator: Thank you. Well take our last question from Marni Shapiro with The Retail Tracker. Go ahead, please.
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker:
 : Hi, guys and before I forget, I just want to wish you luck in this environment. If you could talk a little bit about -- you talked about this at Pottery Barn, top of -- table top, top of edge, certain areas. If you could talk a little bit about that at West Elm, if you are seeing reaction to table top and the soft goods part of that business. 
David DeMattei: I think across the industry, Laura talked about the textile business. It has been a rough one across all of our home furnishings businesses this year. We are seeing -- West Elm has been driven this past year by the furniture business. You know, it continues to be a very strong point for the business. Weve worked a lot on our innovation there. Weve really been able to build an upholstery business for the first time there. Our bedroom continues to trend, especially our storage pieces. And weve really worked on our decorative accessories part.  The table top business is a very small one for West Elm, one that we are continually working on and trying to get going but again, it continues to be a very small one, unlike Pottery Barn's business. 
Operator: Thank you. That is all the time we have for questions today. I will now turn the call over to Howard Lester for closing comments. 
W. Howard Lester: Well, we just want to thank everybody for joining us today and we want to thank you for your support and well talk to you next quarter. Thank you. Good morning. 
Operator: That concludes todays teleconference. Thank you for your participation and you may disconnect at any time.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-09-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen C. Nelson - Director of IR  W. Howard Lester - Chairman and CEO  Sharon L. McCollam - EVP, COO and CFO  David M. DeMattei - Group President, Williams-Sonoma, Williams-Sonoma Home and West Elm Brands  Laura J. Alber - President 
Analysts: Armando Lopez - Morgan Stanley Dean Witter  Rexford Henderson - Raymond James & Associates  Lauren Levitan - Cowen and Company  Matt Nemer - Thomas Weisel Partners  Jack Murphy - William Blair & Co.  Neely Tamminga - Piper Jaffray  Janet Kloppenberg - JJK Research  Christopher Horvers - Bear Stearns & Company  Laura Richardson - BB&T Capital Markets  Colin McGranahan - Sanford C. Bernstein 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Williams-Sonoma Incorporated Second Quarter 2007 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session after the presentation. This conference is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the call over to Steve Nelson, Director of Investor Relations at Williams-Sonoma Incorporated, to discuss non-GAAP measures and forward-looking statements. 
Stephen C. Nelson - Director of Investor Relations: Good morning. This morning's conference call should be considered in conjunction with the press release that we issued earlier today. I would first like to discuss the non-GAAP financial measures that are included in this morning's press release and today's conference call. In our press release, we announced operating results for the second quarter of 2007 that included and excluded $0.006 diluted earnings per share impact, the New Accounting Pronouncement FIN 48, FASB Interpretation Number 48, accounting for uncertainty in income taxes.  The earnings press release also contained comparisons that included and excluded a $0.05 per diluted share of net benefit from unusual business events in the second quarter of fiscal year 2006. In the Guidance section of the press release, we have included and excluded a projected $0.03 per diluted share impact of FIN 48 for fiscal year 2007, and a $0.007 per diluted share impact for the third quarter of 2007. We also compared our fiscal year 2007 guidance to our fiscal year 2006 operating results that included and excluded a $0.03 per diluted share net benefit from unusual business events.  For the remainder of today's call, we will be discussing our second quarter 2007 results, our quarterly and fiscal year 2007 guidance, and our fiscal year 2006 results excluding the impact of these items, and we will refer to these results as non-GAAP. These non-GAAP financial measures are provided to facilitate meaningful year-over-year comparisons. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, and an explanation of why these non-GAAP financial measures are useful, and how they are used by management, are discussed in Exhibit 1 of the press release.  I would now like to discuss our forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included in this mornings call, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements address the financial condition, results of operations, business initiatives, guidance, growth plans and prospects of the company in 2007 and beyond, and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the company's current press release and SEC filings, including reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K for more information on these risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this call.  I will now turn the conference call over to Howard Lester, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 
W. Howard Lester - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Steve, and good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today is Laura Alber, our President; Pat Connolly, our Chief Marketing Officer; Sharon McCollam, our Chief Operating and Chief Financial Officer; and Dave DeMattei, our Group Vice President for the Williams-Sonoma, Williams-Sonoma Home and West Elm Brands.  I want to begin today with an overview of our second quarter 2000 [ph] business results and then a high-level outlook for the balance of the year. Sharon, Dave and Laura will then follow-up with the financial and brand detail... brand label details.  Although the economic environment in the home furnishing sector in the second quarter was one of the most difficult we have seen, we delivered year-over-year revenue growth of 4.1% and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of a better than expected $0.24. This is $0.06 above the high end of our guidance. Also during the quarter, we repurchased 2.6 million shares of our common stock. We are very proud of these results and believe that they once again demonstrate our ability to manage our business during tough difficult economic times.  In our core brands, which include Williams-Sonoma Pottery Barn and Pottery Barn Kids, net revenues in the second quarter increased 1%. These results were in line with expectations, despite higher back orders at the end of the quarter. We were particularly pleased with the progress we made on our Pottery Barn initiatives during the quarter.  In our emerging brands which include West Elm, Williams-Sonoma Home and PBteen revenues increased to better than expected 39.4%, with strong growth across all brands and channels. Like the core brands, increased back orders in addition to higher customer service orders and transits, negatively impacted second quarter growth.  During the quarter, we continued to make strategic advancements in our supply chain infrastructure. From assistance perspective, we rolled out our new retail inventory management system to our West Elms and Williams-Sonoma Home brands. In the supply chain organization, we consolidated our returns processing operations into one dedicated location. This initiative is expected to result in the more rapid identification of return-related trends, in addition to lower operating cost. We also expanded our west coast distribution center, which facilitated the in-sourcing of our west coast furniture hub operations. As you might recall, this initiative on the east coast in 2006 allowed us to improve the furniture return rates in that hub by 30%, compared to the other hubs in the region.  As we look forward to the third quarter and the balance of the year, we are continuing to focus on the execution of two of our more strategic initiatives. Driving top line revenue growth across all our brands and optimizing our pre-tax operating margins, through operational advancements and cost-containment initiatives. Within these initiatives, our top priority continues to be the revitalization of the Pottery Barn brand. And we are pleased with our results to-date. Laura will provide you with the further update later in today's call.  Consistent with our strategic initiative to drive profitable top line revenue growth, we are investing in the growth opportunities that we believe will provide the greatest returns in both our core and emerging brands. In the retail channel, we are expecting to add 11 net-net new retail locations throughout the year, seven of which are in our emerging brands. We are also expanding the square footage of 20 of our existing stores and remodeling three additional stores in place.  In the direct-to-customer channel, we'll continue to leverage the rollout of our Pottery Barn Outdoor catalog into the third quarter, in addition to launching our new website in the Williams-Sonoma brand in the fourth quarter. We also expect to increase catalog paid circulations in both our core and emerging brands, as well as increase the marketing behind our fastest growing channel e-commerce.  To support all of these growth initiatives, we are continuing to invest in our supply chain infrastructure, including the expansion of our west coast distribution and furniture hub operations, the consolidation of our returns processing facility, and the integration of our recently acquired European sourcing company. We are also intensifying our sourcing and quality control operations in Asia and leveraging our in-sourced domestic furniture operations as part of our ongoing effort to reduce furniture returns, replacements and damages. Although these initiatives may result in short-term pressure on earnings, we believe the impact will be more than offset overtime by our continued ability to drive greater efficiencies in our supply chain operations and overhead cost structure.  Regarding the home furnishings environment for the third quarter and the balance of the year, we believe an ongoing cautious outlook is appropriate. Therefore we are reiterating our third and fourth quarter revenue and diluted EPS guidance. We are however, raising our full year non-GAAP diluted earnings per share guidance by $0.06 to the range of a $1.82 to $1.90, based on our better than expected earnings results in the second quarter.  Let me now turn the conference call over to Sharon and... to further discuss our second quarter results and provide additional details on our 2007 guidance. 
Sharon L. McCollam - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you Howard, and good morning. I would now like to first talk about our second quarter earnings results. As a reminder, financial comparisons maybe on a non-GAAP basis as described by Steve earlier in today's call. In the second quarter of 2007, non-GAAP diluted earnings per share decreased 4% to $0.24 versus $0.25 in the second quarter of 2006. Throughout the quarter, we remained intensely focused on our operational execution and our cost-containment initiatives, which allowed to us deliver diluted earnings per share. That was $0.06 above the high end of our guidance and $0.08 above the first call estimates.  The three key drivers of these better than expected results versus our guidance were as follows; first, we saw significantly better than expected results in the Williams-Sonoma and West Elm brands due to strong margins, solid cost discipline and continued productivity in the direct-to-customer channel. Second, we saw better than expected catalog productivity in selling gross margins in the Pottery Barn brands. Remember, last quarter, we reduced our operating margin expectations to reflect the risk of a more promotional environment. While we did see increased promotional activity, it did not reach the levels we anticipated.  And finally, we saw a better than expected productivity in our distribution and call centers, in addition to lower overhead costs due to the aggressive management of our variable and discretionary costs.  Net revenues in the second quarter of 2007 increased 4.1%, to approximately $859 million versus the second quarter of 2006. Excluding the negative impact of the shutdown of Hold Everything, net revenues increased 4.6%, including a 5.1% increase in the retail channel and a 4% increase in the direct-to-customer channel. Comparable store sales increased a better than expected 1.2% during the quarter. Retail leased square footage increased 4.1% including seven net new stores. Catalog circulation during the second quarter, excluding Hold Everything, increased 9.3% while paid circulation increased 9.5%. This compares to catalog circulation increases of 2.1% and a paid circulation increase of 7.6% in the second quarter of 2006.  Gross margin expressed as a percentage of net revenues in the second quarter, was 37.2%, a 100-basis point decrease on a non-GAAP basis from 38.2% in the second quarter of fiscal 2006. This decrease was primarily driven by increased markdowns and higher cost of merchandize sold in our Pottery Barn and Pottery Barn Kids brands, and increased occupancy costs. The increased occupancy costs as a percentage of net revenues was primarily driven by the retail rollout of the emerging brands. These costs were partially offset however by the elimination of all cost of goods sold associated with the Hold Everything brands.  SG&A expenses as a percentage of net revenues in the second quarter were 32.3%, a 40-basis point decrease on a non-GAAP basis from 32.7% in the second quarter of fiscal 2006. This 40-basis point decrease as a percentage of net revenues was primarily driven by reduced advertising expense, primarily in the Pottery Barn and Pottery Barn Teen brands, reductions in other general expenses, and the elimination of all SG&A expenses associated with the Hold Everything brands. These decreases were partially offset by increased cost associated with the growth of the emerging brand.  The effective income tax rate in the second quarter was 40.2% versus 38.4% in the second quarter of fiscal year 2006. This increase was primarily driven by the application of FIN 48 accounting for uncertainty in income taxes, which we implemented on January 29, 2007. The application of this accounting pronouncement resulted in an approximate 160-basis point increase in the effective income tax rate in the second quarter of fiscal year 2007.  I would now like to discuss significant year-over-year working capital balance sheet variances. All comparisons are versus quarter-end balances at the end of the second quarter of 2006, which are included in this morning's press release financial statements. Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the second quarter of 2007 were $58 million, after returning over $260 million to our shareholders, through share repurchases and dividends over the past 12 months. Our consolidated statements of cash growth are included in this morning's press release.  Merchandized inventories at the end of the second quarter of 2007 increased $86 million or 15.1% to $651 million on revenue growth of 4.1%. Of this increase, approximately 30% was driven by the emerging brands in line with sales growth, 20% in the Williams-Sonoma brand due to a year-over-year mix shift towards a higher-end assortment, and 50% in the Pottery Barn and Pottery Barn Kids brands driven by increased core inventory levels, as a result of slower sales growth.  Customer deposits at the end of the second quarter of 2007 increased $26 million to $201 million. This 14.8% increase was driven by a year-over-year increase in customer orders in transit at the end of the second quarter and an increase in unredeemed gift cards. Accounts payable at the end of the second quarter of 2007 was $206 million, up 9.1% from last year. This increase was primarily driven by the timing of payments in merchandising catalog payables at the end of the second quarter.  I would now like to briefly discuss our third quarter and fiscal year 2007 guidance. As a reminder, fiscal year 2007 is a 53-week year. The 53rd week is expected to add approximately 200 to 210 basis points of revenue growth, and 280 to 400 basis points of non-GAAP diluted earnings per share growth, to our fiscal year 2007 results. Conversely, we will see a negative impact of this in 2008. As we look forward to the third quarter and the balance of the year, recognizing that approximately 58% of our full year revenues and 80% of our full year earnings will be generated in that timeframe, we are remaining cautious in our outlook, based on the ongoing softness we have seen in the home-centered retail environment. That said, our guidance for the year has consistently reflected this outlook. Therefore, we are reiterating both our revenue and our diluted earnings per share guidance for the third and fourth quarters. We are however, increasing our full year diluted earnings per share guidance by $0.06, to $1.82 to $1.90 to reflect our better than expected results in the second quarter.  I will now turn the call over to Dave DeMattei to discuss the Williams-Sonoma, Williams-Sonoma Home and West Elm Brands. 
David M. DeMattei - Group President, Williams-Sonoma, Williams-Sonoma Home and West Elm Brands: Thank you Sharon and good morning. I would like to begin this morning by discussing the performance of the Williams-Sonoma brand.  Despite a challenging retail environment, the Williams-Sonoma brand in the second quarter exceeded expectations on both the top and bottom lines across all channels. Net revenues increased 2.2% and the consumer response to our Father's Day and Outdoor themes were strong. We also saw an ongoing improvement in our merchandised margins. In the retail channel, we had a positive 1.1 comparable store sales increase and we continued to be pleased with performance of our re-merchandised small and mid-size stores.  In the direct-to-customer channel, we delivered the second... highest second quarter operating margin in our history, primarily driven by a strong consumer response to our seasonal merchandising strategies, continuing momentum in e-commerce, both in traffic and conversion and the ongoing success of our versioned catalogs. Higher response rates from paid search and electronic direct marketing also contributed to these year-over-year better than expected results. From a brand merchandising perspective, during the quarter, we continued to see strong growth in Cook's Tools, Electrics and Cookware as well as Outdoor merchandise.  As we look forward to the third and fourth quarters, we are doing so with a continued sense of caution, due to the overall softness in the macro-environment. We have however, made significant progress toward our 2007 initiatives and expect to continue to do so in the back half of the year. These initiatives include: leveraging our key vendor partnerships to introduce unique and exclusive products at a broad range of price points; launching the first phase of our website redesign, including expanded product information and How To [ph] videos; expanding our in-store marketing activities, including more interactive technique classes and an updated sales training program for all associates; and introducing new table-top and entertaining assortments to drive increased sales per square foot and an improved bridal experience.  We believe that all of these initiatives will enrich the shopping experience for our customers and advance the brands authority as the destination for high-quality cooking accessories, gift giving ideas and home entertaining essentials.  I would now like to update you on our progress in the Williams-Sonoma Home brand. As you recall, driving superior execution is our top priority and we continue to see ongoing improvements. During the second quarter, we continued to broaden our merchandise assortment, rationalize our catalog circulation strategy, leverage our e-commerce website and accelerate our year-over-year growth in both the retail and direct-to-customer channels. All of these initiatives resulted in a significant year-over-year improvements in the brand's overall performance.  In the retail channel, growth was driven primarily by incremental sales from new stores and an expanded retail merchandise assortment. Within the quarter, we successfully transitioned to a semiannual sales event strategy that allowed us to more effectively clear merchandise and better maintain our premium brand image on the sales floor. In the direct-to-customer channel, we continue to drive brand awareness through page search and build upon the momentum, driven by last year's catalog redesign and the e-commerce website launch in fall of 2006.  From a brand merchandising perspective, we continue to see positive consumer response to the furniture and decorative accessory categories. As we look forward to the back half of the year, we will open one additional store and focus on the following brand-building initiatives: Increasing brand exposure through leveraging the namesake Williams-Sonoma brand, expanding our merchandise assortment to drive greater sales productivity, including the introduction of the Chambers heritage wedding collection and enhancing the holiday gift-giving assortment, including a broader range of price points and an improved visual presentation. We believe all of these initiatives will drive increased sales and improved execution in the back half of the year.  I'll now provide you with an update on West Elm. We continue to be extremely pleased with the performance of the West Elm brand, which significantly exceeded top and bottom line expectations in the second quarter. In the retail channel, revenue growth was primarily driven by incremental sales from new stores and a significantly expanded retail assortment across all stores. In the direct-to-customer channel, year-over-year revenue growth was driven by higher conversion rates and increased catalog circulation. Traffic on our website increased over 15% and our initial test on shipping rate options resulted in an increase in consumer response. We will continue to test additional options in the back half of the year in an effort to drive increased average order size and higher conversion rates.  From a brand merchandizing perspective, we saw strong consumer response to our summer merchandise assortment. Furniture and selected textiles, including new product introductions continue to be key drivers of growth during the quarter. As we look forward to the third quarter and the balance of the year, we are encouraged by the increasing rate of improvement we have seen in the brands performance this year, and are optimistic about the initial consumer response to our fall merchandizing initiatives. We are also extremely encouraged by the overall performance of our stores, including the opening of our first flagship store in Washington DC earlier this month, which opened with record-level sales.  During the back half of the year, we will continue to focus on a number of brand-building initiatives, including launching the private label credit card in the retail channel in the third quarter, followed by the direct-to-customer channel later in the year rolling out a new marketing campaigns setting around people designing style and introducing new merchandise line extensions and expanded holiday gift-giving strategies.  In closing, we believe our unique design-driven merchandise offering is a significant competitive advantage for the West Elm brands. I would now like to turn the call over to Laura to discuss the Pottery Barn brands. 
Laura J. Alber - President: Thank you Dave. Good morning. First, I would like to start with the Pottery Barn brand. Net revenue in the Pottery Barn brand increased 1% in the second quarter, continuing the reversal in trend from negative growth in the back half of positive... back-half of 2006 to positive growth in the first half of 2007. We are particularly pleased with the rebound in the retail channel, which delivered a better than expected comparable store sales increase of 1.8%. In the direct-to-customer channel, growth was negatively impacted by higher back orders and lower shipping revenue.  From a merchandising perspective, we saw strong growth in furniture and textiles. These increases however were offset by continued softness in decorative accessories and tabletops. From an operational perspective during the quarter, we continue to focus on the revitalization strategy for the brands. Our year-to-date results clearly demonstrate that we are working on the right initiatives and we believe the overall strategy represents a significant opportunity for the brand long term.  Our first initiative is to make our products more differentiated and relevant. Today, we have substantially reengineered our product development cycle, including shortening the design window, reducing our sample time and eliminating other risk [ph] administrative processes. All these changes will reduce our time to market, which will ultimately allow us to read seasonal market trends prior to placing next season's orders, in addition to offering our customers new ideas faster than ever before.  Our second initiative is to reintroduce value into the brand, from both a range of price points and the shipping perspective. Today, we have made significant progress on this initiative, including a full review of our product offerings and ongoing changes to our shipping charges. We are seeing positive consumer responses to both of these initiatives.  Our third initiative is to optimize sales productivity in our small and mid-size stores. We are in the process of reworking our first pilot store and will continue to monitor the results as ongoing changes are made.  Our fourth initiative is to refine our catalog circulation and customer contact strategies to drive increased sales and higher catalog productivity. Today, we have performed two tests on versioned catalogs, and the results were positive in both cases. Based on these results, we are expanding our test in the back half of the year and anticipate a further rollout in 2008.  Our final initiative is to address the opportunity we are seeing with brand extensions. To-date we have significantly increased the circulation of our Pottery Barn Outdoor catalog and expanded the assortments in our Pottery Barn Bed and Bath stores. Both of these initiatives have driven increased sales and are proving to be catalysts for new ideas for both the retail and direct-to-customer channels in the future.  As we look forward to the back half of the year, we are remaining cautious in our macro outlook. We are however encouraged by our first half of the year results, and our assortment strategies in the back half. Overall, the consumer response to our new merchandising strategies has been positive. We have a significant number of new product introductions planned for the third and fourth quarters that we are very excited about. While we recognize that our revitalization initiatives are going to take several quarters to fully implement and additional time to analyze, we are very confident in our execution and encouraged by our progress to-date in this difficult macro-environment.  I would now like to talk about Pottery Barn Kids. Although our results for the second quarter in Pottery Barn Kids were better than we expected, it was a difficult quarter. Ongoing macro pressure, challenging year-over-year comparisons and lower shipping revenues negatively impacted top line revenue growth in both channels. During the quarter, net revenues decreased 3.2% versus a 16.8% increase in the second quarter of 2006. In the retail channel, comparable store sales decreased 3.8% versus a record 8.1% increase in the second quarter of 2006.  In the direct-to-customer channel, growth was negatively impacted by higher backorders and lower shipping revenue. From a merchandising perspective, during the quarter, we saw positive growth in decorative accessories and apparels. All other categories were negative, particularly in furniture where we saw high backorders due to vendor quality issues. In the nursery category, these issues will result at the beginning of this quarter.  As we look forward to the balance of the year, we will continue to be cautious in our outlook, but are optimistic about the aspects of the business that we can control. We are excited about the merchandising strategies that we are rolling out in the back half of the year, including significantly expanded back-to-school, holiday including a substantial greater presence in Halloween and increased gift giving. In addition to these top line initiatives like Pottery Barn, we are going to test versioning of our catalog, beginning this quarter. We believe this initiative could drive increased sales in all channels and higher catalog productivity, in addition to enabling us to identify new customers for the brand. Despite the current challenges that we are working to overcome, we believe we are well positioned to successfully carryout our brand-building initiatives and to further established Pottery Barn Kids as the authority in children's homes furnishings.  I will now update you on Pottery Barn Teens. We are extremely pleased with the performance of the Pottery Barn Teens brand in the second quarter. Year-over-year net revenues increased 17.7% and we saw a positive consumer response to both our summer and fall merchandise assortments. From a merchandising perspective, growth was positive in all key categories with particular strength in furniture, textiles and decorative accessories. Increased newness and a relevant on-brand presentation drove these results and continued to attract new customers for the brand.  As we look forward to the third quarter and back half of the year, we are encouraged by the initial consumer response to our fall and back-to-school merchandise assortment. We also have set-up our new product offerings which are innovative and unique, and designed specifically the teen market.  I would now like to open the call for questions.  Question And Answer 
Operator: Thank you. The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions]. And as a reminder callers are only allowed to ask one question today. Once again callers are only allowed to ask one question today. And we will take our first question from Armando Lopez with Morgan Stanley. 
Sharon L. McCollam - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning. 
Armando Lopez - Morgan Stanley Dean Witter: I guess my question on Pottery Barn. If you could maybe talk a little bit about when you see the comp... the 1.8% positive comp like... do you think all of that or most of that is from execution or are you seeing some change in the underlying market? And then also if you could elaborate somewhat on the test store that you guys have been working on, and when you think... how that's proceeding relative to plan and what are you thinking about the rollout? 
Sharon L. McCollam - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you Armando. I am going to ask Laura to please talk about Pottery Barns. 
Laura J. Alber - President: Hi Armando. So as I have been talking about all year, when we saw softness last summer in the Pottery Barn brands, we really put together a big focus strategy to improve our performance. And I went through those key initiatives in my prepared remarks. However... and really all of them contribute to the success that we are seeing in bringing that brand back to positive growth. And it's... I wouldn't say that it's one thing, it's many things done well, and we continue to see that we have lots of opportunity to continue to further those initiatives and adjust them as the market changes.  As far as the test store, we did re-merchandise one store and tried some new fixtures and that has been a very good process for all of us in looking at what the opportunities are. It's been... it's still really early in this initiative and we are looking to as many different stores of different sizes and also of different ages. And we did one store that had an all fixture pack and we are looking to do an additional store this quarter with a newer fixture pack, where we believe we can impact our key businesses that we believe have more growth potential than others, and we are going to do that this quarter rather than going to look at both sets of numbers combined and what kind of strategy for rollout into next year. 
Sharon L. McCollam - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer: And Armando, it relates to your question about how we felt about the macro-environment I think in Howard's prepared remarks, he mentioned that the second quarter was probably one of the more difficult quarters that we have seen. And that we are continuing to be cautious. But there was no question that there was macro-pressure on all of our businesses during the second quarter. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Rex Henderson with Raymond James and Associates. 
Rexford Henderson - Raymond James & Associates: Good morning and thanks for taking my call. 
Sharon L. McCollam - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning Rex. 
Rexford Henderson - Raymond James & Associates: Good morning. Congratulations on a pretty good quarter, surprisingly good. 
Sharon L. McCollam - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you. 
Rexford Henderson - Raymond James & Associates: The questions I have, revolve around Pottery Barn again obviously, and seems to be the topic of the... de jure. And reconciling some of the information you gave us, you had good positive same-store sales in the stores. The catalog was apparently negative and yet, you said the catalog outperforms your expectations and that negative store seemed... catalog results seem to be from shipping fees. So I just kind of... I wondered if you could reconcile for me your feeling that the catalog was relatively good and yet it saved... revenue numbers were down. 
Sharon L. McCollam - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer: I'm going to let Laura speak to the Pottery Barn DTC business. Laura? 
Laura J. Alber - President: Yes, when we look at our catalog business, we're looking at both demand and net. And the demand was positive, but it was offset by higher backorders of the end of the quarter, and lower shipping revenues which is the strategy to bring back value into the brand and then also, of course there's always revenue recognition. 
W. Howard Lester - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Laura, this is Howard. May I just add to that; let's not forget that last year the second quarter was quite a good quarter for us. And we didn't began to really recognize that we had economic issues, until the very tail end of the second quarter last year and entering the third quarter. So those occurred in the third and the fourth quarters, but this quarter was up against a very good quarter a year ago. So, I think the fact that we've been operating in a very difficult economic environment, as I have said this past quarter that we did improve in fact on last year's second quarter, is an accomplishment we are really quite proud of. So, let's not forget what we were up against last year. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Lauren Levitan with Cowen and Company. 
Lauren Levitan - Cowen and Company: Thank you. Good morning. Earlier in the year Sharon, you gave us a sense of the excess inventory from Pottery Barn and Pottery Barn Kids and how much you have been working that down. I am wondering if you could further update us on what that balance is, and your confidence level around where that would be, by the end of this fiscal year, recognizing that obviously that's something you will lead out slowly. And then related to that all, both Dave and Laura may comment on your early reads on fall, given I think most of the major brands... all of the major brands had dropped prior to when we really saw a lot of the concerns in the credit market. I am wondering if you could confirm that those reads flow through the time period that there has been a lot of concerns about the consumer. And if that consumer behavior is at all different from the conservative outlook that you have been modeling for your back half. Thanks very much. 
Sharon L. McCollam - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer: Okay. Lauren just from the perspective of the guidance; I will just say, and then I am going to turn this over to Laura to speak to the drop that went in home, actually about a week or so ago. As it relates to the macro-environment, it was what I said in my prepared remarks, that our guidance has consistently reflected a cautious outlook, and we didn't revise our guidance. So clearly, our perspective going into the back half has not changed from where we were. We are seeing what we thought could possibly occur and that's where we are. And then Laura could you take her question regarding the Pottery Barn books and then I'll come back and take the inventory question. 
Laura J. Alber - President: Sure. I think your question was, what happened... what has happened recently and I'll just say this Lauren; our business is volatile on a regular basis. And we are adjusting based on that and it's too early to really comment on what... we have some drops here, drop going home yesterday, we had a one going last week and it's really early in the life cycle to really comment on any... try to correlate the impact of the credit markets on the drops. But, what we are seeing is... all these trends that we are seeing are reflected in our guidance today. 
Sharon L. McCollam - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer: And then Lauren, as it relates to the inventory; in my prepared remarks, I worked down the components of that $86 million year-over-year increase. And of that, if you did the math, you'd see that about half of that is in the Pottery Barn and Pottery Barn Kids brands. So we have made within... it's all been within our guidance. Here is our strategy. We are... it's core merchandise. We are staying in stock in the products. We believe that our in-stock positions right now are driving our business. So, we will continue to work through that and we are continuing to allow the Open-to-Buy on the new product introductions, so that we don't start the business for the back half. But we just reiterated our guidance for the back half of the year. So there has been no change in how we are expecting our inventory to flow throughout the balance of the year. And we are actually... if you noticed we were actually at the mid range of our guidance in Q2. We were at the 15% that was right in the middle of our range to 13% to 17%, and the reason for that was, we wanted the high end, because Pottery Barn was better than we expected. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Matt Nemer with Thomas Weisel Partners. 
Matt Nemer - Thomas Weisel Partners: Good morning everyone. My first question is, given your focus on in-stocks, can you comment and maybe quantify the impact of the increased orders in transit. And then secondly, can you provide any additional detail on inventory related to your exposure to Outdoor categories? Thanks so much. 
Sharon L. McCollam - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer: Very good. Matt, we don't... we are not going to start quantifying adjustments on revenue recognition and those sorts of things. But what we did say for both the... in the core brands particularly, we did experience higher backorders. We've had very strong demand. I am going to let Laura speak to this because a lot of this is actually across all the Pottery Barn brands and then, the revenue recognition impact year-over-year was negative. We had more orders in transit at the end of the quarter. We have a lot of big drops that come at the end of the quarter, that sales come in and the goods don't get delivered. So second quarter is always a risk from the point of view based on when the books get in home. Laura, could you please speak to his question regarding the Pottery Barn backorders. 
Laura J. Alber - President: Sure. As Howard mentioned in his comments, one of our key operational focus is improving our quality, and we have been working very hard to do that both in the first mile [ph] in the country of origin, where the goods leave and also here domestically. And as a result, we have actually put more quality processes in place overseas to have slower productions with some of our key vendors and we... it is causing us to have more backorders than we have had for a while here. And... but we believe strongly that it's going to pay off, because we need to ship our customers' first quality goods. That's more important than anything else right now. 
Sharon L. McCollam - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer: And then Laura, could you speak to Outdoor, the performance of Outdoor. 
Laura J. Alber - President: I think your question was, whether we have excess inventory related to Outdoor. And we took our... we are able to take our markdowns and they have been effective and I don't see it posing any additional risk to... there is really no risk in terms of the inventory related to Outdoor. It was a... we felt lot more sales come in later actually in the summer than we had anticipated and that really helped us. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jack Murphy with William Blair. 
Jack Murphy - William Blair & Co. : Good morning. Another follow-up on gross margin. You talked that were pretty specific about why gross margin was down and a little bit about why it was better than guidance. But could you just brush out the margin a little bit in the second quarter as to how it was better than guidance. And I think you mentioned some of the brands were as better, but was there anything one large line item off in [ph] rather execution perspective. And then on a related question on the inventory; I think in the past couple of calls, you talked about the inventory levels in the industry. Any concerns there, as it relates to your outlook for the margin? 
Sharon L. McCollam - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer: Jack I'll take those two questions. The first question... I'll answer the last one first. As it relates to the competitive environment, I don't believe that we could say that we have seen any significant change in that. But we believe that, based on the Q1 and Q2 results that our back half of the year guidance clearly reflects the margin expectations that we have in the buy environment we are operating in currently. So we are not concerned about that. As it related to why we did better on the margin in Q2 versus our guidance, we said that we saw very strong performance in the Williams-Sonoma brands. We saw... and it's a selling margin, also in West Elm we had a very good quarter in West Elm, the margins were better. We also saw better margins than we expected from a selling point of view. We're very specific about that in my prepared remarks; from a selling margin point of view in both Pottery Barn and the Pottery Barn brands overall. We actually had a higher selling margins, so that is the actual margins from the sales, not any other items that we've not line them. So those were the key drivers. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Neely Tamminga with Piper Jaffray. 
Neely Tamminga - Piper Jaffray: Hi, Neely Tamminga from Piper. I just want to ask and my congrats also. I think you had fantastic performance on margin and certainly expenses being held in control. So congrats on that. Hey, Sharon or Laura, could you guys talk a little bit about retail, the sales, just pattern in general. You mentioned, I think Dave also mention that, Father's Day was a very good holiday. Did you see a pick up at retail within the quarter, if you were to look at the sales pattern and then relatively for Laura on consumer; is there anything in the category performance at Pottery Barn whether it's bedding, lighting, home, office works etcetera. Is there anything within the category performance or the new initiatives that you guys have had out there with the smart technology, back-to-pre school, parties etcetera, that's giving you a sense of the consumer is just responding newness and that's a positive thing. It's not necessarily that you strapped for cash. Can you just a little bit more insight as to how you are looking at that? 
Sharon L. McCollam - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer: Neely, I am going to take the question about the comps turn. Obviously, you know we don't release monthly comps, but I think it's fair to say that we did see a gradual improvement in retail performance throughout this quarter, as a total company. So that was how it played out from May through July. Laura could you speak to her question about merchandising. 
Laura J. Alber - President: Sure. Without of course giving away too much competitive information, I really want to try to answer your questions, as well as I can. Clearly the customer is more careful with their purchases, they are looking for great value. They expect more from quality and where we have newness and relevant designs, we are seeing improved performance. And where we don't, we are seeing that we need to do better. And so, what that... as I said without going to what exactly is working, the new product innovation is really a key component of the better than expected results. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Janet Kloppenburg with JJK Research. 
Janet Kloppenberg - JJK Research: Good morning everyone and congratulations on the quarter. Just a couple of questions; Laura I heard you say that, the fall and back-to-school response, I think you said 14 was very good. If you said... if you gave an indication on the response for fall back at Pottery Barn. I missed that. So I would love you to give us that, if you'd reiterate what you did say about the first response to the fall assortments at Pottery Barn, I would appreciate that. And also for Sharon, with respect to the core merchandise at... inventory levels at PB and Kids being upward is. Should we expect that core investment to remain at this level for sometime, I guess until we anniversary it, at the end of the first quarter? Or what is the in outlook for the inventory levels in both of those businesses? Should we see it gradually come down? I did note that, you are looking for quarter's... the year-end inventory to be at 9% to 13% and I am wondering, if that is largely reflective of increased inventories in Pottery Barn and Pottery Barn Kids. Thanks very much. 
Sharon L. McCollam - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer: Speaking to the inventory, Janet the year-end inventory increases. I would expect them to play out very similarly, to where we are at the end of Q2. A bigger piece of that increase will come in the Pottery Barn and Pottery Barn Kids brands, because we are going to continue to rationally level these inventories and make sure that we are feeding our business, as we do that. Laura, could you speak to the question regarding the back-to-school and fall strategies for Pottery Barn and Kids. 
Laura J. Alber - President: Sure. Janet its hard to... it's very early to talk about the trends that we believe will carry through the whole fall season, it will be material. But what we do see, is strong response to new product offers and that's very encouraging for us. And we have some significant winners, which is great that we were chasing inventory on. So Teen has had the highest year-over-year growth increase all year and that was really the comment that I made, and that we continue to see that as we go into the back half as well. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Horvers with Bear Stearns. 
Christopher Horvers - Bear Stearns & Company: Thank you and good morning. I am going to take a shot at the guidance question as well. As you think about the first quarter, you'd be by $0.02, should be $0.06 in the second quarter and Howard talked about it being a tough comparison. Sharon you talked about accelerating comps. Progress being made PB, West Elm doing fantastically. Help us think about the back half and why do we shouldn't say well, you are being very conservative, very conservative in your outlook and actually there's some sort of embedded upside going forward? 
Sharon L. McCollam - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer: Chris, when we look at our guidance for the back half of the year and you look at the growth numbers that we delivered in Q1 and Q2, that's talking about the top line for the moment, you can see that on a two year growth rate if you take out the 53rd week, that we basically have consistent year-over-year growth rate on the top line, guided for both Q3 and Q4. It looks more aggressive because of the 53rd week, but when you do it on a 53 to 53, all of the sudden you are back in the 4.5% to 6% range on the guidance. So we still continue to see volatility. We have a perspective on the macro and that we do not think when you have got still almost 60% of your revenue to do in the back half, that isn't appropriate or that we have seen any trend that has been sustainable for a long enough period of time to say that those concerns are no longer there. So, from that point of view that is how we feel about our guidance. 
Operator: We'll take a question from Laura Richardson with BB&T Capital Markets. 
Laura Richardson - BB&T Capital Markets: Thanks. Actually I'd... following up on that guidance question, I'm looking at this from a little different perspective. And to me it looks like the Q3 guidance is very conservative, Q4 less so, even when you take out this extra week. So I was wondering if there were something that I should be aware of like new stores make more money, I mean margin-wise there are contributors in the fourth quarter where there might be drags in other quarters or results you are expecting from any of the new initiatives that will help the fourth quarter margins? 
Sharon L. McCollam - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer: Laura, you are saying... you are not... okay you are not asking for additional perspective on the top line. You have now moved to the bottom line? 
Laura Richardson - BB&T Capital Markets: Yes, exactly Sharon. 
Sharon L. McCollam - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer: Okay. On the bottom line in Q4, you do have higher EPS growth. 
Laura Richardson - BB&T Capital Markets: Right. 
Sharon L. McCollam - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer: If you take out this 53rd week, which I quantified as 280 to 400 basis points of growth, which is basically if you do the math, $0.03 to $0.04 in the fourth quarter. 
Laura Richardson - BB&T Capital Markets: Exactly. 
Sharon L. McCollam - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer: And you have higher EPS growth; now remember what happened in the fourth quarter of last year. We had taken our revenues down from Q3 and Q4 by about a $150 million, to pay I expect to the catalogue circulation was out there. Obviously it came very quickly; we couldn't adjust it quickly this year from a SG&A point of view. We would expect to see substantially better leverage on the ad costs, we had to get through the holiday merchandise; we had deep markdowns. We also had significant pressure from the emerging brands. We have not had any questions on the call today about two of the brightest spots, that we have right now in the company which are the Williams-Sonoma... the Williams-Sonoma performance and the West Elm performance.  And then the improvement in the performance of the Williams-Sonoma Home brands. Those brands put extraordinary pressure, especially Williams-Sonoma Home in Q4 of last year. Remember we impaired two of those stores last year. So as a result of that, we had a big charge and that, of course is not going to recur in 2007. So as you look at it, I understand that it does look a little more aggressive, but I would tell you to please go back and take a look at the Q4 2006 explanations. And you will see that there are lot of things in there that were extraordinary to the macros falling apart so quickly that we couldn't respond to. 
Operator: And we'll take a question from Colin McGranahan with Bernstein. 
Colin McGranahan - Sanford C. Bernstein: Good morning. Just a very quick follow-up on the direct channel revenue. It sounds like the in-transit  impact is really a function of sourcing. But could you quantify just on the overall business, the impact of maybe the in transit and lower shipping revenues as you've changed that in backorder. How much of that... what percentage did that impact the DTC revenue growth in the quarter, just so we can put that in magnitude? And then was there any shift to... purposeful shift of trying to use the catalog to stimulate some retail traffic or was it really just the way that the business fell out in the quarter?  And then just secondly, expenses did obviously a pretty fantastic job. Controlling expenses in a choppy and volatile market and I know, in the call you mentioned some aggressive management of the DC and call centers. How much of that is being sort of structurally sustainable versus in this kind of environment you are really going to tighten the screws a bit?  And then finally, just a very strategic question maybe for Howard on the PB Kids apparel test stores; obviously, I know it's just two stores and it's a test. But according to your own 10-K, you think of yourselves especially retailer products for the Home, and I don't tend to think of children's apparel as a Home product. So what have you heard from customers that gives you the confidence that you can take the brand there? 
Sharon L. McCollam - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer: Howard, why don't you address Colin's question about the apparels strategy and then I'll discuss the other details that he is asking about, when you are finished. 
W. Howard Lester - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, with respect to the apparel, we just... a couple of years ago felt that it matched well with the assortment that we had in the Kids stores and would serve our customers well. It was a small mix that no one else was really doing the job and that we visualized, we wanted to do. And we thought, we would test it because we wanted to get more density into our Kids store and raise the productivity per selling foot in the stores. And we thought it represented an opportunity to do that and one that was not getting us really into the fashion apparel business in a way that we were uncomfortable. And so, that's why we tried and we have had good results with doing it in-store, and that's led us to pass these two stores. So, Laura do you want to add to that? 
Laura J. Alber - President: Sure. I would love to. Our... you are right, our primary focus is to own the Home, but we have a very sizeable children's business now, and really lead the market in the children's business. It's clear from our customers that they see baby clothing as a key part of their registry, and as a great gift to give as well. And yes, the market is pretty a logical to toddler, and they do older children. But no one really focuses on the baby apparel. And with our personalization strengths and the way we merchandize our goods, we think it's a natural augment for our customer. And really that's the reason that we have built it in our stores, and the reason that we are going to test two small stores. And Sharon, do you want to answer the other question? 
Sharon L. McCollam - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. Colin I am going to take the question. When you described our explanation about the SG&A variance, we have to be sure that we are talking about the correct comparison. When we talked about the call canters, the distribution center, etcetera, we were talking versus guidance in my prepared remarks. I believe that your question is from a year-over-year point of view. '06 to '07 we were favorable on SG&A by 40 basis points. That was driven by the reduced advertising expenses, which is basically on a rate basis ad cost leverage in the Pottery Barn and the Pottery Barn Teen brands. In Pottery Barn it was clearly... remember we dropped our fall catalog last year. This is what Howard was referring to, late in the quarter, we started to see our issues with advertising expense. We clearly had no time to adjust because that's when the macros began to significantly affect us.  So, as a result of that we are seeing ad cost leverage. In the PBteen brands, of course that performance leverages a lot of ad costs and we are very confident in the PBteen brand in the back half. Reductions and other general expenses we're very comfortable with. We've done them for the quarter-after-quarter. So we continue to see that happening. And then remember, the other big piece of it was the elimination of all of the expenses associated with Hold Everything. We actually shutdown Hold Everything in Q2 of last year. So, as a result those costs are gone.  So that's how we are thinking about that. As it relates to our direct-to-customer revenue growth, we are not going to be quantifying on an ongoing basis, backorders and revenue recognition in these things. I will say however that it does represent a couple of 100 basis points in that channel of growth, in any point in time when they shift. And it doesn't take a lot to do that. So it's every... and you think about the revenue in that channel of every $4 million is a 100 basis points. So, if we are calling it out, that's for sure that it's something that is important and obviously it adds a little conservatism to our guidance going into Q3 and Q4. Because if we can fill those backorders, of course that revenue will happen and we reiterated our guidance in the back half and didn't take it up. 
Operator: Thank you. That is all the time we have for questions today. I will now turn the call over to Howard Lester for closing comments. 
W. Howard Lester - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well thank you everyone for joining us today for our second quarter earnings conference call. We appreciate your time and support, and we look forward to talking with you next quarter. Have a great day. 
Operator: This does conclude today's teleconference. We thank you for your participation. Have an excellent day.
