===== 2025 Q1  (2025-03-06 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Desiree, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Q1 2025 The Cooper Companies, Inc. earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question during this time, simply press star followed by the number one on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question, again, press the star one. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kim Duncan, VP of Investor Relations and Risk Management. You may begin.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon, and welcome to The Cooper Companies, Inc. first quarter 2025 earnings conference call. During today's call, we will discuss the results and guidance included in the earnings release and then use the remaining time for questions. Our presenters on today's call are Albert White, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Brian Andrews, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements including revenues, EPS, operating income, margins, cash flows, and other financial guidance, expectations and targets, strategic and operational initiatives, market and regulatory conditions and trends, and product launches and demand. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data, or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the captions forward-looking statements in today's earnings release and are described in our SEC filings including The Cooper Companies, Inc.'s Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings, all of which are available on our website at coopercos.com. Also, as a reminder, the non-GAAP financial information we will provide on this is provided as a supplement to our GAAP information. We encourage you to consider our results under GAAP as well as non-GAAP and refer to the reconciliations provided in our earnings release which is available on the Investor Relations section of our website under Quarterly Materials. Should you have any additional questions following the call, please email ir@coopercos.com. And now I will turn the call over to Albert White for his opening remarks.
Albert White: Thank you, Kim, and welcome everyone to today's fiscal Q1 earnings call. We are off to a strong start this year reporting record Q1 revenues and earnings. We met our expectations for revenues and exceeded expectations for margins, earnings, and free cash flow, and this included overcoming the negative impact of currency. We are also outperforming our operational plans at CooperVision and have increased availability and accelerated product launch activity. This includes moving up international launch dates for MyDay Energous, increasing availability of our MyDay multifocal and extended toric ranges, and starting early-stage launch planning for MyDay MySite outside the US. We have also increased our private label availability as that part of our business has started accelerating. We will discuss all this during the call, but let me say we are in excellent shape driven by strong operational execution. Moving to the quarterly numbers, consolidated revenues were $965 million, up 4% year over year and up 5% organically. CooperVision reported quarterly revenues of $646 million, up 4% and up 6% organically. Cooper Surgical posted quarterly revenues of $319 million, up 3% and up 2% organically. Margins improved nicely and non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.92. For CooperVision, the Americas grew 8%, EMEA 6%, and Asia Pac 3%. Within categories, torics and multifocals grew 10% and spheres were up 3%. Within modalities, our daily silicone hydrogel lenses, MyDay, and Clarity grew 9% and our silicone hydrogel FRP lenses, Biofinity and Avera, were up 9%. Our myopia management portfolio grew 20% with MySite up 27%. As we discussed on our last earnings call, the quarter started soft with some channel inventory contraction but quickly returned to normal. The only area that continued to see struggles was China where our business was impacted. Turning to product details and starting with our premium daily silicone hydrogel lenses, MyDay is seeing healthy demand with torics, multifocals, and Energous all performing really well. MyDay Toric continues to see success with our parameter expansion rollout being received extremely well in new markets around the world. And we are also increasing availability in existing accounts where demand remains very high. The fantastic design and toric lens which mirrors Biofinity's design, combined with the widest toric SKU range in the market gives us a great competitive advantage and we believe we have a long runway of success in front of us. MyDay multifocal also had a strong quarter driven by the unique combination of its advanced design paired with an easy fitting system delivering very high satisfaction levels driven by an incredible 98% fit success rate in two pairs or less. That is critical for busy eye care practitioners who want to optimize chair time while capitalizing on the large, lucrative, and growing presbyopia segment of the market. And MyDay Energous continues to grow nicely with ECPs and patients loving its innovative digital boost technology designed specifically for today's digital lifestyle. We will be launching this lens in additional markets soon and believe it will be extremely well received. Wrapping up on MyDay, our investments in capacity expansion are running ahead of schedule allowing us to be more aggressive with all our MyDay activity which is obviously great to see given the strong demand. Turning to our Clarity portfolio, we continue posting nice growth with a very high-quality alternative to MyDay at a lower price point. We are receiving fantastic feedback from customers in the US and Canada on our redesigned Clarity multifocal, and we are launching in APAC later this month with more markets to follow. This upgraded multifocal mirrors the MyDay design providing wearers optimal comfort and vision while giving ECPs confidence they will have the same fitting success they currently enjoy with the MyDay Multifocal. Moving to frequent replacement lenses, Biofinity continues to deliver great results led by the strong performance of our Toric multifocals and industry-leading extended range offerings. Biofinity remains the number one lens in the world with more people wearing it than any other contact lens and the reason is simple. It is an incredibly comfortable lens. It has market-leading technology. It offers more prescription options than any other lens, and it is sold at a great price point. Turning to myopia management. After a soft start to the quarter, we saw a significant pickup in activity particularly in the US. MySite led the way, and we continue forecasting MySite growth of around 40% for the year. Supporting this growth is a recent realignment of our US sales force to double coverage, additional sales resources in key European markets, expanded digital marketing and CRM programs, and increasing activity around key account private label deals. In parallel, we are reinforcing CooperVision's leadership in this category with investments in R&D, and clinical study activity and with advocacy groups supporting the industry's continuing move to making myopia control standard of care. I am also happy to report that our capacity improvements in MyDay have allowed us to start planning for the launch of MyDay MySite outside the US. It will take a little while to get launched, but it is now on the radar. We expect the combination of the market-leading comfort and design of MyDay combined with the technology of MySite to make MyDay MySite a truly exciting entry into this market. Lastly, in this area, we are seeing tremendous growth with Sight Glass in China which is part of our joint venture with Essilor Luxottica. And we are seeing improving traction with OrthoK, which was up 9% globally. For the broader contact lens industry, we forecast market growth of 5% to 7% this year in constant currency with us taking share. This follows last year where the market grew 7% and CooperVision grew 8%. Factors driving the market remain largely the same, including the ongoing trade-up to dailies, growth in torics and multifocals, growth in wearers, improved pricing, and for us, growth in myopia management. To conclude on CooperVision, we received some questions around our private label business. So let me address those. To start, we have not changed our private label strategy. It is around one-third of our revenues, and it is a core part of our long-range strategic growth plan. A few points to note. Contact lens manufacturers produce lenses using different materials and different lens feeds such as lens thickness, size, and design. So you cannot replace them without patients noticing, especially with torics and multifocal. Also for private label, packaging, label, and distribution is more complex as you need tremendous flexibility within your logistics platforms to meet customer demands. And lastly, our private label portfolio is very diverse with a significant number of long-term contracts tied to a wide variety of brands including at times different brands within the same customer. Moving to Cooper Surgical. We reported revenues of $319 million, up 3% or up 2% organically. This was actually slightly ahead of our internal expectations remembering that we implemented an important IT system upgrade in fiscal 2024 which resulted in buy-in activity in Q1 and shipping disruptions in Q2 of last year. This meant a tough comp for Q1, but it is an easier comp for Q2. We also had strong capital equipment sales in fertility in Q4 of last year, which made for a tough quarter sequentially. Regardless, this was all expected and we remain comfortable with our full-year guidance of 4% to 6% organic growth. Moving to the details. Fertility posted quarterly revenues of $120 million, up 1%. This was an unusual quarter for us in terms of revenue growth but it was due to the unique items I mentioned earlier. The important takeaway is that this was a blip and we expect fertility to return to high single-digit to low double-digit growth for the remainder of the year. During the quarter, we saw strong demand for our leading portfolio of innovative products and services, including within consumables, reproductive genetic testing, and donor activity. Our pipeline of planned equipment installations strengthened nicely during the quarter. We are also continuing to see exciting activity with new innovation, including within our reproductive genetic testing business, where our cutting-edge AI-based testing methodologies are advancing efforts at detecting genetic variations at the DNA level in embryos. Our integration activity from prior acquisitions is driving efficiencies such as the recent consolidation of our donor egg and sperm storage into a centralized location. Regarding the broader fertility industry, the global market continues to expand driven by strong underlying macro growth trends. These include women delaying childbirth, improving access to treatment, increasing patient awareness, increasing benefits coverage, and improving technology. The World Health Organization estimates that one in six people worldwide will experience infertility at some point in their lives due to a variety of health factors, so this is a large industry that offers significant long-term growth potential. As a leader in the space, we remain deeply committed to supporting patients and clinics by delivering innovation, launching new products and services, providing extensive clinical training, expanding geographically, and advancing our R&D efforts. Moving to our office in surgical products and services, we posted sales of $199 million, up 4% or up 2% organically. Per my earlier comments, we had a tough comp in Q1, but expect much stronger performance in Q2, and we are already off to a good start. This performance will continue to be driven by strength in targeted minimally invasive gynecologic surgical devices, such as our Ally uterine manipulator portfolio, and within labor and delivery with products such as Fetal Pillow and our cervical ripening glue. We also saw strength in Q1 from PARAGARD, which grew 12%. Although this was primarily tied to channel fill associated with our new single-handed and a price increase. With that, let me conclude by saying that our focus remains on execution, taking share, driving profitability, and delivering on our strategic priorities, including increasing the availability of innovative products, expanding our state-of-the-art manufacturing capacity, optimizing our technology investments, developing and launching new products, and investing in our people. With that, I will turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Andrews: Thank you, Al, and good afternoon, everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to the earnings release for a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. For the first fiscal quarter, consolidated revenues were $965 million, up 4% as reported, up 5% organically. Consolidated gross margin was 68.7%, up from 67.3% driven by efficiency gains. Operating expenses increased 5% to 43.6% of revenues driven largely by commercial and R&D investments, offset by leveraging targeted areas within G&A. From a leverage perspective, we are continuing to see success in several parts of the P&L at both CooperVision and Cooper Surgical as our prior investment activity pays off. This is especially evident in our production and distribution activities, but also in certain support functions. So expect this to continue as we deliver efficiency improvements combining our back-office activity, and leveraging technology. Consolidated operating income was up 6.5%, improving the operating margin to 25.1%. On a constant currency basis, operating income grew a healthy 12%. Below operating income, interest expense was $25.3 million. And the effective tax rate was 14.3%. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.92, up 7.4% or up 14.2% excluding FX, with roughly 201 million average shares outstanding. With respect to FX, it was $0.06 negative for the quarter, $0.02 worse than what was included in our original guidance. Free cash flow was $101 million with CapEx of $89 million. Net debt decreased to $2.44 billion, with our bank-defined leverage ratio reducing to 1.91 times. To summarize fiscal Q1, this was a solid quarter and a good start to the year. We met our internal revenue expectations, delivered margin expansion, and took another step forward with free cash flow generation. Moving to fiscal 2025 guidance. We are holding CooperVision's revenue guidance range unchanged at $2.733 to $2.786 billion, up 6.5% to 8.5% organically and holding Cooper Surgical's revenue guidance range unchanged at $1.347 to $1.372 billion, up 4% to 6% organically. On a consolidated basis, this translates to revenues of $4.08 to $4.158 billion, up roughly 6% to 8% organically. We are raising our non-GAAP EPS guidance range slightly by increasing the bottom end to $3.94 to $4.02, up 7% to 9%, 11% to 13% excluding FX. Within this, we expect a very similar P&L to what we highlighted on our last earnings call with strength in gross margins and targeted OpEx leverage delivering solid earnings growth. We expect free cash flow to be in the range of $350 to $400 million and we will continue prioritizing debt reduction with those proceeds. With that, let me conclude by highlighting a few points. Our investment activity over the past several years is yielding positive results. We have emphasized our commitment to reporting improved financial returns and we are delivering on that with efficiency improvements driving higher gross margins, targeted OpEx leverage, double-digit constant currency, operating income growth, and an increase in our EPS guidance. We still have a lot of work to do, but we are on a great trajectory to continue our momentum and we remain laser-focused on strong execution. This includes leveraging our newly deployed IT systems, delivering efficiency from centralizing and harmonizing our organizational structure, including capitalizing on cross-functional back-office efficiency projects, and simplifying and standardizing our processes and procedures to reduce the need for further headcount. Our focus remains on ensuring all our activity produces strong operational success, earnings growth, and improving free cash flow generation. Now before moving to Q&A, let me make a quick comment on FX. Over the past two days, we have seen the US dollar weaken against most currencies. We did not update our guidance to reflect this move. But if rates hold, it puts us in great shape to reach, if not exceed, the top end of our EPS guidance range. With that, I will hand it back to the operator for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question and answer session. If you have dialed in and would like to ask a question, please press star one on your telephone keypad to raise your hand and join the queue. If you are called upon to ask a question and are listening via speakerphone in your device, please pick up your handset to ensure that your phone is not on mute when asking your question. Again, press star one to join the queue. Our first question comes from the line of Jeffrey Johnson with Baird. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Johnson: Good evening, guys. Can you hear me okay?
Albert White: Yep. Hey, Jeff.
Jeffrey Johnson: Hey, guys. So, Al, I wanted to start just on some of your MyDay commentary. You know, our conversations over the last couple of months maybe have suggested that there are actually some markets you do not have MyDay in. I think that is pretty clear that is Japan, but even some more markets beyond that. As you talk about now some of those MyDay manufacturing constraints coming off, I guess I am wondering, are there markets that you have been out of for six, twelve, eighteen months that you could go back into and it is almost a slam dunk to get some, you know, faster MyDay growth as you go back into those markets. And then I have one follow-up.
Albert White: Yeah. I can probably answer that one very succinctly by saying yes. You are correct. There is demand out there whether it is countries that we are not in right now that we can reenter or go into, and then there are accounts within a number of those countries that are asking for more product, including within private label that I mentioned, that are asking for more product. And us just getting them more product, increasing availability and getting them more product or putting that product into a country or an account where the demand currently exists, should result in some nice sales growth.
Jeffrey Johnson: Okay. Any way you could quantify you are out of markets that account for 5% of your global revenue that other lenses are in, anything like that, number one. And then maybe just you know, you do not talk very often about the private label business but since you brought it up, I thought maybe I would push you there just a little bit. You know, on private label, how has that been growing each of the last couple of years relative to your branded business? Faster, slower, about the same? And, you know, given some of the questions that have been raised with RFPs out there on one of your bigger clients right now on the private label side, would you expect that private label business to grow, you know, similar trend line relative to branded as you would seen in the last couple of years or any changes there on a go forward Thank you.
Albert White: Sure. And MyDay, I will not quantify it other than to say as we are increasing production right now and things are improving and I am seeing product working its way through our channel, it certainly gives me more confidence especially in Q3 and Q4 this year. Right? I mean, we kept our guidance the same for a reason, and we have good reason to hold that guidance where it is based on what we are seeing internally in the topics we just discussed. On private label growth, the last couple of years, it has been growing in line. I would say roughly the same as what our branded business has been growing. We are starting to see or we have started to see a little bit of an acceleration in that part of our market. I would think as I sit here today, if I was a betting man, I would say that our private label business will grow a little bit faster than our branded business, probably for the remainder of this year and it would not surprise me as next year. You know, if customers changed their purchase habits, we have a tendency to see some increases in private label if they are looking for, you know, lower cost or bulk purchase opportunities and so forth. So I would think private label actually strengthens a little bit.
Jeffrey Johnson: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Larry Biegelsen: Hey, Al. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. So, Al, I mean, the question is just asking, you know, Jeff's question maybe it a little bit differently. Maybe just help us understand why your growth was below the peers in the fiscal Q1. You know, maybe you can give us kind of the calendar year growth and maybe you could tell us what January and February did, just a little bit more confidence that you can accelerate the CVI growth, you know, from Q1. And it sounds like Al, sorry for the multipart question, but is it Q3 and Q4 with some of this supply comes online? I mean, how do we think about just a little more color on Q1 you know, relative to your peers and how to think about the acceleration through the rest of the year.
Albert White: Yeah. You know, we spent some time on our last earnings call and through the quarter kind of talking about how we had a soft start to this quarter. Right? And we do not give quarterly guidance, so we did not quantify that. We did. We had kind of a weak end to last year, last couple weeks, and then our fiscal Q1 started slow. And then it started picking back up, and, actually, we had a strong January, and that continued. We had a really good February. So and I am optimistic about how things are moving forward now. I think the market is doing well, and I think we are doing well. I will go back and just kind of confirm comments I made before that we saw some channel inventory reductions that negatively impacted us at the beginning of November. I think we had a couple of competitors running some activity that probably just transferred some inventory holdings in the channel from one party to another party. So to me, whatever. I do not care about that kind of stuff. At the end of the day, when I look at our growth right now in our recent numbers, I am pretty bullish on where things set. I look at the quarterly gating, no reason we are not going to have a good quarter in Q2. I think we will. I think we have got the potential certainly to have better quarters at CooperVision in Q3 and Q4. When I think about the release schedules associated with that MyDay product I am talking about.
Larry Biegelsen: That is very helpful, Al. And just one follow-up. The non-hormonal IUD was recently approved which, you know, I know you have been expecting. What is assumed in the guidance for the competition to PARAGARD? And how do you think about the longer-term impact of a new competitor? Thanks for taking the question.
Albert White: Sure. You know, I think that Perrigo's probably going to be the same as what we said. It will be down a couple percent to up a couple percent this year. We had a good start to the year. We have got some purchase in going with our single hand inserter that we have in the market right now. But before I get too optimistic on that because there is definitely channel fill there, you know, we want to see end-user demand increase. So for this year though, I would say for this fiscal year, yeah, somewhere in that kind of minus two to plus two, something like that. You know, when I look at the competitive product, you are right. It got approved. I mean, at the end of the day, they have a couple of hurdles that they have to get over, you know, that product is used to make a nitinol, which is the same material that was used in Assur, which anyone who knows our space will remember that product. You know, it is less copper, so it is less efficacious. It has a three-year label compared to our ten-year label. So you know, we will see how it goes. I think we are well-positioned. We have got a great PARAGARD team, so we will see how it plays out.
Larry Biegelsen: Super helpful. Thanks, Al.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Block with Stifel. Your line is open.
Jonathan Block: Thanks, guys. Good evening. Brian, I will throw one your way to kick things off. Just gross margin was solid and certainly above our estimate, and you know, curious to anything to call out regarding the sustainability I think I heard PARAGARD of 12%. You know, I believe that is accretive to corporate gross margins, but would just love to get some color on, you know, your thoughts going forward because of course, everyone wanted the margins and now the reps were light. But the margins were really a standout. So in the quarter that is. So any color you can provide there would be helpful.
Brian Andrews: Sure, John. Thanks for the question. Yeah. You know, I would say, you know, the story on gross margins is sort of a continuation of what we talked about last quarter. You know, we are as we have been driving higher production in existing buildings, you know, we are seeing yields increase, but when we put those manufacturing lines, those high-volume manufacturing lines in existing buildings, we get better utilization, better allocation of overhead, absorption, you know, that all results in lower cost per unit. So those efficiency gains we were expecting to play out this year and that those efficiency gains will show up in gross margins year over year, probably every quarter this year, resulting in higher gross margins year over year on an as-reported basis versus last year. I would say what happened in Q1 which resulted in maybe higher margins than what you were thinking, also, it is just kind of was really tied to product mix and regional mix. As we have talked about in the past, you know, when we have strong America's revenue growth against sort of weaker Asia Pac growth, that results in a lift to gross margins. Then, of course, we had a product mix product mix advantages in Q1 with strong Biofinity sales and you referenced PARAGARD, the strong PARAGARD sales. So that probably gave us a bigger lift than maybe what you were thinking, but I would say, yeah, that the story around gross margins is going to be a good one for this year.
Jonathan Block: Okay. Great. That was very helpful. Thanks. And then I will shift gears and maybe essentially ask the same question there. Larry and Jeff did, but for the acceleration in CVI for the balance of this year, you know, against tougher comps, so obviously, the two-year stacks are accelerating even more meaningfully. Is it just this capacity thing getting better or are there any other variables you can point to it? Maybe just attack onto that I think the capacity issues are on MyDay. I believe last call, you talked about the constraints potentially going all the way to the end of, you know, fiscal 2026. And so has that now been pulled forward because you see more of a beat on how the manufacturing has gone over the past several months? Thanks.
Albert White: Sure. Yeah. So much of the contact lens market is driven by upgrades. It is driven by the shift over to daily contact lenses. That is such a material positive. Right? And you see it from us. And from some of our competitors. So in this case, it is almost that simple, which is the demand is definitely out there for MyDay. It is just such a great product. I am wearing it now. I love it. You guys know that. You know, that as we produce more product and get it out to our sales force, they sell it. Regarding 2026, I would say, yes. We have improved the production. We pull some things forward. That would make me more confident in our fiscal 2026 maybe than I even was on our last earnings call.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Issie Kirby with Redburn Atlantic. Your line is open.
Issie Kirby: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to follow-up on myopia with both my questions, actually. Firstly, on Sight Glass, would love a little more color on any sort of detail you can give around in the number of units sold in China, the number of children perhaps you are reaching with those products, and then remind us of the outlook for approval and rollout out. And then just as a follow-up on Sight Glass as well how we should really think about how the JV is flowing through the P&L and the impact on EPS over the next few years. And then I have another follow-up.
Albert White: Sure. A couple of points on that. On the joint venture, just as a reminder, it is a 50/50 joint venture with Essilor Luxottica. We are both very passionate about myopia control. And believe it is going to be a fantastic market and believe it is great for kids, great for society. So, I will speak on both of our halves to say we are excited about it. We are passionate about it. When I look at the joint venture financial impact to us, we recognize that activity as a gain or loss below the operating income line. So it is not recognized in revenue. So that continues to run through our P&L as a loss. Which is fine for me. I mean, we are continuing to invest in the product and launch the product. I have mentioned last quarter, I think, we had launched the product in Spain under MiteEye glasses, and we have it in Canada and a few other markets. So we are continuing to kind of test it in a number of markets. As we move along with launch plans in a greater scale. I am not going to get into too many details when it comes to China because, again, this is a JV. But I will say that, we have seen some I guess, I would call dramatic increases in demand and unit activity in China. So I remain very, very bullish on SGV. It is a great product, great technology, and it is doing really well live in the market.
Issie Kirby: Great. Thank you. And then just to follow-up, I guess, on MySite within China. I think you mentioned China. The declining. Was that really to do with the OK business, or does that include MySite within China as well? And then just broader comments on the demand and the dynamic you are seeing from MySite in China would be great. Thank you.
Albert White: Sure. As a reminder again, for China, for MySite and our OrthoK business, that is through our partnership with Essilor Luxottica. They did a great job. We had a good quarter. We had nice growth in MySite, China. We had nice growth with our OrthoKAY products in China. So we are back on good footing there and certainly moving in the right direction. So I applaud them in the relationship and how well it is going there. That had nothing to do with our myopia management business in China. That was our core business, if you will, the core contact business where we saw the declines.
Issie Kirby: Okay. Great. And just quickly screen to the follow-up. Sorry. The declines in China, is that just tied to broader macro weaker consumer? Just some color, and that would be great.
Albert White: Sure. I think a little bit, but I think it was more specific to us than it was that. I think some of our competitors, I believe, had good quarters in China, and I believe it pushed their numbers up. If I had to look at one of the key deltas, when I look at market share and activity in the quarter, comparing ourselves to our competitors, I will bet you one of the biggest differences by far if you went to that if you got to that level of detail was them having some success in China and us declining. So I think that was more us. It is something some things that we need to fix in and straighten out.
Issie Kirby: Perfect. Thanks so much.
Albert White: Yep.
Operator: Next question from Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Robbie Marcus: Oh, great. Thanks for taking the questions. Two for me. In the script, you said fertility met your expectations but only came in 1% well below the street. How do I think about the size of the capital pull forward? Or if it was really pull forward fourth quarter to first quarter, and if it was expected, how do you get confidence in the return to potentially double-digit growth for the rest of the year. Then I have a follow-up.
Albert White: That is a very fair question. Yeah. We did we definitely had some capital pulled into Q4. I think I have mentioned that on last call, but it was a decent amount of capital that got pulled in. And then we have had a little bit kind of almost get pushed out a little bit if you will. Our capital backlog for installations improved quite a bit during the quarter, and we have good visibility on that as you could imagine. So one, I feel good from that perspective. Two, when I look over the year over year, we definitely had orders pulled into Q1 of last year, and we had a weaker fertility quarter in Q2, which made it a tough comp. So I think when we move into Q2 here, and frankly for the rest of the year, you know, I feel pretty good about fertility. I think fertility is something like fourteen of our last fifteen quarters was double-digit growth or something like that. So to me, this was an anomaly. We have good visibility on that. Our demand for our consumables is strong. Demand for our reproductive genetic testing is strong. Our donor activity is strong. So the team has really got their arms around it. That is why I called it like a blip. It seems like an oddity, but I feel pretty confident that you will see a return to something more normal, at least upper single digits and double digits the rest of the year.
Robbie Marcus: Great. And then on China. APAC is about 20% of CVI sales. How do we think about the size of China there? And what is assumed in the rest of the year for guidance in China? Thanks.
Albert White: Sure. So China would be a little bit less than 5% of our revenues on a consolidated basis. So not huge, but it is an important market for us. It could certainly definitely impact our Asia Pac growth rates when you have a struggle in China, especially when it is down. We have done some stuff there. We have already made some changes. We have some work going. We are making some we are seeing some progress already on that. We have incorporated those challenges into our guidance. It is being more than offset by some strength in some other countries. And by the increasing amount of MyDay capacity that we are releasing back through our channels.
Robbie Marcus: Great. Thank you very much.
Albert White: Yep.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Lichtman with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Steve Lichtman: Thank you. Evening, guys. Al, I was wondering if you could talk to what you are expecting for price in your contact lens business this year. And has some of the softening consumer sentiment created any pushback to date?
Albert White: I would say no change from what we talked about last time. You know, the market is probably on a global basis 2% to 3% somewhere in there. I would say we are in that same range on a net basis, probably more in the mid-upper part of that. Because we took a little bit more price than some of our competitors this year. Have not seen that pushback. I mean, we are continuing to see very strong demand for the premium or the higher-priced products, if you will, the Toric, the multifocals. And then from a segment perspective, still seeing very high demand for our products and our competitors coming on the same when it comes to dailies wanting to wear dailies.
Steve Lichtman: Got it. Thanks. And then, Brian, just wanted to go back to mix of expenses this year. You talked about the strength in gross margin. You also talked about some of the initiatives on MySite. Are those initiatives already embedded in sort of what we saw in the OPEX and the first quarter? Or, you know, should we anticipate that building a little bit? Anything more you could talk about on that front would be helpful. Thanks.
Brian Andrews: Sure, Steve. Thanks for the question. Yeah. I mean, we have talked about leveraging SG&A. You know, we did that last year with our strong OI growth. You know, we will do that. We will continue to see efficiencies within like I talked about earlier, manufacturing packaging and, you know, distribution. We are getting leverage from functional areas within G&A. And but, you know, the strong gross margins will allow us to balance our investment activity. And really ensure that we meet or beat our numbers. So we will continue to see, you know, an ebb and flow as we work.
Steve Lichtman: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Operator: And, again, if you would like to ask a question, press star then the number one on your telephone keypad. We do request for today's session that you please limit to one question and one follow-up. Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch with Citi. Your line is open.
Joanne Wuensch: Good evening, and thank you for taking the question. I will just put them both upfront. I am curious if you have a view on some of the language coming out of Washington as it relates to tariffs. And how you think about that and its impact on your business. And then my second question has to do with the market. As I look at all the participants that have reported so far, including yourself, there seems to be a market growing faster than 5% to 7%. What is the mismatch between lining up everybody's results and those market commentaries market growth commentaries? Thank you.
Albert White: Couple of quick I mean, one I will not go too far into what is coming out of the administration and tariffs. Other than to say it does not really impact us right now. So I will not go down that path because I do not have to. On the market growth, yeah, the market grew 7% last year. As I mentioned, we grew 8%. So I had commented that I think the market will grow 5% to 7%. We will see how that plays out as we go through the year. But the underlying factors that drove that 7% market growth last year are still there. They are still there. The market is still healthy. It is still strong. We are seeing good consumption. We are seeing good demand. We have got good products as an industry that are going into the marketplace. Increasing availability. Replacement schedule against the older products, with newer products. So a lot of good exciting things going in the market. I do not know if the market goes to 7% again. I sure as hell hope it does. But, you know, when I look at it and say, hey, is it going to be somewhere in that 5% to 7%? I think it probably will be.
Joanne Wuensch: Thank you very much.
Albert White: Yeah.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Jason Bednar: Hey. Good evening. Thanks for taking the questions. Al, I wanted to start on the MyDay, MySite reference. You think you commented you are doing early launch planning. I know it is early, but what exactly does this entail? What are the prerequisites or trial work that might be necessary here? And then I also, I know it is very early days, but talk to us a little bit about pricing strategy, if you could. I guess I am wondering typically see silicon hydrogel lenses come with the standard price premium. Is that the right way to think about the approach? Are you off it on what the premium on top of MySite, or would you look to slot this new lens in at your existing price point and use the introduction as a way to make price on MySite more affordable.
Albert White: Yeah. Jason, great questions. It is literally what we are talking about internally right now. There is some regulatory work that we have to do. In different markets to get the product approved and get it into the markets. So that will take us a little bit of time. And then we are working around the strategy. I mean, MyDay has an incredibly strong brand name, so I love MyDay, MySite because it is just it is perfect. Right? It is two leading products, connected together. When I think about pricing, you know, that is something we are working through right now. We need to work through, which is does pricing need to be lower on a more on the more traditional MyDay lens with a higher price MyDay, MySite, or how do we put those together? How do we sell that through private label? How do we sell that through independent practitioners? How do we think about ensuring that children can get this product? I mean, one of the things I remain passionate about is that this is for children and we need to get this product in the hand in the eyes of children and so forth. So if price is a challenge and we could sell more, if we had a lower-priced product, especially a really high-quality one like the existing MySite product, you know, I would be an advocate for that even if it costs us some challenges to getting there. Like, getting this product on kids' eyes, and building this marketplace is really important. So we are continuing to work through that internally, figure out that pricing strategy and so forth. Because at the end of the day, this is a big win. It is just a matter of how we get there. And I can tell you this is a big step. The other thing with MyDay, MySite is it is going to have a toric. And there is a decent percentage of the marketplace right now, maybe it is a third of the kids out there where optometrists are hesitant to fit MyDay because the kid has an astigmatism, we are going to be able to launch a MyDay, MySite Toric, and that is going to be another great entrance in this market.
Jason Bednar: Alright. That is really helpful. Thanks for all that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Wood with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Patrick Wood: Hi, beautiful. Thank you. I will keep it to one. US, target penetration, I would love to like, can you remind us kind of where you think we are up to today in target penetration for those who are asthmatic. And from the market research you guys are doing, it may be a dumb question, but, like, what proportion of those do you think who have not switched to Toric is it because they do not know they are asthmatic, or is it because they are choosing somehow not to for reason or other? Like, what is the marginal slip there if you see what I mean?
Albert White: Yeah. It is a great question, and long answer. Just because when you break that toric market up into its segments and you look at monthly versus dailies and a lot of the daily torics are newer into the marketplace. And then depending upon what markets you are looking at with expanded range of torics and so forth, it gets pretty broad. The other thing about it is that your toric penetration in a market like the US is quite a bit higher than it is in Europe. And then it would be the lowest, generally speaking, in a lot of the Asia Pac markets out there. So it is clearly showing a lot of growth. It is good growth. If you looked at it on a revenue perspective, it used to be running for many years about 25% of revenues coming from Torics. That number continues to move up. I am not sure what it is at now, but 30%, something like that, low thirties. Because doctors are doing a better job identifying patients who have astigmatism and then fitting them correctly. And the old days where it was super difficult to fit someone in a toric and get the right toric and get a stable toric a lot of those days are moving past us. You know, the Biofinity toric is such a great design and such a stable product. And that same design being in MyDay gives you a lens that as a doctor, you are very comfortable fitting. You know you can fit it. You know the visual acuity is going to be strong, and you know the patient is going to walk out the door happy with that product. So without getting into a bunch of crazy numbers, I would say, penetration highest in the US, Americas, mid Europe, low Asia Pac, growing in all areas. And the majority of that growth coming either from daily silicone hydrogels or from Biofinity itself.
Patrick Wood: Love it. Thanks.
Albert White: Yep.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Craig Bijou with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Craig Bijou: Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. A couple follow-ups from me. One, Al, I guess, maybe a follow-up on the cadence of CVI growth through the year. You know, I heard your comments on Q3, Q4. Those are expected to be strong. You have a pretty tough comp in Q2. So maybe just a little bit more expansion on how to think about that growth in each of the quarters, and then I will throw my other one on here. EMEA, 6% growth this quarter. Slightly lower than kind of the double-digit that you guys have been doing the last couple of years. So just want to understand anything with EMEA specifically in Q1 and how to think about that for the rest of the year? Thanks, guys.
Albert White: Sure. Yeah. EMEA has been putting out a good growth here for a little while, just fantastic team over there that is killing it. Got to get over there and see them because it has been a little while since I have been there. I should go there and tip my hat to the level of excellence that that team is delivering. But I would not take anything away from the 6%. I think they are going to put up good numbers and they are going to continue to put up they put up good numbers, they are going to continue to put up good numbers. If I look at CooperVision growth through the year, yeah, I mean, Q2 is going to be a fine quarter. It is a tough comp, but going to be a good quarter. Q3, Q4 have potential to have faster organic growth rates. Maybe the only other rental I would mention is, you know, Brian just ended his script kind of talking about the fact that we did not roll in the improvements from improved FX over the last couple of days. That is a benefit, obviously, to earnings if those rates hold. Would also be a benefit to topline, and that would push those benefits would push more on a forward basis, which would positively impact Q3 and Q4 on an as-reported basis.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Brett Fishbin with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Brett Fishbin: Hey, guys. Thank you very much for fitting in the questions. Just wanted to ask one follow-up on PARAGARD. You know, first time that there has been a new entrance into this market in a really long time. So just curious if you could touch on maybe any changes in strategy you would be considering just given the changing dynamics maybe either around pricing or marketing of the product. Thank you.
Albert White: Yeah. To me, continue to execute. That is what it is about. We have got a killer team there. They do a great job. They know the product. Extremely well. We went through a relatively length FDA approval process to get our new one-hand inserter or single-hand inserter approved. We are putting that product in the market, making sure everyone knows how to use it and so forth. So to me, it is like, no. You do not need to change. We need to keep executing. We need to keep doing what we are doing. We just had a hell of a Q1. Let us keep our heads down and keep executing and drive end-user unit growth on that because that is ultimately what is going to improve that product's performance.
Brett Fishbin: Yeah. And then I will just ask one more follow-up on the same topic. I think you highlighted a couple of the advantages of PARAGARD versus this product. I think you touched on the efficacy and duration. But it feels like, you know, those are definitely good points. But just thinking about, you know, how it is incorporated into the guidance, it feels like still a pretty tight range. Just given how the product has swung positive and negative at times in the past. Maybe just any thoughts on, like, risk to that guidance and, like, how you will be evaluating that going forward? Thanks again.
Albert White: Yeah. I think that the key probably to take away on that is we have all this variability by quarter with that product, which is kind of interesting. You know, last year, I think we grew 2% if I remember right. But the 2% came from some pretty dramatic swings up and down. It will not surprise me if that is similar this year where we get some dramatic swings up and down. But at the end of the day, I think when you look back on it on a full-year basis, it is probably somewhere in that kind of tighter range because, really, that is what it is doing. I mean, when I look at the non-hormonal market from a user or a unit perspective, it is really not doing that much. It is down probably from a unit perspective. So you are getting a little bit of price, and at the end of the day, you will get quarterly fluctuations. But the reality is you will have a product that is relatively flat. You know, hopefully, it is up a little bit.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Young Li with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Young Li: Alright. Great. Thanks for taking my questions. I guess, maybe, I guess, I would like to start you know, fertility was kind of an unusual quarter as you mentioned. The office business space on pumps. But wanted to get your updated views on, you know, continued thoughts on M&A or continued investment in CSR. You know, whether it is geographic expansion or products to expand the back.
Albert White: Yeah. So I would certainly say, we have seen an increase in our R&D within CSI. We are going to continue to work there to develop new products. We are spending some money certainly within fertility and some within our specialty medical device side. In geographic expansion. So I think you will continue to see that that is where our focus is certainly with respect to Cooper Surgical.
Young Li: Okay. Great. And then for the follow-up, just on the BBI spherical growth. You know, 3% organic, Pump was not too bad. It gets tougher. Later in the year. You know, when you factor in upgrade. It looks like, you know, volume I guess just kind of curious, you know, you are expecting the second half to have a big Please. Just wanted to hear about the relative confidence for spherical growth. For the rest of the year and, you know, what sort of driving the cost the second about.
Albert White: Sure. That is a really good question. You know, one of the things that is driving that in the but well, the thing that is driving that is MyDay. Anytime that you are building out a toric expanded range, and we have by far the widest toric range in the market, is you are building a lot of parameters. Right? You are building a lot of SKUs a lot of lenses, and so forth out there. And we have been doing a lot of work on that. So as we accelerate our production right now, we are increasing our production levels on our spheres, and it is going to allow us to get more spheres into the marketplace. So that ends up being the answer. It is MyDay spheres.
Young Li: Alright. Thank you.
Operator: Next question from Chris Pasquale with Nephron Research. Your line is open.
Chris Pasquale: Thanks. One quick financial question, and I had to follow-up on MySite. On the financial side, you mentioned that the recent dollar weakness is not reflected in guidance. You remind us what you are assuming in terms of interest rates and whether any movement by the Fed could also represent some upside. And then on MySite, to get to that 40% goal for the year, growth does need to pick up from here. Is MyDay, MySite part of how you get there, or is that really more of an FY2026 you think 40% is within reach without it?
Albert White: Yeah. I will answer that one quickly. MyDay, MySite would be a fiscal 2026 story, so that is not included in 2025 numbers. That will be an increase in MySite sales based off our existing platform.
Brian Andrews: Chris, I will take the first question. Interest expense or at least the Fed expectations, there is no expectation of any Fed moves later this year. As a reminder, we have a large part of our debt fixed as it is. So, really, a quarter-point move really only has about a half a million dollar impact or so to a quarter. So no, but no. Our interest expense assumptions for the year are largely unchanged.
Chris Pasquale: K. Thanks.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Anthony Petrone with Mizuho.
Anthony Petrone: Thanks. Two quick ones here. One would just be on contact lens inventory trends. Both at the distributor level, but as well as big box retailers looking at Costco here after hours. It is down and one of the things they are talking about is how tariff is kind of impacting what they are going to have on the shelf. And I imagine tariffs were also going to have an impact at the distributor level. You guys have ten distributors on the CVI side. So do you think there is any risk just on a destock or a tighter inventory situation in contact lenses. And then on CSI, you know, just any thoughts on the executive order on IVF. On the one hand, it calls for expanded access. Which is good. But on the other side of the equation, it is calling for, you know, reduced out-of-pocket expenses and lower health care costs. So just thoughts on that executive order. Thanks.
Albert White: Yeah. I think on the IVF side of things, I think that executive order and I will not say just that one because there has been other activity around the world. That is all positive. Continuing to look at pricing on that and what needs to be done in pricing is so forth is an ongoing challenge. I mean, frankly, our products are relatively small portion of the cost associated with fertility. That cost is very heavily driven by the pharma side. But, no, more patients and more support for IVF is a positive. On the channel inventory side of things, there is there could be a little bit of risk of that in spots around the world talking about tighter channel inventory. That could hit people as companies kind of tighten up their hold levels. I will say that for us speaking on behalf of Cooper, a lot of that is set up around contractual obligations where certain minimums need to be met because of the demand of the product and the flow through of the product. So I do not see that certainly as no question, not a significant risk or anything. That does not mean that there are not some fluctuations that could happen on a quarterly basis.
Anthony Petrone: Very good. Thank you.
Albert White: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Navann Ty with BNP Paribas. Your line is open.
Navann Ty: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Can you discuss further your private label contract or any high customer concentration or typical length of contract etcetera. And on PARAGARD, what have you seen since the approval of the low copper IUD that you mentioned? And do you expect less than competitive impact due to the nickel energy?
Albert White: Thank you. Sure. And the private label contracts, I mean, we have a lot of them. And they span in time. Obviously, when you sign them, they are longer and time goes by and they go down, you renegotiate them and extend them. So we have contracts that go out as long as ten years. A lot of contracts that are in the two, three, four, five-year range because both of us are making a commitment on both sides. Right? We are making a commitment to have that product and labeled and produced and so forth and shipped to someone's stores, they are making a commitment around it that they are going to build a brand around it and continue to sell around it. So those are very much partnership type deals, and I would say that there is just a lot of them. It is a very diverse portfolio of products, and it even has multiple brands to the same customer. And numerous examples and different geographic locations and so forth. With PARAGARD, I really do not have too much to add on that. You know, competitive product was approved, and we will see what they do with it. And when they launch it and how they launch it, and they have to go through the full REMS process on that for training. So they will do what they are going to do. In the meantime, we will do what we are going to do on that one.
Navann Ty: Thank you.
Albert White: Yep.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of David Saxon with Needham and Company. Your line is open.
David Saxon: Great. Hey, guys. Good afternoon. Thanks for choosing me in. Just two quick ones. I guess, first on CVI, I think in the script, you mentioned you realigned the sales force in the myopia management part of the business. So, you know, what drove that move? What is changing? And kind of level of confidence you can manage that transition without anything falling through the cracks. And then my second is just a follow-up on PARAGARD. I think a lot of that growth has been driven by pricing. So with this new launch, kind of, you know, everything about your ability to continue to take price and see that product grow? So much.
Albert White: Sure. Well, on PARAGARD, that is a fully reimbursed product. IUDs are fully reimbursed. So that is what it is. I mean, we will see how that plays out in time. We are taking a price increase right now. It is kind of an inflationary plus price increase, but I think you will continue to see that. On the sales force, work that we are doing with respect to Myopia Managed, that work is done. We went ahead and made those moves and adjust to just some of our sales practices there. You remember over the years, I have kind of talked about how we had dedicated salespeople and shifted over to dedicated salespeople and specialists who are able to work on myopia control. And we have just some an amazing team there. I am super happy with that. I am super proud of the myopia management specialists that we have in the marketplace and the education they are doing and travel and the work they do to support that product by reorganizing the sales a little bit to put it more in the hands of our traditional sales force that is really strong. That is just going to benefit that product, and we are already seeing some of that play out here. As I mentioned, we saw acceleration as we went through Q1. So that is one of the things that gives me confidence as I think about us reaching that 40% for the full year.
David Saxon: Great. Thanks so much.
Albert White: Yep.
Operator: That concludes the question and answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to Albert White for closing remarks.
Albert White: Thank you. Thank you, operator, and thank you everyone for taking the time to listen to the call today. There is not really too much to add at this point, so looking forward to continuing to execute this quarter, and I am really looking forward to getting on our earnings call here at the end of the quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2024-12-05 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Abby, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cooper Companies Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And I would now like to turn the conference over to Kim Duncan, Vice President of Investor Relations and Risk Management. You may begin.
Kim Duncan : Good afternoon, and welcome to Cooper Companies fourth quarter and full year 2024 earnings conference call. During today's call, we will discuss the results and guidance included in the earnings release and then use the remaining time for questions. Our presenters on today's call are Al White, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Andrews, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements, including revenues, EPS, interest expense, operating income, tax rate, FX and other financial guidance and expectations, strategic and operational initiatives, expectations for collaborations and acquisitions, market and economic trends and product launches and demand. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward-Looking Statements in today's earnings release that are described in our SEC filings, including Cooper's Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings, all of which are available on our website at coopercos.com. Also, as a reminder, the non-GAAP financial information we will provide on this call is provided as a supplement to our GAAP information. We encourage you to consider our results under GAAP as well as non-GAAP and refer to the reconciliations provided in our earnings release, which is available on the Investor Relations section of our website under quarterly materials. Should you have any additional questions following the call, please email ir@coopercos.com. And now I'll turn the call over to Al for his opening remarks.
Albert White : Thank you, Kim, and welcome, everyone, to today's earnings call. I'd like to start by congratulating our employees on a fantastic fiscal 2024. This was a tremendous year with all-time record revenues of $3.9 billion, including both CooperVision and CooperSurgical reporting record revenues. Within this, Q4 also closed with record revenues and improving margins that drove record non-GAAP quarterly earnings. We've now entered fiscal 2025 with a focus on taking share, driving profitability and executing on our strategic priorities, including increasing the availability of our innovative products, expanding our state-of-the-art manufacturing capacity, optimizing our technology investments, developing and launching new products and investing in our people. Before getting into the details, let me provide some high-level comments on Q4 and fiscal 2025. For Q4, CooperVision had a solid quarter, led by strength in silicone hydrogel dailies and our full suite of torics and multifocals, with the main offset being unexpected softness at the end of the quarter. CooperSurgical also had a solid Q4, led by double-digit growth in fertility, offset by a greater decline in PARAGARD than expected. Our Q4 -- I'm sorry, our P&L improved with prior investment activity driving margin improvements and strong earnings growth. Moving into fiscal 2025, we forecast the contact lens market growing 5% to 7% in constant currency with us taking share growing 6.5% to 8.5%. Price should offset inflation, supporting around 1/3 of the growth, with the rest coming from a variety of items, including the ongoing trade-up to dailies growth in torics and multifocals, growth in wearers and, for us, growth in myopia management. For CooperSurgical, we expect organic growth in the mid-single digits with fertility reporting high single-digit growth and the remainder of the business posting low single-digit growth. Moving to Q4 details. Consolidated revenues were $1.018 billion, up 10% year-over-year or up 7% organically. CooperVision reported quarterly revenues of $676 million, up 9% or 8% organically, led by strength throughout our market-leading product portfolio. CooperSurgical posted quarterly revenues of $342 million, up 12% or up 5% organically, including fertility taking significant share growing 15% or 13% organically. Non-GAAP earnings per share grew 19% to $1.04. For CooperVision, we extended our position as the #1 contact lens company in the world in terms of wearers with our new fit data remaining very healthy. We also gained share on a revenue basis, driven by strength in dailies, torics and multifocals with the Americas growing 6%, EMEA, 11% and Asia Pac, 7%. Within categories, torics and multifocals grew 9% and spheres grew 7%. Within modalities, our daily silicone hydrogel lenses, MyDay and clariti grew 14% and our silicone hydrogel FRP lenses Biofinity and Avaira grew 8%, and our myopia management business grew 7% with MiSight up 24%. Turning to daily silicone hydrogel lenses, we posted another great quarter. MyDay, our premium daily silicone hydrogel lens led the way with strong growth across its full portfolio of spheres, torics and multifocals. In particular, MyDay Energys drove growth in the U.S., and we look forward to that trend continuing. MyDay Energys offers an innovative digital boost technology designed specifically for today's digital lifestyle and patients love it. Meanwhile, our MyDay toric parameter expansion across North America and Europe is performing nicely with its market-leading design and industry-leading SKU range. And our MyDay multifocal continues to do well with its unique combination of an advanced design, paired with an easy fitting system that has resulted in very high satisfaction levels including a 98% fit success rate in two pairs or less. For all these products, the future remains bright as demand is strong and improving capacity will allow us to expand availability. Moving to clariti. We had another solid quarter. These lenses are known for their comfort, easy handling and affordability and this is resulting in strength in fitting new wearers and upgrading legacy hydrogel wearers. We've also seen momentum with the launch of our upgraded multifocal, which brings our highly successful MyDay multifocal design into the clariti material. This lens is being received well in the U.S., and we'll be launching it around the rest of the world during this year. Speaking from personal experience, both of these multifocals are terrific products. If you're presbyopic and not wearing multifocal contact lenses yet, you're missing out. For me, I didn't need any visual correction until I got into my 50s, and then it hit me. Getting clear crisp vision without reaching for reading glasses has been a game changer. So I'm really happy that we now offer several outstanding multifocals to choose from. Moving to our frequent replacement silicone hydrogel lenses. Biofinity and Avaira had another strong quarter in Q4. We continue to see consistent growth from both of these franchises and our innovative manufacturing platforms and market-leading lens designs have created an effective moat, especially with respect to extended ranges and made-to-order products. We expect this performance to continue given our momentum. Moving to myopia management. MiSight fitting activity remained strong in the quarter, and October was our second highest revenue month ever, benefiting from back-to-school momentum. That being said, U.S. inventory contraction in October depressed results. Regardless, given the positive fitting trends that we're seeing around the world, we remain comfortable that MiSight will grow around 40% in fiscal 2025, similar to what it did this year. Regarding activity, we just concluded national media campaigns in the U.S. and targeted Asia Pacific markets educating parents about myopia and the benefits of proactive treatment. These campaigns were very successful and resulted in a significant number of children being fit in MiSight. We also showcased our global scientific leadership and extensive clinical evidence at the 2024 International Myopia Conference in China and at our annual Asia Pacific myopia management symposium in Korea, partnering with the Korean Association of Pediatric Ophthalmology to deliver insights on gold standard clinical interventions. In the U.S., our myopia collective partnership with the American Optometric Association continues to gain momentum, creating considerable visibility through media interviews, seminars and presentations at conferences. Moving to CooperSurgical. We reported revenues of $342 million, up 12% or up 5% organically. Within this, fertility posted quarterly revenues of $139 million, up 15% or up 13% organically. Fertility continues to be driven by our leading portfolio of innovative products and services, including consumables, capital equipment, reproductive genetic testing and donor activity and we're continuing to drive our portfolio forward with innovation. This was highlighted at the recent American Society of Reproductive Medicine Conference, which featured meetings and presentations on our leading genomics capabilities. As the forefront fertility company offering genetic testing build on statistical machine learning and artificial intelligence methods, we were excited to present updates to our suite of tests being developed that will detect variations in the DNA at an embryo level, providing further insights to improve the likelihood of having a healthy baby. We also announced a groundbreaking collaboration with ASRM and the Society for Reproductive biologists and technologists for a newly formed clinical embryology learning lab, a first of its kind national training program to support the growing need for more highly trained professionals in the fertility space. Regarding the broader fertility industry, the global market continues to expand, driven by strong underlying macro growth trends. These include women delaying childbirth, improving access to treatment increasing patient awareness, increasing benefits coverage and improving technology. The World Health Organization estimates that one in six people worldwide will experience infertility at some point in their lives due to a variety of health factors. So this is a large industry that offers significant long-term growth potential. As a leader in the space, we remain deeply committed to supporting patients and clinics by driving innovation, improving access to care and addressing the critical global challenges of declining birth rates. Our focus on offering the most advanced solutions is continuing into 2025, where we'll be launching new products and services, providing extensive clinical training, expanding geographically and advancing our R&D efforts. Moving to office and surgical. We posted sales of $203 million, up 11% year-over-year, driven by the successful strategic acquisitions of certain Cook Medical assets at the beginning of the year and more recently, obp Surgical. Excluding these deals, office and surgical sales were flat organically. Our medical devices delivered solid growth led by our minimally invasive gynecological surgical devices such as our Ally Uterine manipulator portfolio in our labor and delivery portfolio of products but this was offset by a 10% decline in PARAGARD, which was weaker than expected as we continue to feel the pressure from other birth control options. To wrap up on CooperSurgical, we had some challenges this year with the Q2 upgrade of our U.S. IT system, but that system is now stable and puts us in a much better position to continue our great growth trajectory. With our diversified portfolio of products and services, we expect solid revenue growth and margin improvements this coming year as we launch new products, leverage prior investment activity and reap the benefits of successful integration work. Before I turn the call over to Brian, let me say this was a great year for Cooper. We reported record revenues and made significant advancements throughout our organization, investing in capacity expansion, operational improvements and employee development. As we enter fiscal 2025, we're continuing to execute on our long-range strategic objectives and looking forward to reporting another strong year. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Andrews : Thank you, Al, and good afternoon, everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to our earnings release for a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. For the fourth fiscal quarter, consolidated revenues were $1.018 billion, up 10% as reported and up 7% organically. Consolidated gross margin was 66.9%, up from 66.7% driven primarily by price and efficiency gains, offset by the negative impact of currency. Operating expenses were managed well up only 6.8% and reducing to 41.1% of revenues. We're continuing to see leverage at both CooperVision and CooperSurgical as our prior investment activity pays off. Consolidated operating income was up 16.2%, improving the margin to 25.9%, led by strong SG&A leverage. Below operating income, interest expense was $25.6 million and the effective tax rate was lower than expected at 11.8% due to stock option exercises. Non-GAAP EPS was $1.04, with roughly 201 million average shares outstanding. With respect to FX, it was $0.02 negative for the quarter as expected in our Q4 guidance. Free cash flow was $128 million with CapEx of $140 million. Net debt decreased to $2.48 billion with our bank-defined leverage ratio dropping to 1.94x. Regarding full year results, we delivered record revenues of $3.9 billion, up 8% and up 8% organically. This included 9% organic revenue growth at CooperVision, which was at the high end of our initial guidance range and 5% for CooperSurgical, which was at the middle of our initial guidance range. This was an excellent year with particular strength in daily silicone hydrogels and fertility. Within the P&L, we continued our momentum, delivering stronger gross margins and leveraging our SG&A investments. Gross margin improved 60 basis points, SG&A improved by 90 basis points and operating margin expanded 130 basis points. Operating income grew 19% in constant currency, which exceeded the top end of our initial guidance of 13% to 16%, and EPS grew 15%, which hit the top end of our initial guidance of 12% to 15%. We've talked about our commitment to driving efficiency gains and EPS growth and we delivered in 2024. Moving to fiscal 2025 guidance for CooperVision. The revenue guidance range is $2.733 billion to $2.786 billion, up 6.5% to 8.5% organically and for CooperSurgical, the range is $1.347 billion to $1.372 billion, up 4% to 6% organically. On a consolidated basis, this translates to revenues of $4.08 million to $4.158 billion, up roughly 6% to 8% organically. Moving down the P&L. We closed this past fiscal year strong from a production perspective and expect this to translate to improving gross margins, which should help deliver roughly 10% to 12% constant currency operating income growth, which matches our guidance commentary from our last earnings call. Assuming no interest rate changes by the Fed, we expect interest expense to be roughly $90 million, with improving free cash flow being prioritized to reduce debt. We expect the full year effective tax rate to be slightly over 15% and expect non-GAAP EPS in the range of $3.92 to $4.02. For currency, we're expecting a headwind of roughly 1.5% to revenues and roughly 4% to earnings. With that, let me conclude by saying that we met or exceeded the expectations we set for fiscal 2024, and we'll work hard to do that again in fiscal 2025. We're in a great position from a revenue perspective with market leading products and improving capacity and we expect strong operational performance as we remain focused on delivering a more leveraged P&L. This includes gross margin expansion from higher production levels, price increases and cost reduction projects, helping to drive operating margin expansion. Within this, we'll still invest balancing our financial objectives with support for new product launches and expanding our leadership positions in myopia management and fertility. And now I will hand it back to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Craig Bijou with Bank of America.
Craig Bijou : I wanted to start with the comment on unexpected softness at the end of the quarter and hoping that you can provide a little bit more color on that. And -- is that -- and maybe just a clarification of where that softness was from a geographic perspective as well?
Albert White : Sure, Craig. Yes, because we were running along with a pretty good quarter and had some softness at kind of mid-October to end the year. And frankly, carrying over into the beginning of November here. We saw some softness in the U.S. market, no doubt. It's a little hard to put your finger on whether that was coming from something with the hurricanes or some other activity, but saw some softness here. And then there were a few other pockets around the world where we saw some softness like China as an example. As I mentioned, it kind of has worked its way into November for a little bit but then it kind of stopped and we've seen things move back to normal here. So kind of like a month of softness there, which was unexpected.
Craig Bijou : Okay. That's helpful. And maybe if I could follow up on the CVI guide. So the last two years, you've guided 7% to 9%. Obviously, it's 6.5% to 8.5% this year; you're 50 basis points less. I think your market expectations are still -- I think you said it was 5% to 7% for next year and I think that's what you said last year as well. So, maybe just a little bit more color on the lower guide. What's reflected in that? Any concern about the level of share you can take. Just want to understand kind of the dynamics of the slightly lower guide than what you've done previously?
Albert White : Sure. Yes, I wouldn't read too much into that from the perspective of comparing to prior years. Like to me, I think we're going to continue to grow faster than the market. The 5% to 7% when I look at it is a little bit slower. I think that I was thinking at least for last year, we came in a little bit higher. This current year, the market grew 5% in the first calendar quarter and then 7% and then 7%. We'll see how it plays out going forward for us. And when I look at our growth guidance, the 6.5% to 8.5%, I think is a fair way to start the year. We're still in a situation where demand for MyDay exceeds our manufacturing capacity. So we're bringing new lines on. We're advancing that. We're doing well in those efforts and so forth, but we're not able to meet all the demand that we have right now. So that would be one of the things that would kind of hold us back just a little bit. I think we're going to continue to make -- I know we're going to continue to make advancements, bring on lines and so forth on. It will position us well as we move through this year and certainly as we think about fiscal '26 and '27.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo.
Larry Biegelsen : Maybe first question on PARAGARD, the 10% decline in Q4 and the pressure you talked about. Talk about -- a little bit more color on that and what you're assuming for fiscal '25 from a growth standpoint for PARAGARD and a competition standpoint? And I had one follow-up.
Albert White : Yes. So PARAGARD grew 2% for the year, which was probably pretty similar to what we were thinking at the end of the day. We came in softer than I was thinking we were going to down 10% in this quarter. I think when you look at the market right now and you look at competitive products out there, we're going to continue to see pressure in PARAGARD from a unit perspective. And I've talked about that for a while now. And I think we're going to continue to see that next year. Now each individual quarter will bounce around a little bit like it does for PARAGARD. So I think when I look at fiscal '25, it's going to be down a little bit too maybe up a little bit. We haven't heard anything new on the competitive side of things. So, if a competitive product does get approved, it will depend when and how it launches and so forth. But I think to think about PARAGARD in that kind of down a little bit to up a little bit range for fiscal '25 is probably the best way to think about it.
LarryBiegelsen : That's helpful. And Brian, any color on cadence of sales and margins in fiscal '25. And any color on Q1.
Brian Andrews : Thanks for the question. Honestly, I really wouldn't highlight much of anything. I mean you follow us really closely, and you know all about the seasonality of Q1 and Q2 tend to be lighter than Q3 and Q4. So I would just think about 2025 and modeling '25 kind of similar to the way you've seen it in the past.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Johnson with Baird.
Jeffrey Johnson : Al, maybe I just want to confirm the lightness in the market, softness in the market that you were seeing in October into the first couple of weeks of November. Is that different than the MiSight inventory reduction? And assuming those are factors, any way to quantify how much that MiSight inventory reduction weighed on F Q4 and then just kind of what drove that channel correction there?
Albert White : Yes. So MiSight would have been pretty similar to its normal growth rates without that. So I think what we ended up seeing was some buy-in in fiscal Q3 and you saw some of that kind of level itself out in fiscal Q4, meaning kind of like Q3 wasn't quite as strong as we thought. Q4 is clearly not quite as weak as we thought. Then, the marketplace itself, I think -- being different than that, you're right. The marketplace itself was -- it wasn't dramatic, right? Like I don't want to act like there was some big all of a sudden thing, but it was softer oddly enough than we saw. Now we see that every once in a while. It usually doesn't happen where it impacts the quarter where I talk about it, but it did this quarter for a little bit in a couple of markets. So -- but again, I mean, it happened and it ran through a little bit and we've kind of seen things return back to normal here. So I think it feels like that was just a little blip for some reason. And maybe that was even kind of inventory or something where some people were tightening some things down. But there's nothing that indicates that there's any continuation of that.
Jeffrey Johnson : Okay. No, that's fair. And then I guess just pushing a little bit on that kind of comment there about the end market and what have you. If I look at J&J and Bausch, they both put up kind of double-digit U.S. growth in their calendar third quarter, and I know it's not a perfect overlap, and they didn't have October in there, obviously. But look, I think the U.S. market is getting a little bit more competitive or there's just lots of new products coming out from a lot of good manufacturers in that. So how to think about, I guess, the 6.5 to 8.5 that you're guiding to your confidence level on being above market in 2025. And how important is it that you maintain -- are you managing the business to beat the market by a couple of hundred basis points or if the market is a good market, you're just trying to -- if you're a point or 2 above it, that's good enough?
Albert White : Yes. I think a couple of points on that, and all fair points. Good question, right. If I look at calendar Q3, in calendar Q3, we grew 9% and the market grew 7%. So when I look at it by calendar quarter, I didn't really see much of a difference in performance against our competitors. But when you roll October and you drop a month, pick up a month, right, for our fiscal and you get the impact of October, like that's where you start to see a little bit of a difference. Now obviously, I don't know what our competitors did in October. And so we'll be able to comment on that at a later date. But no, I think that there are some good competitive products that are entering the market. But at the end of the day, we're going to continue to take share. We're going to grow a little bit faster than the market. I don't see that change. And then some of that will be because of our myopia management or MiSight franchise and some of that will be because of what's happening in the dailies space with MyDay. I do think that -- we're not trying to hit like some particular number, and we wouldn't take any strange like short-term moves or anything in order to try to drive market share gains. I mean I think we're going to have a good market, and I think we'll grow faster than the market. I mean my gut tells me we're probably being a little conservative when we talk about 5% to 7% to the market, when I look at what the market is doing right now and I look at price increases and so forth. And then my gut tells me we're probably a little conservative on our guidance. But beginning of the year, right, prudent to set expectations at an appropriate range.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jon Block with Stifel.
Jon Block : I'll start on MyDay. And Al, just any color on when you think that supply will sort of get back to where it needs to be. I just feel like that might be taking a little bit longer than anticipated. And just to tackle on to that, would you point to that as sort of the sole culprit to the more modest APAC numbers that we saw in fiscal '24, that growth rate was steadily right around 13%, 14% in '21, '22, '23, sort of cut in half? Or would you point to any changes to the competitive landscape in APAC as well? And then I just had a follow-up.
Albert White : Sure. Yes, APAC is definitely tied to my day. There's no question about that. That would be a region -- probably out of the three regions, that's the one most negatively impacted by not having sufficient MyDay capacity. So I think as capacity improves, you'll see the Asia Pac region strengthen there. We're going to continue to add capacity there. We continue to be challenged, to be honest with you, by new fit data. So we're continuing to see strong new fit activity in MyDay and we keep adding capacity. I think we're investing enough right now, and you can see it in our CapEx numbers that we're catching up, and we're going to be in a good spot as we work through this year and into next year, catching up by adding capacity and being able to meet the demand out there. But it's a journey, right? Because this isn't an industry where you can order a line and get it the next day. It can still take 1.5 years or something to get a line in and have ordered it in for full production. So that's what's taking time.
Jon Block : Okay. Helpful. And then maybe just as a follow-up, I'll stick to CVI. The delta from like torics and multifocals, I think that was up 9%. And overall CVI was up 7%. So both certainly healthy numbers, but it's sort of one of the tightest spreads that I can remember between the two, call it the specialty and overall CVI. So is there anything on the toric and multifocal competitive landscape, new entrants or anything there that you'd point to that changes dynamic?
Albert White : Not too much. Multifocal's strong, no doubt about that. I think if we broke those out, you'd be like, okay, that's the one that makes sense to me. Torics may be a little bit in just that we're trying to build some inventory and so forth with respect to MyDay to get some additional product out in the marketplace in some different locations. So I wouldn't take too much out of that. That's more us than it is the marketplace.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan.
Robbie Marcus : Wanted to ask on the P&L for '25. And I know you've been talking a lot about a focus on reported margins and we saw that play out in fiscal '24, particularly in fourth quarter here with nice margin upside. How should we be thinking about gross margin and operating margin in '25? I know you said improving gross margin and 10% to 12% operating income growth. How do we translate that into hard reported numbers for 25? And then I have a follow-up.
Brian Andrews : Robbie, yes, I'll take that. Yes. I mean I'd say -- we are executing at a high level. We're seeing leverage from the investments that we've been putting into the business, paying off. You saw that play out in '24. I think as I sit here today, I'm probably a bit more confident today than I was a year ago that we would see gross margin expansion. We're raising prices. We're getting better freight costs that help out our intercompany shipping but the productivity and the successes that we're driving within manufacturing, I've got a lot of confidence we're going to see gross margin expansion this year. So that will drive those efficiencies. And I think our ability to leverage the P&L and also balance out our investment activity, while also being committed to operating margin expansion that 10% to 12% constant currency OI growth, we're committed to that. And so the investments we want to make sure we invest in this business to drive future growth and get future returns. So it will be a bit of a balance this year, but certainly, we've got shots on goal to drive leverage in 2025.
Robbie Marcus : And any color on the reported numbers, how we think about gross and operating margins on a reported basis?
Brian Andrews : Well, unfortunately, FX from where we were three months ago to today has turned kind of in the other direction. But even with the guidance that we've given, as reported operating margins are going to be up year-over-year implied based on what -- the guidance that we shared today.
Robbie Marcus : Okay. And then as a follow-up, I think at this point, it's anyone's guess as to what will actually happen with the incoming administration and tariffs. I know you have a lot of manufacturing plants outside of the U.S. Maybe just help us understand your exposure should there be tariffs put in place? And how much of your product is manufactured outside the U.S. and sold inside the U.S.?
Brian Andrews : Yes. I mean it's hard -- I don't want to speculate on what happens with the administration change. But based on the news that's out there and it seems like there's a lot of concern about companies that are manufacturing in places like China, Mexico and Canada and happy to report that we have no manufacturing in any of those countries. So we've got manufacturing in a number of different places, and they serve different markets around the world. But without sort of knowing what the new administration says and how it's going to come down, it's really hard to speculate.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Chris Pasquale with Nephron.
Chris Pasquale : Al, I was hoping you could just comment on the sustainability of the pricing environment you're seeing in contact lenses. Inflation is not quite where it was pre-pandemic but it's come down. And it feels like the improved pricing environment is sticking. So as you look at FY '25, are you confident that, that trend will continue?
Albert White : Yes. I think that we're in a market right now where the contact lens industry will offset the impact of inflation. So, we'll see where our competitors come out with our price increases. But if we look at inflation being somewhere around 2.5%, 3%, something like that I think you'll see pricing offset that. So my belief is we'll see that this year, and frankly, where pricing is and where products are and so forth, I think you probably have a pretty good chance that you'll see that kind of pricing next year. I won't speculate too much on the future, but depending upon where inflation is, I think the industry itself is now at a position where it will pass along those inflationary pressures.
Chris Pasquale : That's helpful. And I just want to make sure as we're thinking about the contribution from acquired revenue, particularly before it sort of becomes part of the organic base. I think we've lapped cook now, so that should be done. But are we right in thinking you guys have about $25 million in annualized revenue from the more recent deals that will be coming out over the next few quarters? And then maybe just talk a little bit about the M&A environment that you see heading into FY'25. Do you expect to continue to be active?
Albert White : Yes. I mean that number -- that $25 million is pretty close to right. I mean we had obp, which grew really nice. It was up like 30% or something like that since we bought it. And ZyMot has been up nicely. I think maybe that's 10%, 11% or something since we bought that. So, a couple of smaller deals but performing really well. I would say right now, for us, the environment is really quiet. It's really quiet. So we did a couple of good deals there. It's worked out really well for us. We're continuing to integrate those. We have to finish some integration activity we have out there, continue to perform on those deals. If other deals come along, so be it. And if they don't, then that's okay, too. Right now, it's pretty quiet.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler.
Jason Bednar : Al, as we contemplate the revenue softness that we were discussing earlier, you did institute a price increase that took effect, I think, November 1. Can you talk about when you communicated those price increases? I guess I just thought I saw the communication maybe didn't come out as early as normal, which maybe would have limited some of that pre-buying activity that normally occurs in October. So maybe I'm totally off base, but just trying to understand to what extent price increases influenced or didn't influence contact lens buying activity in your fourth quarter.
Albert White : Jason, that's a good question. I asked that same question, right? Because the price increases that we put in place go in kind of throughout the first quarter around the world. So different geographies at different times and different amounts by products and so forth. So it's pretty hard to triangulate back and say, it was due to this or it was due to that. But I think that's a fair question as to whether there was an impact because of some of the price increases, especially since the timing was slightly different than it was last year.
Jason Bednar : Okay. All right. That's helpful. You mentioned a couple of things at the outset just kind of in your very first part of your prepared remarks, manufacturing capacity, launching new products. Maybe on that latter piece, if you could help us out what's on the docket? What's coming out of the pipeline here over the next 12 to 18 months that we can look for? Because as Jeff noted, your competition has -- seems like picked up the pace on their own respective launches.
Albert White : Yes. And I think that the 1 thing they're going to do and that we're going to do is continue to get products pushed out, if you will around the world. So when you think about things like MyDay Energys, which has been a really nice success for us here in the U.S., we'd love to get that product launched in additional markets and have it around the world. I think we'll get there. We'll be able to do that. When I look at MyDay toric, the expanded range, love to get that in more markets and increase availability by a multifocal, love to get that in a few more markets, increase availability. So when I look at almost anything associated with MyDay, I mean even includes spheres, right? Like, I mean, that's what you're going to see more of. So it might sound like the same old, same old because we've talked about MyDay for a little while. But we still have products that we got -- we have to get out into the marketplace around the world. And I think you'll see something similar from our competitors, right? If you listen to them and they're saying, we've got some product launch. We need to continue to get those products out around the world. So I think we're all probably in a pretty similar boat right now. But I feel good that our products have proven to be very successful products. And as we launch them and increase availability that we're going to get a good return from that.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Issie Kirby with Redburn Atlantic.
Issie Kirby : First one on the vision piece. One of your competitors coming out with a seven day wear lens in 2025. Just wanted to get your thoughts on that category and any risks you potentially see to your SRT portfolio.
Albert White : Yes. So very early on that. I haven't seen any reaction in the market yet. I think that that's probably more targeted kind of the two week market. We don't really play in the two week market. I mean we're dailies and monthlies, which is where the majority of the market is. But there still is a two week market. You see it certainly here in the U.S. So at the end of the day, we'll see how that seven day lens plays out. I'm not quite sure how it will play out, but I do think that it will be much more linked to those wearers who are two week wearers and people who use contact lens solutions.
Issie Kirby : Okay. Great. And on fertility and the growth side, I mean, can you just comment on exactly perhaps give some color on what's really supporting the outperformance there, the share gains and what you're also seeing in the market, again, particularly with some of the commentary that's been made by the incoming administration.
Albert White: Sure. It's interesting when you look at the incoming administration, they've made a number of comments, Trump has about being very positive about IVF and reimbursement associated with IVF. So it seems like a lot of people have asked us questions or have asked me questions about that from a negative angle, like it's the new administration is bad. From everything I've seen and that we're hearing in the marketplace, I would argue that is actually going to be positive for the industry. So we'll see how that one plays out. I mean we had strength this quarter from a number of different areas in fertility. Our consumables were good with products like media and so forth. Our genomics was good. I mentioned some of the new tests we have coming out. So that part of our business was good. Our donor activity that we had acquired back from the old Generated acquisition that was good. We are probably a little bit stronger than usual this quarter with some of our capital equipment. And I've mentioned in the past how sometimes you'll see quarters be a little stronger or a little bit weaker depending upon capital equipment. This would have been a quarter that was lifted up because of capital equipment activity. So it was pretty much across the board. It's just a really good sound quarter by the fertility team.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Steve Lichtman with Oppenheimer.
Steve Lichtman : A couple of questions on the financial side. First on free cash flow as we look into FY'25, CapEx obviously moved up in this past year and put a little bit of pressure on free cash flow conversion. How should we be thinking about that into FY'25? Will you see any relief on CapEx or given the supply commentary we've talked about today will be pretty steady?
Brian Andrews : Thanks for the question. Yes, the CapEx came in just a little bit higher than we anticipated. We talked last year about how free cash flow is going to be around $300 million, we ended up around just under that. And then CapEx is around $420 million. So I would probably steer people towards really thinking about CapEx on a percentage basis. So if you think about CapEx as a percentage of revenue being around 11%, that's probably a good place to think sort of where CapEx will land in 2025. I talked about in my prepared remarks how free cash flow is going to be driving higher from somewhere in the neighborhood of $350 million to $400 million. I think that's going to come from some combination of revenues and operational improvements, working capital improvement. Interest expense will be a little bit better but FX and taxes and then that CapEx driving a bit higher, somewhere in the neighborhood of $450 million is going to be sort of your puts and takes that gets you free cash flow higher next year. So certainly, capacity expansion drives future growth, and we're investing in the business to ensure that we capitalize on the opportunities.
Steve Lichtman : Okay. Great. And then just a follow-up on FX. Obviously, as you mentioned, dynamic here. One, where will we see some of that headwind? Will it be on gross margin again on a reported basis; and two, anything first half, second half on that front in terms of when -- where the flow-through of that headwind will show up?
Brian Andrews : Yes. I guess I would just say FX is kind of hitting us relatively evenly through the quarters. I mentioned 1.5% headwind to revenues and 4% headwind to EPS. So I think on the EPS side, you're kind of looking at it sort of fairly consistent from quarter-to-quarter.
Steve Lichtman : And primarily in the gross margin side is where we'll see it?
Brian Andrews : Yes. I mean cost of goods hasn't impacted quite so much, but certainly to revenues, you'll see it.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Brett Fishbin with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Brett Fishbin : A lot of good ones already asked. So I'll just ask a question on my side. I think you mentioned 40% growth expectation for FY'25. And I was just curious how you're thinking about the contribution from the U.S. versus some of the international markets? And then maybe just as a follow-up to that any more color on how you've seen the momentum progress in areas such as being in the U.K. and Korea for MiSight?
Albert White : Yes. Good question. So some of the areas out there, like Korea is an example. We've been very successful with MiSight. And we're trying to take a lot of those learnings and put them in other markets. The U.K. is another market where we're gaining some real traction there as we start working with some of the bigger key accounts in the U.K. and in Europe. I think at the end of the day, when I look at the U.S. and the other one, I think all the markets are going to drive MiSight forward. We grew about 40% this year. The number is bigger but I still think we'll grow 40%, something like that next year. And I think you'll end up seeing it driven by markets around the world. The one thing that could drive that higher that I continue to watch is the uptake by some of the bigger key accounts and some of the bigger retailers that are out there. That activity I've talked about it in the past has definitely started, it's definitely gaining traction. So we're getting some good positive movement there. So I'm optimistic that we'll be able to be north of 40% this year. But we'll see how that plays out, and we'll see what markets move a little bit faster in that direction. But I think Europe will definitely be one of them. And Asia Pac should be pretty good, too.
Brett Fishbin : All right. Super helpful color. And then just one follow-up. You've talked a bunch in recent quarters about MyDay Energys as well as Biofinity Energys supporting growth for their respective product families. Just curious if you can comment a little bit directionally how sizable the Energys product lines have become just thinking about the CVI business as a whole?
Albert White : Yes. Well, I guess, for competitive reasons, I won't get into the size of them, but I will say that they're doing well. And certainly, MyDay Energys is doing well. I highlighted that one as a product is pulling a lot of growth forward. Yes, that's a true innovation, right? It's a very unique product for us. I think people sometimes have a tendency to forget some of the innovation that we deliver to the market, whether it is something like MiSight or Energys. But yes, I'll steer clear of giving numbers, but I will say it's becoming more material.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Navann Ty with BNP Paribas.
Navann Ty : I had a follow-up on the greater erosion in PARAGARD. So is that in anticipation of that new competitor? Or is PARAGARD losing share versus organisms in plants? And also does the 2025 guidance, including the low double-digit operating income growth assume the entry of that new low copper IUD? And then also on fertility, if you could discuss the trends across the government. I know you touched base on the U.S., also the corporate fertility benefits and the competitive landscape that supports the high single-digit growth going forward.
Albert White : Sure. Couple of points there. On the fertility market, I think the fertility market will grow nicely again this year. I mean, the piece that we play in, if you will, the medical device broadly defined piece. I'll be surprised if we don't see mid-single-digit growth there, maybe a little bit above mid-single-digit growth. We've been seeing pretty good growth in the industry for a while now. There's great underlying growth characteristics. I mean you touched on some of them when you look at insurance reimbursement. And there are some countries that are getting more focused on reimbursement for fertility. So the trends there are positive. So I think the industry-wide growth being mid-single digits, a good solid mid-single digits is probably going to be in place for a number of years. And that's why I always talk about us kind of being in upper single digits. And we clearly posted double-digit quarters, and we can continue to post that. But I think that's a good, solid, healthy market with a lot of good underlying macro growth trends. When I look at PARAGARD in the IUD space, I mean, PARAGARD is still the only non-hormonal IUD on the market, so it has the full market share here in the U.S. The competitive product has not been approved. I don't know when that's going to get approved. I don't have any details on that. So I would say the performance of PARAGARD has had nothing to do with that. I do think that some of the other products that are out there, some of the competitive products that are out there and they're hormonal products, but some of the products out there are doing a little bit better and maybe taking a little bit of share from IUDs in general, I think. I'm not sure we're doing worse than the IUD market, but the IUD market is a little bit softer, I believe, from a unit basis. And that's probably due to some of the other competitive products that have entered the marketplace.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Young Li with Jefferies.
Young Li : I guess to start I wanted to ask about the health of the consumer in key regions worldwide. You have a sizable private label business, so a wide range of pricing. Any incremental changes with the consumer price sensitivity daily adoption, trade-ups, trade downs and private label growth.
Albert White : Certainly -- nothing to highlight there. I mean we're continuing to get nice growth and similar growth in our branded products as we are our store brand products that are in the marketplace. You're seeing kind of the continued strength in the monthlies space, which is a little bit less expensive. But you're also seeing the continued growth in multifocals and in the dailies space where we were in the teens again. So pretty consistent performance from our portfolio, not seeing a lot of change from consumer behavior right now. And I mean, this quarter, calendar quarter grew 7%, last calendar quarter grew 7%. So not a lot of change from consumer fitting activity and consumer wearing habits.
Young Li : Okay. Very helpful. For my follow-up, just on the supply-demand dynamics. You made a lot of investments in the past two years, doubling CapEx and are seeing some of the excess capacity coming online. Where do you think the competitors are in terms of ramping up their own supply? How much more manufacturing capacity is still needed to sort of balance demand as an industry? Any risk for overcapacity as their capacity comes online in addition to yours?
Albert White : I don't believe so. I believe everybody is investing right now because of the shift to dailies. So as wearers move to dailies, we have  we as an industry, obviously, CooperVision, we have to produce a lot more lenses. Producing a lot more lenses, obviously, is taking more machinery, more time. It creates more challenges throughout your logistics. So I think the shift over to dailies is going to continue for many, many years in front of us and that's going to require a lot of capital from a lot of people. Now, we've kind of had this ball going, and I think we probably have it again in '25 before it starts coming down some because we've had some facility expansion and so forth in addition to the line. So we're putting ourselves into a lot better position here with more flexibility in our manufacturing lines and kind of a little bit of a different mindset around some of our expansion activity. So I think we're in a better spot here to position ourselves for kind of 2026, '27, '28. But at the end of the day, I think as long as the market shift into dailies, you're going to have to continue to add capacity. And I think the industry is and will for a while to be catching up. Because, again, the point I made earlier is well worth remembering, right? Like when you order a manufacturing line, it's going to take you a year or two years from the time you're ordering that to getting it in and fully producing product to put it into the marketplace. So it's not a fast solution.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Anthony Petrone with Mizuho.
Anthony Petrone : Maybe one on CVI and one on MiSight. Al just on CVI, SiHy daily torics in particular, silicone hydrogel daily torics are margin accretive to the business. SiHy as a material within dailies has been growing. But maybe just to recap on where your SiHy daily mix is overall? And how much of that can shift to toric over time? And what would that mean for margins? And then I have one quick follow-up on MiSight.
Albert White : Yes, Anthony. That's a good question. There's a lot to that one. You kind of peeled that onion back, right? Because -- when you're talking about a sphere wearer, making a sphere and getting a sphere throughout your logistics system and your distribution and into the marketplace pretty straightforward. As somebody has astigmatism and gets fit in a toric, the toric range is considerably larger, right? I mean, we're the #1 company in the world in terms of selling toric lenses out there. We know how complex it is. And as you do those expanded ranges it increases the complexity. I mentioned earlier how we're trying to build up some inventory on that to be able to launch that a little bit more aggressively in a couple of spots and get some more fitting sets out there. So that's a dynamic that I could probably talk about for a couple of hours. I'll kind of try to summarize it quickly by just saying that we are seeing nice growth in torics, you are seeing opticians fit -- recognize, if you will and correctly fit patients who have astigmatisms in toric. It's a great product for us. It's got good margins. We're going to continue to see it grow. So I'll kind of pause there just because that's a little bit of a hard one to answer. It's a good question but it's a hard one to answer. And I do think because of the price point, you're going to continue to see torics grow faster than the overall market for ourselves and our competitors. I'll be surprised at you're not hearing for years, almost every competitor getting on and talking about strength in torics driving their contact lens numbers higher.
Anthony Petrone : That's helpful. And really just quick on MiSight side. You mentioned a little bit on an inventory contraction. So you had strong back-to-school fits. But then in October, you had inventory contraction. So anything there? Or is that do you think that's just going to be the seasonal pattern?
Albert White : Yes. I think that's just seasonal pattern tied to distributors. I mean, we have seen distributors around the world tightened some of their inventory up. We've kind of seen people generally tighten up inventory just a little bit, right, as everybody is looking at cash and interest expense and so forth. So to me, that's just a matter of a fairly high-growth product where you have distributors managing their inventory. And I think you'll see some fluctuations higher and lower on MiSight because of that. And I think we'll probably deal with that a little bit as we move through next year. And I'll just try to really be transparent on that, that if it's helping growth, kind of highlighting that a little bit, and in a quarter like this when we kind of pull the growth numbers down a little bit, mentioning it.
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the conference back over to Mr. Al White for closing remarks.
Albert White: So great. Well, thank you, everyone. As Brian summarized with the numbers, and I said, fiscal '24 was a really good year. We closed strong, and we feel good about where we're at today. And we're confident we're going to be able to produce really strong results in fiscal '25. And we're obviously going to do what we always try to do, which is outperform the guidance that we give. So I look forward to catching up with everybody through the quarter and when we report our next quarter. Thank you. Thank you, operator.
Operator: You're welcome. And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's call and we thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-08-29 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. My name is Pam, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the third quarter 2024 Cooper Companies Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Kim Duncan, VP of Investor Relations and Risk Management. You may begin.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon, and welcome to Cooper Companies Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. During today's call, we will discuss the results and guidance included in the earnings release and then use the remaining time for questions. Our presenters on today's call are Al White, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Andrews, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements, including revenues, EPS, interest expense, operating income, tax rate, FX and other financial guidance and expectations strategic and operational initiatives, expectations for recent acquisitions, market and regulatory conditions and trends and product launches and demand. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or precise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption forward-looking Statements in today's earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including Cooper's Form 10-K, and Form 10-Q filings, all of which are available on our website at coopercos.com. Also, as a reminder, the non-GAAP financial information we will provide on this call is provided as a supplement to our GAAP information. We encourage you to consider our results under GAAP as well as non-GAAP and refer to the reconciliations provided in our earnings release, which is available on the Investor Relations section of our website under quarterly materials. Should you have any additional questions following the call, please e-mail ir@cooperco.com. And now I'll turn the call over to Al for his opening remarks.
Albert White: Thank you, Kim, and welcome, everyone, to today's earnings call. I'd like to start by congratulating our 15,000-plus employees for delivering Cooper's first ever billion-dollar revenue quarter. We couldn't have reached this milestone without the hard work and dedication of our amazing employees. So a big thank you to the entire Cooper team. I'm also proud to announce that both CooperVision and CooperSurgical reported record revenues and that margins improved nicely, driving double-digit earnings growth and record non-GAAP quarterly earnings. This performance highlights the strength of our business as our multiyear growth strategy to become a leader in the daily contact lens space and a leader in the global fertility industry moves into a stage of healthy revenue growth combined with leverage through the P&L. To expand on that, at CooperVision, we've taken our highly successful monthly lens strategy, built on innovation and flexibility and taking it to the daily space, where we're expanding the segment and gaining share. At CooperSurgical, we've expanded our global fertility capabilities while continuing to provide clinics with premium products and services that support every step of the fertility journey. And in both cases, we crafted our portfolios to expand our customers' businesses and improve patient outcomes. We've accomplished this by strategically investing throughout the organization, including installing state-of-the-art manufacturing capabilities, implementing technological advancements in packaging and distribution, developing and launching numerous new products, completing significant IT upgrades and providing extensive employee training. This activity is paying off, and I'm proud of our success and excited about what the future holds. Moving to the details and reporting all percentages on an organic basis, consolidated quarterly revenues were slightly over $1 billion, up 8% year-over-year. CooperVision posted record quarterly revenues of $676 million, up 10%, led by strength throughout our broad-based product portfolio. And CooperSurgical posted record quarterly revenues of $327 million, up 5%, including fertility returning to double-digit growth. Non-GAAP earnings per share grew 14% to $0.96. For CooperVision, we continue to be the most innovative company in the $10 billion-plus contact lens industry with the broadest portfolio of lenses, the only FDA-approved product for Myopia control, arguably the most active product launch schedule and a fantastic R&D pipeline. This has led to the consistency of our results and is why CooperVision is the number one contact lens company in the world in terms of wearers. For the third quarter, we once again took share with the Americas growing 13%, EMEA 7% and Asia PAC, 7%. Within categories, torics and multifocals grew 12% and spheres grew 8%. Within modalities, our daily silicone hydrogel lenses, MyDay and clarity grew 13%, and our silicone hydrogel FRP lenses Biofinity and Avaira grew 11% and our Myopia management portfolio posted growth of 29%, with MiSight up 50%. All in, a very nice quarter against a tough comp from last year. Turning to products and starting with our high-performing daily portfolio, we continue to see strong growth and healthy momentum with MyDay in every category: spheres, torics and multifocals. In particular, we're seeing extremely strong growth in our most innovative product areas led by MyDay Energys with its DigitalBoost technology with our industry-leading toric range and with our easy-to-fit multifocals, which as everyone knows, is a personal favorite of mine. This product family has been extremely well received by eye care practitioners and customers and we have more upside to our growth as we continue bringing manufacturing capacity online to meet the significant demand. This is particularly true of our market-leading toric where there is considerable new wearer opportunity, along with upgrade potential given the decade-plus success of Biofinity toric, which shares the same design. Moving to our mass market daily silicone hydrogel product family clariti. I'm excited to report that we recently launched an upgraded clariti multifocal in the U.S. this past quarter. The lens design matches our MyDay multifocal design, featuring next-generation enhancements that provide better vision and comfort for presbyopic patients as well as an easy bidding experience for eye care professionals. The clariti family as a whole is known for its comfort, easy handling and affordability and patients appreciate the price point where we're continuing to successfully upgrade legacy hydrogel wearers. Moving to frequent replacement silicone hydrogel lenses, both Biofinity and Avaira continue performing exceptionally well. For Biofinity, we're seeing nice growth across the entire portfolio with Biofinity Energys and our made-to-order products such as extended range torics and toric multifocals leading the way. These lenses are made using some of our most innovative manufacturing technologies, and this allows us to provide the widest range of prescriptions in the market, something that is especially important in fitting patients with the most complex vision needs. Turning to Myopia management. MiSight posted record quarterly revenues across all regions, and our momentum is strong. We're in the middle of our U.S. back-to-school campaign and early results indicate we'll see a significant increase in consumption through the end of this year. And we've taken the learnings from our successful U.S. programs, and we're running similar programs in other key markets such as Spain, the U.K. and Korea. We're incredibly proud of the number of children's lives were meaningfully impacting through the growing adoption of MiSight and we continue to demonstrate leadership in driving global awareness of Myopia management, working closely with the entire global optical industry to expand usage and establish it as standard of care. In this spirit, in July, at the World Congress of Pediatric Ophthalmology, the CooperVision professional affairs team showcased long duration of MiSight Science, which now spans 10 years. With multiple additional studies underway in the U.S. and China, MiSight is the most thoroughly research contact lens for children and the clinical data is excellent. We will showcase more data this quarter at the upcoming International Myopia Conference in China as well as in Korea, at our Asia Pacific Myopia management Symposium, which has become a premier annual event for practitioners and researchers across the region. To conclude on CooperVision, the contact lens market grew roughly 7% in calendar Q2 with Cooper continuing to take share up 10%. The market remains very healthy, and that should continue, supported by several long-term macro growth trends. And within this, we're leading with innovation, our broad product portfolio, ongoing product launches, strength in premium products, fast-growing myopia management business and leading new fit data. Moving to CooperSurgical. We posted record quarterly revenues of $327 million, up 5%. Within this, fertility sales were $129 million, up 10%. Fertility continues to be a great business for us and the future is bright as we're taking share and expanding our leadership position globally. Our broad portfolio of products and services, including consumables, capital equipment, reproductive genetic testing and donor activity continues to lead the market and we're investing by launching new products, accelerating innovation in R&D, opening new donor sites, providing extensive training in our centers of excellence and expanding geographically. Our focus on delivering the most advanced fertility solutions remains unmatched, and our dedication to improving fertility outcomes for patients remains a guiding principle. Meanwhile, we're seeing strong demand in our focused markets with fertility clinics increasing patient activity, upgrading to new technologies and opening and expanding facilities in several markets. Regarding current activity, we just have one of the busiest global fertility events we've ever had at a large European conference in July. Excitement was high for the industry and for our products and services. In particular, there was a lot of excitement around our new culture and transfer media, which just launched in Europe around our new Fast Track genomics testing, which is now launched globally, and around embryo options, our premier cryo management software, which recently launched in targeted European countries. Regarding the broader fertility industry, the macro trends supporting growth remain intact, with the World Health Organization highlighting that one in six people globally will be affected by infertility at some point in their lives due to a variety of factors, including women delaying childbirth. As a leader in the space, we remain incredibly committed to advancing the industry by standing in support of patients and clinics and improving access to treatment on a global basis. Moving to office and surgical, we posted sales of $198 million, up 2%. Medical Devices grew nicely, led by our minimally evasive gynecological surgical products, including our Ally Uterine manipulator portfolio and our labor and delivery portfolio led by Fetal Pillow, a balloon device used in C-sections to elevate the fetal head and facilitate ease of delivery of the baby. Stem cell storage had a solid quarter and PARAGARD slightly declined as expected after last quarter's strong results. One quick note on PARAGARD, we recently received approval for a new single-handed inserter, which makes placing the IUD easier, and we are now in the process of launching this improvement. With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Andrews: Thank you, Al, and good afternoon, everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to our earnings release for a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. For our third fiscal quarter, consolidated revenues were $1.003 billion, up 8% as reported and up 8% organically. Consolidated gross margin was 66.6%, up from 66.1% last year, driven by continuing efficiency gains and product mix, offset by FX. Operating expenses showed leverage growing slower than sales as efficiency gains from prior investment activities continue to offer positive returns within SG&A. Meanwhile, R&D grew faster than sales as we maintain our R&D activity in several exciting areas, including myopia management and fertility. Consolidated operating margin improved nicely, up to 25.5% from 23.9% last year, led by improved gross margins and SG&A leverage. Below operating income, interest expense was $27.1 million, and the effective tax rate was 16.6% higher than expected mainly due to the geographic mix in income. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.96, up 14% year-over-year with roughly 201 million average shares outstanding. Free cash flow was $118 million with CapEx of $89 million. Net debt decreased to $2.5 billion. Foreign exchange negatively impacted earnings by $0.05 in the quarter, $0.01 better than expected, helping to offset the higher effective tax rate. To summarize fiscal Q3, CooperVision reported double-digit organic revenue growth against last year's tough 13% comp, fertility returned to double-digit growth, and we passed the $1 billion threshold in quarterly revenues for the first time. Gross and operating margins both improved nicely year-over-year, even against currency headwinds. And this resulted in a very strong operational quarter that delivered solid double-digit earnings growth. Before moving to guidance, let me mention two tuck-in acquisitions. The first is ZyMot, which closed in June. This deal adds a first of its kind patented sperm separation device that helps optimize fertility procedures. The company had roughly $9.5 million in trailing 12-month revenue and the purchase price was approximately $34 million. The second deal is obp Surgical, which closed on August 1. This deal adds both a lighted retractor with an integrated smoke evacuation system and a lighted surgical suction device. The company had trailing 12-month revenues of roughly $14.5 million and a purchase price was approximately $100 million. Both deals are accretive to consolidated revenue growth rates, margins and non-GAAP earnings. Moving to fiscal 2024 guidance. We are increasing our consolidated revenue and earnings per share guidance on our third quarter results and expectations for continuing operational strength. For the full fiscal year, this results in consolidated revenues of $3.89 billion to $3.91 billion, up 8% to 8.5% organically. For CooperVision, the guidance range is $2.61 billion to $2.62 billion, up 9% to 9.5% organically. And for CooperSurgical, the range is $1.286 billion to $1.294 billion, up 5.5% to 6.5% organically. We expect interest expense of roughly $109 million which assumes no interest rate changes by the Fed for the remainder of our fiscal year. We expect the full year effective tax rate to be slightly over 14%, assuming no additional discrete items. And we expect non-GAAP EPS in the range of $3.64 to $3.67, up 14% to 15%. Built within this guidance is our fiscal Q4 expectations, including CooperVision growing 8% to 10% organically, CooperSurgical growing 6% to 8% organically and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.98 to $1.01. Regarding fiscal 2025, we'll provide specific guidance in December on our Q4 earnings call, but let me say that we remain focused on delivering strong operational performance and low double-digit constant currency operating income growth. To conclude, let me briefly touch on where we are in our strategic journey from a financial perspective. As we've discussed on prior calls, we've spent considerable time and money positioning our business for higher, long-term sustainable organic revenue growth. This has meant significant investments throughout the company, and we're now seeing that activity pay off with strong revenue growth and leverage through the P&L. We expect this to continue and to lead to improving free cash flow as operating cash flow improves and CapEx moderates. With that, I will hand it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson of Baird. Please go ahead.
Jeff Johnson: Hey, guys. Thanks. Good evening. Sorry, I was on mute there. So two quick questions. I guess, Al, you kind of talked about that 10% growth you did in the quarter, sorry, the 7% contact lens market growth and the 10% you did in calendar 2Q. What are you seeing from an end market perspective? There's been some chatter over the last maybe few weeks, a couple of months about -- has rebate activity gone up? Has it not gone up? Has end markets softened a little bit with the consumer? It sure seems from the numbers we're seeing from all the companies that the market is holding in well. But I just -- maybe your state of the market, U.S. and globally would be helpful here on the contact lens side. Thanks.
Albert White: Yes, sure. The state of the market is holding up really well. There's a little bit of noise every once in a while that we'll hear, right, you mentioned it with rebates, which is U.S. consumer rebates, relatively small in the grand scheme of things. But if we look at the market, whether it's the U.S. or we look on a global basis, it remains really healthy, and you're continuing to see growth in a lot of the more mid- and higher-end products in torics and multifocals and some of the more premium products within those segments. So yes, I would just say maybe a little bit of noise here and there, but on a U.S. basis and a global basis, still pretty healthy market.
Jeff Johnson: All right. That's helpful. And then just on the return to double-digit fertility growth, late last year, you had a culture media recall, should we assume, with you back to double-digit growth there and you're calling out culture media as one of the growth drivers that there's no kind of lingering impact, any bad will that built up in any of these fertility centers there, anything? And do we need to think about any kind of big dollar potential litigation risk? Or is this all kind of normal course of business that companies have to deal with at times? Thanks.
Albert White: Yes. I would say on the litigation side, we're working through that. We have insurance to cover that. And yes, it's something that we'll work through as other companies work through similar situations. I think that, that event that you're referencing happened kind of back in the December time frame and rolled a little bit in the beginning of this year. But our fertility team is fantastic, and they've done a great job and the message that they deliver and the message they believe in is that we are going to do what's best for our patients. And we're going to do what's best for our customers. And we put our heart behind that. And I think the team did just a fantastic job going out and talking to people, being open, honest and transparent and so forth and working through the issue to get back on good footing, and that's what you're seeing. That's why we're back to double-digit growth here.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your next question comes from the line of Jon Block of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Jon Block: Great, guys. Thanks. Good afternoon. Maybe on the first one, in the Americas CVI to your stack growth was notably strong, I think one of the strongest in a good couple of years and -- just anything to call out to frame that? Is that a function of increasing capacity with some lenses and that going into the Americas? And then maybe if you can just use that as an opportunity to remind us of where you are with the overall capacity initiative relative to maybe where your expectations were six or nine months ago?
Albert White: Sure. Yes, it was an excellent quarter. When you think about last year, I think we were at 13%. So on a two-year stack basis, definitely a strong quarter. You are seeing some of what you referenced, John, which is we've got some capacity coming online and that's putting us in a position to be able to meet demand. As we sit here today, demand is still greater than supply, if you will, with -- and I would say that's especially true with MyDay and some parts of the MyDay portfolio. And it's a little bit of a limiter in terms of our ability to meet the demand in locations and also a little bit of a restrictor and our ability to be able to launch some of the activity we want around the world. So that makes me optimistic about the future, certainly, as we continue to bring capacity on and expand our capabilities. In the meantime, you're seeing the results of bringing capacity on and the continuing strength of the product portfolio.
Jon Block: Okay, thanks for that. And then Brian, I'll turn it to you that you mentioned the leverage. It was really solid, better than my estimate in the quarter. I'm looking at -- I believe OpEx that was basically flattish Q-over-Q despite, call it, mid-single-digit sequential revenue growth, maybe you can talk to -- is that more CVI than CSI? Was there anything abnormal in the quarter in terms of cadence in OpEx, could that really stood out in the quarter? Thanks for your time.
Brian Andrews: Hi, John. Yes, thanks for the question. Yes, I mean, we expected strong results in the second half of the year. You heard my gross margin commentary in the first couple of quarters being stronger than in the first half than the second half, but we were going to make up for it with meaningful SG&A leverage in the second half. So we certainly put up some great results in the third quarter with SG&A leverage. I'd say both businesses are executing really well. Certainly, those investments that we've been -- that kind of stacked up on top of one another over the last several years are yielding positive returns, and we're getting efficiencies from those. I mean, it's not a one quarter thing, it's a multi-quarter thing and I think we expect to see that next quarter and into next year. So yes, happy with the results.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. It's [Lay] (ph) calling in for Larry. Can you hear me okay?
Albert White: Yes. Hey, Lay.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. Just two for me, please. First, on the call you talked about low double digit OI growth for fiscal 2025. Can you give any other commentary in the top line the last three fiscal years? You started guidance 6% to 8% constant currency growth, is there any reason to think that you would start differently for fiscal 2025 and anything below the line as far as interest rate, tax rate that you can call out at this point for fiscal 2025? And I have a follow-up.
Albert White: Sure. Lay, I'm not going to get into much detail on guidance at this point in time as we never do. A couple of things I would just say, I mean, the contact lens market is certainly healthy as we're just discussing with Jeff. I mean we're giving guidance for ourselves in the fourth quarter here of 8% to 10%. CooperSurgical's market is healthy, fertility is healthy. We're giving guidance for CooperSurgical in the fourth quarter of 6% to 8%. So we're optimistic about both marketplaces. And where we sit today here, I would say, remaining optimistic that both markets are going to continue to be strong in the next year. But outside of saying that, I'm going to hold off on giving any revenue detail until we get to December. I'll turn it over to Brian on below the line items.
Brian Andrews: Hi, Lay. Yes. So similar to Al, I'm going to hold off on providing details until December. But you picked up on the commentary, I said about delivering our long-term commitment and our objective to deliver low double-digit constant currency OI growth. So people can take comfort in the fact that, that objective hasn't changed. We've got a lot of momentum going into next year, next year should be another solid year. Free cash flow is going to be stronger next year so we expect we'll pay down some debt. So hopefully, assuming rates hold, that will mean that our interest expense goes down to the extent that the Fed does something in our favor, then that's going to be beneficial and that will help. I guess if I talk about FX, I'm knocking on wood right now, Lay but as we sit here today, FX is a positive for fiscal 2025. So I don't want people to get ahead of themselves, but that could be some upside. And while I'm not providing guidance on taxes, if we use 2024 as a guide, our effective tax rate pre discrete this year will be around 15.5%. So we've got momentum, hopefully, some of these upsides play out, and we're going to have a great year.
Unidentified Analyst: That's helpful. Thank you. And for my follow-up, can you just remind us when you last took price in CVI? So when does that anniversary? And how are you thinking about price into fiscal 2025? Thank you for taking the questions.
Albert White: Sure. We took price in fiscal Q1 of this year. I would anticipate we'd take price again in fiscal Q1. When I look at ourselves or the industry, inflation has come back a little bit, but it's still running, what, in the 3% kind of range. So I think where we've been is raising pricing to offset inflation. And I would anticipate the industry will continue to take price to offset inflation. And I would anticipate we'll do that in fiscal Q1. So more to follow on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Bijou of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Craig Bijou: Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. I wanted to start on the distributor issue that you had last quarter? And really just wanted to see if it impacted any of your sales or growth numbers in the quarter and if it will continue into Q4 at all?
Albert White: Sure, Craig. Yes, that was the CooperSurgical-related IT upgrade issue that we worked through last quarter. I would say that, yes, it did disrupt things a little bit into this quarter. But we've worked our way through that. I think you probably get a little bit of the residual upside from that, frankly, in Q4. As you saw, we did 5% growth in CooperSurgical in Q3, and we're guiding to 6% to 8% in Q4. So finishing the year strong as CooperSurgical gets back on full footing, if you will.
Craig Bijou: Got it. That's helpful. Thanks, Al. And switching over to CVI and maybe a follow-up on one of the earlier questions. And just looking at APAC growth. And I guess I wanted to ask where you are in getting full capacity or full supply to that reason specifically. That's one, if you look at the growth rates, it stands out as maybe a little bit more sluggish than some of the other geographies. And I know that you're working on meeting the demand there. So just maybe a little bit of color on where you are and how we should expect that maybe to ramp over the next several quarters and into 2025.
Albert White: Sure. That's a good question. Our Asia PAC numbers, yes, a little bit softer than maybe we were running historically. We've got a great team there, Kathy and her team of folks in Asia PAC, I've got all the confidence in the world, a strong team. They just need more product as what they need at the end of the day. And if we have more product, those numbers would be stronger, that's what it comes down to. So we're working hard on that. We're bringing capacity online. We're trying to get more MyDay so we can get it out in the marketplace and get it over to help that team execute at the level that we know they can. I won't give any specific details on that at this point. I'll touch on that and give a little bit more color in December as we start discussing next year's guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch of Citi. Please go ahead.
Joanne Wuensch: [Technical Difficulty] of time talking about myopia management. I mean, if my math is right, you're probably looking at about a $40 million per quarter revenue run rate with really healthy double-digit growth. If -- how do you think about where you are in terms of the adoption curve and the marketing of it and sort of the education of the physicians? Thank you.
Albert White: Yes. That's a great question, Joanne. Yes, we did about, I think it was somewhere around $37 million this quarter total Myopia management. MiSight is bigger than ortho-k now. And as you can see in the number, continuing gain traction. So I would say, though, we're still in the early innings of that. You're seeing Myopia control continue to gain interest among the eye care community around the world. You're seeing more interest in some of the parts of the world where there's Myopia control spectacles. We have a joint venture, as you know, with EssilorLuxottica who's doing a great job with Stellest. We're seeing some great numbers with SightGlass in China. So I'm really optimistic about that entire marketplace. I mean I still believe the myopia control market is just going to be a really large market. As everyone knows, the only approved product right now in the U.S. through the FDA is MiSight. I look forward to getting glasses approved at some point in time. I think that's going to take everything to a whole another level. But to your point, Joanne, like we're doing well. Business is growing. We're gaining traction. That's moving closer to standard of care in pediatric optometry, which is fantastic in many markets around the world. So that's all positive news. It's not as big as I'd like it to be. but it is definitely moving in the right direction and continuing to get larger. And to be fair, 50% growth on MiSight off a little bit bigger number, the numbers keep getting bigger and the growth rate has been holding. So things are pretty positive there.
Joanne Wuensch: Terrific. Thank you so much, and have a good evening.
Albert White: Yes, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robbie Marcus of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Robbie Marcus: Great, thanks. And I'll add my congratulations on a nice quarter. I wanted to see if I can maybe push my luck a little bit here with fiscal 2025. And I appreciate it's early, and it's a really strong guide to start. With low double-digit operating income growth and positive FX, does that translate down to EPS as well? I think what people are looking for, is that low double digit or better EPS growth in 2025? Is that the implication?
Albert White: Yes. I mean I think Brian kind of covered it well, which is FX as we sit here today, would be a positive on a year-over-year basis. We'll see what happens with interest expense, right? But we're going to generate some decent free cash flow. We'll pay debt down, that's going to help. If the Fed lowers rates, that's going to help. Taxes, effective tax rate is going to be higher year-over-year, as Brian said, 15.5% was without the discrete this time. So I think it'd be higher next year. But if you plug all that in, yes, that should result in some pretty decent EPS.
Robbie Marcus: Great. And maybe just to dive in, you touched on some of this, but gross margins and operating margins were particularly strong. I know you touched on that already. But maybe just some of the particular drivers, especially in gross margin, as more and more dailies come online, you would expect that to maybe drop down, but it's holding in firm. So how are you offsetting that? And how should we think about that moving forward? Thanks a lot.
Brian Andrews: Hi, Robbie. Yes. So price and efficiency gains are offsetting the FX. On the efficiency side of things, we're making progress on our intercompany shipping. So when we put all of those infrastructure investments in tied to packaging, some of the labeling and so forth. And when we're moving product intercompany between and among our sites, we've gotten a lot more efficient at doing that. And so what you've seen is efficiency, that efficiency flowing through cost of goods as well as the price helping to improve gross margins. You've got a little bit of mix there as well. Americas, we've got a bit higher margin than in other parts of the world and then some of the some mix also at CooperSurgical. So you put it all together, and it's offsetting that FX to a large extent. So I'd expect that we'll continue to do that type of activity. You'll see dailies thigh high to be a bit of a headwind. But as we work through our capacity increases and we eventually get to moderating on that CapEx and we start working on continuous improvement activities, that's going to be another opportunity for us to continue to take gross margins higher over the longer term.
Robbie Marcus: Great, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Petrone of Mizuho Group. Please go ahead.
Anthony Petrone: Thanks. And congratulations on the strong quarter here. Maybe a couple on CVI and then one on CSI. On lenses, maybe just a little bit on the pricing dynamic. It's been a tailwind here for a number of quarters. Pricing, I believe, resets possibly every six months depending on distributor versus optometry versus retailer contracts. And so maybe just the visibility on pricing is something in the range of 200 basis points sort of the new normal for contact lenses. And when we think about a mix toward toric, in any modality when we go from a sphere or a toric or just get a new toric users relative to a sphere, what is the margin uplift of toric versus sphere and then I'll have one on CSI.
Albert White: Sure, Anthony. Yes, a couple of different things. On pricing, we have really strong visibility internally on pricing, of course. But it's a complex model, as you could imagine. I mean you talked about a couple of the items there, right? distributors versus retailers and the direct channel optometrists. That's why I always say to people like be careful reading too much into something like consumer rebate activities in the U.S. that occur in the U.S. and not outside of the U.S., right? I think at the end of the day, what you're thinking about is right, like 2% to 3% support for market growth is probably the range that we're sitting in. I think where inflation is, it won't surprise me if we continue to sit in that range for a little while longer. We'll see what happens long term on that. When you think about the growth of the market overall, it ties to your question on torics, which is one of the reasons the market is growing nicely is it's not only price in terms of pure price but it's price coming from a product mix shift. And as you get more growth in torics and you get more growth in multifocals, and some of the other specialty lines, I mean, we have some of the most innovative products in the market when it comes products like Energys and so forth. You do get a different margin profile. Now that one is a little challenging to answer specifically because it depends on the life cycle, meaning when you're launching some of these products, especially wide SKU range torics, you're going to have lower margins. But once you get the products fully into the market, you'll get margins at or even above sphere margins. So I would say, at the end of the day, we really look at operating margins, more than gross margins. And all of this activity is going to end up being long-term accretive to operating margins.
Anthony Petrone: Very helpful and a quick one just on CSI. We've been hearing a little bit on competition for PARAGARD from a competing copper, non-hormonal device coming on the market. So maybe just a little bit on the competitive landscape in IUDs broadly and your take on just brand loyalty to PARAGARD versus a new copper alternative in the marketplace. Thanks.
Albert White: Sure. Yes. I mean right now, PARAGARD is the only approved product in the marketplace. And I think it's worth remembering that IUDs are governed as pharma products. So the regulatory approval process is long and arduous, and I can't comment on somebody else's process or their journey to getting approval. But what I can say is that we have a fantastic team selling PARAGARD, it's been in the market a long time. It has a 10-year indication, which is very unique to it. We just went through the full approval process to get single hand inserter approved. We've got that product into the market right now. That's a more efficient way for the practitioner to insert the IUD so that's fantastic. And if there was pushback on PARAGARD, a lot of times, it was tied to that. So that's a nice improvement we have in the marketplace. So where PARAGARD sits right now is actually in a pretty good spot.
Anthony Petrone: Thank you. Congrats again.
Albert White: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Bednar of Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Jason Bednar: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. I wanted to come back to CVI, and really see that you can provide a bit more color on the cadence of demand throughout the quarter, the exit rate you had from July into August. I think you mentioned a good back-to-school season for MiSight. So I guess just wondering if that extends to the rest of your business as we exited the third quarter, if that was on a high note.
Albert White: Yes. We had a good July. I would say we're having a good August. So yes, somebody asked the question kind of earlier about market demand and so forth, I'd say the market is remaining healthy certainly. And we're seeing that in our business. I am excited about MiSight and where we're at. The receptivity on that seems to have increased and we're seeing more positive news on my side. So I'm expecting another good quarter here for fiscal Q4. But yes, in general, the last couple of months have been good and the month we're in is starting off well.
Jason Bednar: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks, Al. And then one other one. We're hearing that J&J's reversing course on its decision to cut its toric SKUs. I think that was a decision from 18 months ago or so. But Cooper was a big beneficiary of that original decision from J&J to cut those SKUs that you won over a lot of toric patients. Do you see any risk of share give back for that lens class? Or is there any reason to think that share would be less sticky, any less sticky for those patients than what you would normally see with a typical contact lens consumer?
Albert White: No, I'm not too worried about that. I mean, first of all, I would say that it wasn't that big of a deal. They cut some SKUs out of some ranges and the wider part of the bell curve, if you will so it would not be fair to say we took a lot of toric business or a lot of toric patients from them because of that decision. We did take some. And when you fit somebody in a toric, especially toric like ours, just I mean we're a market leader there with some of the best design toric in the marketplace, period. We don't lose patients once they come into our products. So no, I think we're fine on that side of things.
Jason Bednar: Okay. Kind of what I figured. Thank you.
Albert White: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Fishbin of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Brett Fishbin: It's been pretty striking, I have to say, some of the uneven results that we've seen in the contact lens space this year with the market seemingly really healthy and perhaps like a major exception over the past few quarters. Just curious if you can comment maybe on like that level of the difference that we've seen across some of the different players? And what are the biggest differentiators separating, call it, like the outperformers such as yourself from the underperformers over the past few quarters?
Albert White: Yes. I think that when you look at the contact lens market, it's always a little tough to take at any individual quarter because a lot of different things can happen. But we've seen them over the last couple of years when it comes to people having some shipping issues or supply issues and so forth. But at the end of the day, I look at our business model and I say, okay, we have the broadest portfolio, some of the best, arguably the best markets and best products in a lot of segments of the market. So I think you're going to get consistency. I mean, from us, I think when you look at the rest of the market, you've got disruptions and business profiles and then you've got portfolios where people are in their portfolios. The market has shifted over and continues to shift to silicone hydrogel dailies and specifically, daily torics and daily multifocals. As you know, I mean, over the last, geez, now five, six years or so, we put a heavy emphasis on expanding our capabilities in the daily side of things, bringing our monthly portfolio into the daily side of things on expanding parameter ranges for torics and creating products like MyDay Energys and MiSight and so forth to expand the daily market. And that's worked out really well for us. So I don't know. I don't read too much necessarily into all the competitors quarterly results because at the end of the day, you got a strong market and everyone is going to continue to put up decent results moving forward because you just have healthy underlying demand.
Brett Fishbin: All right. Appreciate that commentary and color. And then just a really quick follow-up on the other side of the coin with Myopia management. Have there been any updates around the SightGlass FDA approval time line? And if not, what's really like the next data points that we should be paying attention to? Thank you very much.
Albert White: Sure. Yes. On SightGlass, no updates on that. We're working through that clinical process right now. to try to get FDA approval. The last kind of commentary we gave on that was look and hoping to get FDA approval in the latter part of next year. I mentioned it earlier, we have an excellent relationship and joint venture with EssilorLuxottica who is the true leader in Myopia control, and they're doing some fantastic things in that space, and we're working with them. We're doing some fantastic things. So two great companies working together to promote Myopia care and really trying to help children that need visual correction around the world. With SightGlass, we have the product in China right now. It's doing really well there, and we're looking forward to continuing to do really well there and get launched, make it its way around the world. And ultimately get FDA approval and be really successful here and really help MiSight also.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Saxon of Needham. Please go ahead.
David Saxon: Great. Good afternoon, Al and Brian. Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on the quarter. Maybe I'll continue on with Myopia management. So ortho-K, at least on my math, I mean, it looks like growth or return to growth in the quarter, I should say. So I guess what's driving that? How much of that is driven by China recovery versus kind of strengthening the rest of the world? And then for MiSight, can you talk about what percent or what inning you're in, in terms of commercial payer coverage kind of when should we expect you to reach critical mass on that? And I'll have one follow-up. Thanks.
Albert White: Sure. I would say when it comes to Myopia management, and I would say this is true for ortho-K and MiSight. Our weakest market is China. Now we don't do a lot of business in China, period, as a company. There's a tremendous amount of opportunity with Myopia control in these treatments in China because there's such a high percentage of the pediatric population that's Myopic. But that would be a market where we struggle. So as well as we're doing it's largely being driven by success outside of China. You guys probably even know better than I do, you probably follow China closer than I do, but it'd be great to get some consistency in growth out of China because I think there's some tremendous growth opportunities there with MiSight and ortho-k but right now, we're not really seeing it, that's not a driver. If I think about MiSight and insurance coverage, I would say we continue to make progress slow but sure. I've talked about Aetna coverage in the past and Kaiser coverage in the past. I think we're just continuing to make slow and steady progress on insurance reimbursement. I will go back to some prior comments I've made on other calls that we really need to get spectacles in the market and really get the myopic control market to become standard of care so that all optometry practices are looking at that when kids come in, right, and treating them the way they should be treating. And I think that's going to really kick start the insurance reimbursement. Until that point, I think we'll just continue to plug along slowly, but surely.
David Saxon: Okay, that's great. Thanks for that. And then in CooperSurgical, I think last quarter, you talked about PARAGARD expectations of being flat to slightly up. Is that still the case? And then in the stem cell storage and medical devices part of the business, I think, Brian, you had called out some growth. Maybe can you get a little more granular, what kind of growth? Is that single digits, high singles, et cetera? And then what is driving that? Is that kind of M&A contribution or some of these organic product launches? Thanks so much.
Albert White: Yes. I'll give a couple here, I'll stop my head and see if Brian has anything to add. I mean PARAGARD is going to be up this year or we're anticipating it being up this year, just a little bit, not a lot, but it will be up slightly. STEM was kind of usual, it was up, I think, around 4%, and that was just organic growth. We haven't done any acquisitions or anything on that side of things. We just did the two small ones Brian mentioned.
Brian Andrews: Yes. David, I don't have anything else to add. Those are the right numbers.
David Saxon: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Lichtman of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Steve Lichtman: Thank you. Good evening, guys. Just wanted to follow up on PARAGARD, so you've had moving parts with the stocking dynamics in the last few quarters. As you look beyond just this coming quarter, what is your outlook for underlying growth for PARAGARD looking forward and sort of the pluses and minuses driving your outlook?
Albert White: Sure. Yes. I mean, I think you can back in the numbers, PARAGARD will be down a little bit in Q4 again. But I think if I look longer term, you're talking about a marketplace that has declining unit sales. So we're getting a little bit of growth because of price. We've taken price a few times, maybe we'll take price again. But the marketplace is declining in terms of units, which creates the challenge. I mean, ultimately, there's more options available to women for birth control. And I think non-hormonal IUDs, meaning PARAGARD is going to continue to do okay. But that's not the -- that's not the big growth market, right? I mean it's just not. But it's fine. I mean it's less than 5% of our revenue. So it's -- I mean, we talked about -- I don't know why we spent so much time talking about it, but that would be the answer.
Steve Lichtman: Got it. And then, Brian, you mentioned CapEx moderating. Just given the demand outstripping supply, what drives the ability to moderate that investment?
Brian Andrews: Hi, Steve. Yes, I just want to be clear though. I mean, while I talked about in the future when CapEx moderates, we'll get to work on continuous improvement activities, and that will result in efficiency gains. I wasn't necessarily suggesting that next year is going to be a light CapEx year, and I wasn't certainly even giving guidance to next year. So Certainly, we have a demand still outstripping supply, we're capacity constrained in a number of places. We're modulating some of our launches and our launch activities based on the capacity and the supply that we have, but capacity is coming on just about every month, and we're doing great at adding capacity and better-than-expected yields and results. So I'd expect that next year, we're still going to have a big CapEx number. I just talked about free cash flow being better next year than this year. And this year, I'm reiterating the sort of around $300 million of free cash flow. So things are looking positive, but I wouldn't initially say that a major change in CapEx for next year.
Steve Lichtman: Understood. Thanks, guys.
Brian Andrews: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Pasquale of Nephron Research. Please go ahead.
Chris Pasquale: Thanks. Al, I'll ask one more PARAGARD question for you just to fill out the slate. Could you just clarify the number this quarter? I thought we were looking for down sequentially. I think I heard down a little bit year-over-year, which would be up actually a fair amount sequentially. So what did PARAGARD do in 3Q?
Albert White: $48 million.
Chris Pasquale: Okay, thank you. And then the Biofinity and Avaira growth was strong this quarter. Every time the delta between dailies and FRP compresses kind of stands out relative to what we're used to seeing historically. Was there anything unusual that helped those products? And then I'd love just a general sense of where we are in that transition to dailies in places like the U.S. and Europe that have been playing this very long game of catch-up relative to markets like Asia that were quicker to adopt.
Albert White: Sure. Probably not too much to read into Biofinity and Avaira this quarter. It was a strong quarter and it was driven by some of the products that I've mentioned, Energys and extended range torics and toric multifocals and so forth. But I think you're going to get some stronger quarters and then some lower quarters there. I mean that will fluctuate around with daily. So not too much to read into that. When I think about the marketplace on dailies, we still have a long runway as an industry there. Less than half of people are being fit in dailies right now. If we call somewhere around 45% of its going into dailies, about 75% of those bits are going into daily silicone hydrogels. Those numbers are increasing, they continue to increase. But the fact that less than half of people are being fit into dailies right now just tells you how much of a runway we have to go as an industry. I mean I just -- it's amazing. I wear dailies and I would never go back to not wearing dailies. They're just so easy to put them in and take them out, throw them out, clean, safety everything else that goes along with it. So I just think that trend is going to continue. And then I would add on to that, that as you've seen products like the one I'm wearing, MyDay multifocal, which is just -- I mean, it's an amazing, amazing product. And what we've seen is people try MyDay multifocal and they stick with it and they stay in it for years and years rather than dropping out of contact lenses. And the last one I would add is torics. I mean, getting the fit that you should get, the correct lens for your eyes that gives you the best eyesight is critically important. And doctors' ability to fit people in torics right now has improved. And now that you're getting the availability of torics within dailies, it's continuing to grow that market. So I think we -- I don't know what inning we're at if you ask me that way, but we have many years left as an industry shifting, continuing to shift over to daily silicone hydrogels and torics and multifocals.
Chris Pasquale: Great. Thanks.
Albert White: Yes.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Navann Ty of BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Navann Ty: Hi, good afternoon. First on capacity progress at CVI, do you have enough visibility to resume more launch activities in the near term? And then I have a follow-up on PARAGARD. Is the single hand inserter a differentiator versus the upcoming competition? Thank you.
Albert White: On the single hand inserter, I'd say it puts us on par, if you will, with the market. There is single-hand inserter used by hormonal IUDs and that puts us on par with the market. I don't know what the competitor is going to do and what they'll get approval on or won't get approval on. So I won't speculate there. But I will say that it puts us on par with the other products like Marina that are in the marketplace. On capacity, we are making great progress on capacity, and we are more active in terms of getting product into the market and evaluating some incremental launch opportunities, if you will. So yes, I would answer that we have very good visibility on that and it would be positive news.
Navann Ty: Thank you.
Albert White: Yes.
Operator: There are no more questions. I will now turn the conference back over to Al White, President and CEO, for closing remarks.
Albert White: Great. Thank you, and thank you to everyone who called in. We had a really strong operational quarter as we talked about. As Brian said, we're really focused on that and we're going to continue to deliver results here in the short term and long term. That's our plan. So thank you again. Look forward to seeing everyone during this quarter. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-05-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to The Cooper Companies Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I'd now like to turn the call over to Kim Duncan, Vice President of Investor Relations and Risk Management. You may begin.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon, and welcome to CooperCompanies' second quarter 2024 earnings conference call. During today's call, we will discuss the results and guidance included in the earnings release and then use the remaining time for questions. Our presenters on today's call are Al White, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Andrews, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements, including revenues, EPS, operating income, tax rate, FX and other financial guidance and expectations, strategic and operational initiatives, market and regulatory conditions and trends and product launches and demand. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward-Looking Statements in today's earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including Cooper's Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings, all of which are available on our website at coopercos.com. Also as a reminder, the non-GAAP financial information we will provide on this call is provided as a supplement to our GAAP information. We encourage you to consider our results under GAAP as well as non-GAAP and refer to the reconciliations provided in our earnings release, which is available on the Investor Relations section of our website under Quarterly Materials. Should you have any additional questions following the call, please e-mail ir@cooperco.com. And now, I'll turn the call over to Al for his opening remarks.
Al White: Thank you, Kim, and welcome, everyone, to today's call. I'm pleased to report record quarterly revenues and great operational progress throughout our organization. CooperVision returned to double-digit revenue growth, driven by our portfolio of leading silicone hydrogel lenses, and CooperSurgical posted a solid quarter despite some unexpected challenges with the system upgrade impacting our US distribution center. Margins improved as we leveraged prior investment activity, and we delivered excellent earnings growth. As we move forward, we're increasing our revenue and earnings guidance by incorporating this past quarter and the momentum we're seeing in our markets. Moving to the details, and reporting all percentages on an organic basis, consolidated quarterly revenues were a record $943 million, up 8% year-over-year. CooperVision posted record quarterly revenues of $636 million, up 11%, led by strength in our daily silicone hydrogel portfolio. And CooperSurgical posted revenues of $307 million, up 4%. Margins improved, and non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.85. For CooperVision, the Americas grew 10%, EMEA 14%, and Asia Pac 7%. All three regions were led by our innovative product portfolios, market-leading flexibility and strength in key accounts. Within categories, torics and multifocals combined to grow 12% and spheres were up 9%. Within modalities, our daily silicone hydrogel lenses, MyDay and clariti grew 18% and our silicone hydrogel FRP lenses, Biofinity and Avaira, combined to grow 10%. And our myopia management portfolio was up 17%, with MiSight growing 39%. All-in, a very nice quarter with strength around the world and throughout our focused product portfolio. Turning to product details, and starting with our high-growth daily silicone hydrogel portfolio, we had another fantastic quarter with MyDay leading the way delivering outstanding results. MyDay is growing in every market and every category, with particular success in our innovative toric and multifocal products. Our ongoing toric parameter expansion launch across North America and Europe is enabling eyecare professionals, or ECPs, to fit more wearers in our market-leading design and industry-leading SKU range, which is by far the widest toric range in the daily market. And MyDay multifocal's unique combination of an advanced multifocal design paired with an easy fitting system has resulted in very high satisfaction levels, including a 98% fit success rate in two pairs or less. We continue to receive very positive feedback on this fantastic lens, and I continue to count myself as an aesthetic wearer of what is without a doubt the best multifocal contact lens in the market. We've also seen success with our MyDay spheres, especially with our Energys product, which is showing very strong growth. Energys is driven by its innovative DigitalBoost technology designed specifically for today's digital lifestyle and this meaningful technological improvement is important to contact lens wearers and to ECPs. Given the strong performance of this lens in the US, we're excited to launch it in additional markets in the near future. Moving to clariti, our other complete family of silicone hydrogel daily lenses, also remains a growth driver. ECPs love this product for its comfort, easy handling and affordability, which makes it an especially good choice for new wearers. It continues to be an important driver in expanding our daily wearer base with noted success in upgrading legacy hydrogel wearers. Outside of dailies, demand for Biofinity and Avaira remains very healthy. The Biofinity portfolio has continued expanding beyond the traditional ranges of spheres, torics and multifocals into expanded ranges, made-to-order lenses, toric multifocals and Energys and now provides ECPs the ability to fit an amazing 99.9% of patient prescriptions. This is an incredible manufacturing accomplishment and a fantastic benefit to those patients who require the most complex types of vision correction. This is a true differentiator in any office and one of the reasons Biofinity remains so successful. With new state-of-the-art manufacturing lines now in service, we'll be expanding availability of these lenses in existing markets and launching in new markets in the near future. Moving to myopia management, MiSight continues to gain traction, powered by healthy demand. Asia Pac posted a record quarter, EMEA was strong, and the Americas reported a record month in April, although revenues were negatively impacted by a reduction in channel inventory during the quarter. Our back-to-school promotional campaigns are starting soon and we expect robust results based on the success we saw last year. So, we're expecting strong results in the back half of this year. In the meantime, we're marking a milestone anniversary for MiSight with 2024 being the 10-year anniversary of the pivotal MiSight 1 day clinical trial which led to MiSight becoming the first and still the only FDA approved optical intervention for myopia control. This study remains a gold standard in clinical trial study design and duration for myopia control in the longest running study of contact lens wear in children. CooperVision's commitment to establishing myopia control as standard of care continues and can be seen via two important initiatives launched this quarter. First, as part of the continuation of our exclusive partnership with the World Council of Optometry, we've launched the digital Myopia Management Navigator tool available to ECPs around the world. This interactive toolkit provides practical tips and resources to help offices integrate myopia management into their practices. Second, CooperVision and the American Optometric Association have partnered on a groundbreaking initiative, the Myopia Collective, to rally US ECPs to adopt myopia management as a standard of care for their pediatric patients. The program is currently recruiting 51 ECPs representing each state plus the District of Columbia who will work proactively with the AOA and CooperVision to advocate for community and policy change. To conclude on contact lenses, the market grew roughly 5% in calendar Q1 with Cooper taking share up 7%. We continue to expect a robust market moving forward driven by several positive long-term macro growth trends. And within this, we expect to remain a leader with our innovation, robust product portfolio, ongoing product launches, strength in premium products, fast-growing myopia management business and leading New Fit data. Moving to CooperSurgical. We posted quarterly revenues of $307 million, up 4%. Demand was strong, but a systems upgrade caused shipping interruptions in our US distribution center for our medical device and fertility products. We were largely able to overcome this with strength in PARAGARD but not entirely. Having said that, we've made a lot of progress and we're comfortable we'll manage the backlog and reach our full year organic revenue guidance range, which remains unchanged. Implementing IT infrastructure upgrades can certainly be challenging, but this type of work is critical to our long-term success as it supports efficient growth, creates a better customer experience and makes internal operations more effective with improved real-time data. Moving to fertility, sales were $124 million, up 4%. We continue seeing strong demand around the world with our leading products and services continuing to position us well with fertility clinics as they open new facilities, upgrade existing locations and look for opportunities to improve outcomes and optimize our operations. We're also investing for the future, opening new donor sites, providing extensive training in our centers of excellence, expanding geographically and accelerating innovation. Our focus on investing and delivering the most innovative and advanced solutions to fertility clinics and patients remains unmatched. This includes the first and only European approval for a uniquely formulated 1-Step media. This specialized culture and transfer media reinforces embryo-endometrial communication from improved embryo development, sustained implementation and pregnancy. Similar to the advances we're making in fertility-based genetic testing, the science is complex, but the goal is straightforward, providing innovative, market-leading technologies to improve the journey to parenthood. Developing and delivering these types of innovations is why we're a leader in this space and it's our commitment to continue this type of work. Regarding the broader fertility industry, this dynamic market is supported by several positive macro growth trends, including women delaying childbirth, increasing patient awareness, greater benefits coverage, technology advancements and improving access to treatment. The World Health Organization highlights that one in six people will be affected by infertility at some point in their lives, so this is an issue that impacts a lot of people and will do so in the future. As a leader in this space, we remain incredibly committed to advancing the industry by delivering innovative products, standing in support of patients and clinics, and improving access to treatment on a global basis. Moving to office and surgical, we posted sales of $183 million, up 4%, with medical devices declining 6% due to the previously mentioned shipping challenges. Stem cell storage was up 5% and PARAGARD up 22%. Within medical devices, demand was healthy, driven by our minimally invasive gynecological surgical products led by our ALLY Uterine Manipulator portfolio. And our labor and delivery portfolio is now arguably the most comprehensive obstetrics portfolio of medical devices ensuring the safety of mothers and babies and demand remains strong. Our stem cell business had a solid quarter and PARAGARD outperformed expectations with the benefit of stocking related to a mid-single digit price increase. This stocking will naturally offset itself largely in fiscal Q3. To conclude on CooperSurgical, with our expanding obstetrics portfolio of products and services, we can now update our impact to the global community and say that roughly every 30 seconds somewhere around the world, a baby is born using CooperSurgical products. We're making a difference in people's lives and that makes this business very special. To wrap up, let me add that we just released our latest ESG report, which highlights our efforts around environmental sustainability, corporate social responsibility and strong corporate governance. It's on our website and well worth reading when you have a chance. We are passionate about sustainability and I'm thankful to our employees around the world for their commitment to doing things the right way. So with that, let me say thank you to our 15,000-plus employees for their continuing hard work and dedication as they drive our success. And I'll now turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Andrews: Thank you, Al, and good afternoon, everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to our earnings release for reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. For the second quarter, consolidated revenues were $943 million, up 7% as reported, and up 8% organically. Consolidated gross margin was 67.3%, up from 67.1% last year, driven by continuing efficiency gains in price. Operating expenses grew in line with revenues, with SG&A showing leverage and R&D growing faster. Regarding R&D, we've increased our investment activity in several exciting areas to ensure we remain a technological leader by continuing to launch some of the most innovative products in our markets. More to come on this as products are developed and launched. Consolidated operating margin improved to 23.8%, up slightly from 23.7% last year, led by the gross margin improvement. Below operating income, interest expense was $27.5 million, and the effective tax rate was 13.5% due to the positive impact of stock option exercises. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.85, up 10% year-over-year, with roughly 201 million average shares outstanding. Free cash flow was $37 million, with CapEx of $74 million. Net debt decreased to $2.6 billion. Foreign exchange negatively impacted earnings by $0.07 in the quarter, which was $0.01 worse than we were expecting at the time of our last guidance, even with a positive offset from our hedging program. To summarize fiscal Q2, this was a solid quarter. CooperVision returned to double-digit growth. CooperSurgical made tremendous progress, implementing system upgrades, and margins improved year-over-year, even against currency headwinds. Tax and FX offset one another, and we delivered a strong bottom-line. Moving to fiscal 2024 guidance, we're increasing expectations for revenues and earnings by incorporating our Q2 performance and the momentum we're seeing as we enter the back half of the fiscal year. This results in full year consolidated revenues of $3.86 billion to $3.9 billion, of 7.5% to 8.5% organically. For CooperVision, we're increasing our guidance to $2.59 billion to $2.61 billion, up 8.5% to 9.5% organically, driven by healthy demand and improving capacity. For CooperSurgical, our organic revenue guidance is unchanged at 5% to 7%, which equates to $1.27 billion to $1.29 billion. Interest expense is also unchanged at roughly $108 million, which assumes no interest rate changes by the Fed for the remainder of our fiscal year. And for tax, we're forecasting a full year effective tax rate of roughly 14%, assuming no additional discrete items. Given all this, we're increasing our non-GAAP EPS guidance to a range of $3.54 to $3.60, up 11% to 13%. Regarding currency, the impact from FX is roughly $0.02 worse in the back half of the year compared to last quarter's guidance, but we expect a hurdle that with stronger operational performance. Lastly, on quarterly gating, we anticipate non-GAAP EPS to be higher in Q4 than Q3. This is primarily the result of a lower gross margin in Q3 associated with higher cost contact lens inventory rolling through the P&L in Q3. Currency is also slightly more negative in Q3 than in Q4. In summary on guidance, we're raising CooperVision's growth rate to reflect improving capacity, leaving CooperSurgical's growth unchanged, and raising our non-GAAP EPS range by $0.04 on the bottom and $0.02 on the top, even against the negative impact of an additional $0.02 from FX in the back half of the year. To conclude, we remain focused on delivering strong revenue growth and consistent operational performance. Our capacity is improving. We're leveraging prior investment activity. And we're deploying capital with a focus on organic investments, which offer the highest return for investment dollars. Our momentum remains very healthy, and that's reflected in our updated guidance. And with that, I'll hand it back to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Craig Bijou from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Craig Bijou: Good afternoon, guys, and congrats on a strong quarter. So, I wanted to start with the CVI guidance. The revised guidance for the year assumes growth is going to be similar in the second half to the first half despite tougher comps. So, I guess, the question is, what gives you the confidence that you can maintain that level of growth in the second half despite the comps? And any help on how to think about Q3 versus Q4 growth?
Al White: Yeah, Craig, thanks. You're right, we do have harder comps. Q3 is a little bit harder even than Q4 in the back half of the year. On the flip side, we have good momentum right now as we enter the back half of the year and we have improving capacity. And as you know one of the things that's held back a little bit is expensive capacity constraints in certain products. So, as some of those challenges start to reduce, right, we're able to put more product out. And I mentioned this before, but we're in a situation where we have demand exceeding supply and we probably will for a while here. So, we know that as we bring these new lines on and produce more product that we're going to sell that product. So, I think it positions us well. So, even in the face of tougher comps, I'm still feeling pretty optimistic about our ability to deliver some strong growth in the back half of the year.
Craig Bijou: Great. That's helpful. Thanks, Al. And then maybe just on the distribution -- US distribution center for the surgical business, any way that you can quantify what that impact was in the quarter? And then, how should we think about that impact impacting your Q3 and Q4, basically the second half of the year?
Al White: Sure. I'm not going to quantify that. I don't like to go into that and say what would have happened if this wouldn't have happened and so forth and speculate around what those numbers are. But they clearly negatively impacted the quarter, right, because medical device, that's a great team, and they put up strong demand again and would have had a decent quarter without the shipping delays. And same with infertility. We grew fertility what 12, 13 quarters in a row at double digits and dipped down to 4% with some of those shipping issues. Having said that, we are proceeding better right now. I mean, we're having a pretty good May. We're working through the backlog and so forth to get ourselves in a better position. So, I'm optimistic as we work through this quarter that we can address most if not all of that and close the year out strong.
Craig Bijou: Great. Thanks for taking the questions, guys.
Al White: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Larry Biegelsen: Hey, Al. Thanks for taking the question. Hey, Al, maybe just talk about the IVF market and your growth. Do you think you can get back to double-digit growth in that business, which we saw for quite a few quarters before this quarter?
Al White: Yeah. Kind of following up maybe my commentary to Craig there, I would say the answer to that is yes. As a matter of fact, I think we have a good chance to report a double-digit revenue growth quarter right here in Q3.
Larry Biegelsen: Okay. Good to hear. And then, on contact lenses, Al, what are you assuming for price for the market and for your contact lens business this year? Thanks for taking the question.
Al White: Sure. For price, I would say we've seen almost everyone take price -- everyone has taken price earlier this year, either earlier this calendar year or for us the beginning of our fiscal year. So, pricing is kind of holding where it's at. I think from a price perspective, the market is still very healthy if you will. When we look at the contact lens market probably growing in mid upper single digits, you're talking about maybe a third of that is coming from price. So, very similar to what we talked about in the last few quarters.
Larry Biegelsen: All right. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Issie Kirby from Redburn Atlantic. Your line is open.
Issie Kirby: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I, first, just wanted to touch upon the MiSight progress in US and Europe [indiscernible] there this quarter. But wanted to ask about the growth there and whether you're seeing, I guess, a higher number of prescribers or prescribers, essentially, running more revenue per prescriber, basically? And then, your thoughts on potential competition in the soft contact lens market for myopia? And then, I have a follow-up.
Al White: Sure. So, on activity, we are seeing both. We're actually seeing more fitters around the world and we're seeing more fitting occurring with those practitioners who are currently fitting MiSight. So, I'm really happy to say that. Now, if I break up those two a little bit, one of the things that's driving more fitters is because we're making progress with a lot of our key accounts. So, some of the bigger names out there, the bigger optical chains and so forth that you would know, are incorporating MySight into their fitting activity. That's maybe moving a little slower than I was hoping because you're going through a lot of training and standardization within those big chains. But that's all moving forward and we're seeing more fit activity out of that. If we look at the doctors who are currently fitting MySight and how active they are fitting MySight, it's essentially universally increased fitting, and we're seeing that throughout the world right now. So, I'm really happy where we are from a fitting perspective on that. We did have a little pull down in channel inventory a little bit here in like the Americas and stuff. No surprise to me in anything that's going on. But I do think we're going to have a pretty strong back half the year. I think Q3 and Q4 are going to be pretty good for MiSight. From a competition standpoint, I mean MiSight is -- it's the first, it's the only product that's approved for myopia control. So there is, as of today, no competition in the market other than people using something off label or people promoting something that doesn't have the clinical data or the approvals of an organization like the FDA.
Issie Kirby: Okay. That's great. Thank you. And then I just wanted to touch upon some of the areas of organic investment that you focused on, called out heightened R&D investments. Perhaps across both divisions, if you could call out some particular areas you're looking at, anything that's exciting you in the pipeline at the moment?
Al White: Sure. Again, I mean, one within CooperVision is probably pretty clear and that's CapEx. We're investing a lot in manufacturing equipment right now to expand capacity. As I was mentioning as you know like we have a lot of demand especially for our MyDay products. We have a lot of things that we want to launch. We want to get out in the market. We want to expand into additional markets. So, there's quite a bit of launch activity that's on hold as we increase our capacity. So, CapEx investments would be a good example. Within CooperSurgical, I could think right off the top of my head on the R&D side of things, we've got some cool R&D things going on within surgical and I won't touch on the specifics behind that, but I look forward to some of those projects coming to fruition. So, between capital expansion and R&D, and R&D within MiSight also we have some good stuff going on, there's definitely some organic investment activity going on as well.
Issie Kirby: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson from Baird. Your line is open.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Good evening, guys. Al, maybe a couple of follow-up questions here. So one, you talked about kind of in your prepared remarks 5% market growth, 7% Cooper growth in the -- I think that would have been calendar 1Q. It's always dangerous to do this, but you put up 11% organic. Does that mean your exit rate in your April month, the month of April, was much stronger than it was the first couple of months of the quarter, number one? And number two, I'm assuming that's GfK data, what's going on maybe sell-in instead of sell-out retail data? Any changes there in inventory? You did talk a little bit about MiSight inventory, but any channel inventory changes or concerns you have US or Rest of World on the channel inventory side? Thanks.
Al White: Sure. Yeah, a couple of comments. April was a strong month, no question. I think it was a good month for the industry. May is a good month. I mean, we started the quarter off certainly well. So, I'd say April, May good months in the contact lens industry and certainly our performance shows that. From an inventory perspective, I think you're probably just seeing with the higher interest rates everybody out there who holds inventory trying to reduce inventory levels and take them to kind of the contractual obligated levels. So, if anything maybe inventory is just a little bit tighter as you go through the channels right now. I think you could probably comfortably say that on a global basis.
Jeff Johnson: Okay. Just a follow-up on that. I mean, I'm assuming since you raised CVI guidance, you're not feeling like that's a big risk? And then just on the APAC number being up 7%, we thought MyDay multi going back into Japan, APAC might have been a source of upside this quarter, that obviously didn't happen. Have you just been a little delayed on getting multi  MyDay multi back into Japan, or was there something else underlying in Asia Pac this quarter? Thanks.
Al White: Yeah. I would say on the first part of that the risk associated with the inventory contraction, that is not a big deal. We've already had I would say most of our customers reduce their inventory levels. So, I don't see any real risk associated with that right now. We've already kind of worked through a lot of that. If I look at the Asia Pac market, you're exactly right, it's still a capacity issue. That team is a great team. And if we could provide them more MyDay product, they would no question be selling that product. So, right now that's just a capacity issue in terms of where we can get product and ultimately we'll get it there and we'll sell it there. So, yes, that's just a timing thing.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Block from Stifel. Your line is open.
Jon Block: Great. Thanks, guys. Good afternoon. Maybe just the first one a little bit of a clarification. So, Al, for those distribution center challenges that you called out, you also mentioned the backlog and the thought that you can get that out in subsequent quarters. So, for those challenges, are all those sales calls pushed and not lost? Is it a little bit of a combination of the two? Maybe some clarity there would be helpful. And then, I'll just pivot for the follow-up.
Al White: Sure. I would say most of that is pushed. You never really know at the end of the day whether you lose some of those sales or not if somebody's going to change some of their order patterns as they wait for your product. In this case, it was an IT-related upgrade. It's not something that we see going multi quarters. The team has done a really nice job on that. So, I think generally speaking that's more of a push than it is lost sales.
Jon Block: Got it. Helpful. Thanks. And then to pivot to CVI for the second question, you mentioned the good April, arguably good May as well, and we've seen some solid numbers from the market too. So, you did mention the 10% sihy FRP growth, which is a big number, and it seems like it was a little bit of an easier comp, but rarely are you double-digit syhi FRP. If you could just comment on anything to call out with the consumer, modality changes, is there anything there to look into? Thanks.
Al White: Yeah, it's a really good question, Jon. And you're right. I mean, that was a really strong quarter for us for Biofinity and for Avaira by the way, which I think was also double digits. Both of those product families did well. I think the one thing that's happening with Biofinity is that we just have such a broad portfolio and there's been a lot of demand on parts of that portfolio as we've expanded the offerings. We've been capacity constrained on a lot of those products for quite a while. We have some new manufacturing lines, some really cool state-of-the-art new manufacturing lines that are producing product right now. So we're able to meet some of the demand that was out there. So, I think you saw some of that in the second quarter. I wouldn't read too much into anything outside of that other than just kind of a broad scope of success within the Biofinity family and Avaira families.
Jon Block: Got it. All right. Thanks, Al.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Robbie Marcus: Great. Thanks for taking the question, and congrats on a good quarter. Two for me. Maybe the first one, you showed really nice operating margin and gross margin beats in the quarter despite the warehouse ramp issue. Maybe just speak to some of the specifics of what you're doing? I know it's been a focus for management, but any details on what drove it would be helpful.
Brian Andrews: Hi, Robbie, yeah, thanks for the question. I'd probably point to -- there's several areas, but one place in particular that we've been talking about a lot over the last couple -- really couple of years is all the investment activity in distribution. And some of that comes with IT and with envision as well. But putting all that together, we're really starting to get leverage from that prior investment activity. We're seeing improvements in our cost of moving product between and among our different sites, but also in shipping out to our customers. Some of this also has to do with kind of influencing some of the customer behaviors around order patterns and so forth. But certainly, our initiatives around trying to drive down our distribution costs and getting more efficient, is one of the really meaningful areas within SG&A that we've seen improvements that have led to operating margin expansion.
Robbie Marcus: Maybe a follow-up for me. I think $0.02 worse currency came in a whole lot better than the fears were -- that I was hearing at least. And I know probably a good part of that was due to, I know you started I think it was fiscal third quarter last year, a hedging program on intercompany loans, which helps limit disruption on the other income line. So just wondering when you look at currency, how much help have you gotten from starting that hedging program? And I'll just leave it there. Thanks a lot.
Brian Andrews: Yeah. Thanks, Robbie. I'm glad you asked that question, and I put it in my prepared remarks. I think there's a misconception out there that we're not hedging. I mean, we're absolutely hedging. We started last year, but we hedged different FX exposures to mitigate the impact of currency each quarter. And we've been talking about wanting to drive not only top-line beats, but bottom-line beats and part of that is trying to mitigate the impact from currency. And I think we've done a nice job improving on our hedging program. We continue to hedge. And as a result, we've been offsetting the negative impact from currency and we did it again this quarter. So, I'd say more to come, but we're having success there.
Robbie Marcus: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Bednar from Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Jason Bednar: Hi, there. I'll echo the congrats here on a nice quarter. Al or Brian, I wanted to start on EMEA. The performance there at CVI just continues to be extraordinarily strong. You've been putting up really good growth, covering up what's maybe being held back a little bit in APAC. How sustainable is the run you've got in EMEA? It's because it's been pretty impressive, just like -- we would love to gauge your confidence level in staying up at these low- to mid-teens growth levels. And if you could help us out with what's supporting that with respect to the capacity expansion that's helping, or are these just like just simple wins that you're having with key accounts or other share gains?
Al White: Yeah, Jason. I think it's a few of those things. I mean, first off, I mean, Debbie Olive runs that part of our organization and she absolutely kills it. She's fantastic and her team is fantastic. And I couldn't be prouder of what they have been accomplishing over there because the work they have been doing with key accounts and expanding geographically and so forth just been fantastic. So I think when you combine that level of excellence with some of the wins that we're getting in some of the key account activities and some of the new product that's coming into that marketplace as we start to be able to meet some of that demand in the earlier innings of that still, but meeting some of that demand in a better way. You're just seeing all that come together. So, I wouldn't attribute it necessarily to one specific point, but just a lot of really good things happening. It's going to be very difficult to maintain that level of growth certainly quarter after quarter, but I do expect EMEA to continue to put up pretty good numbers moving forward.
Jason Bednar: Okay. All right. That's helpful. And then, I want to maybe follow-up by with a clarification or a follow-up from Jon Block's question. Just wanted to talk about the pushes and pulls in CSI revenue assumptions for the back half of the year. I know you mentioned clearing some of the backlog. It sounds like you think you're going to get a lot of that back that you lost. Don't want to quantify it just yet, but I think you also said that PARAGARD helped make up some of the losses here in the current quarter. So, I guess just curious how you're thinking about the components of that unchanged or relatively unchanged CSI revenue guide and whether there's any margin implications from those assumptions if like maybe PARAGARD is helping a little bit more in your updated guide?
Al White: Sure. PARAGARD, I would expect PARAGARD to be negative here in Q3, probably decently negative. I think I mentioned last quarter, I thought we'd have a strong Q2 for PARAGARD and we did. That will offset itself here in Q3. I would envision fertility, medical device those areas being much stronger in Q3 to offset that. Yeah, PARAGARD has higher margins arguably than some of those areas, but it's not so much that it's going to cause an issue, certainly. And as you can see in the back half guidance that we gave, taking up numbers that we are comfortable. We can work through that.
Jason Bednar: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Petrone from Mizuho Group. Your line is open.
Anthony Petrone: Hi, thanks for taking the questions. Congrats on a solid underlying quarter here. Maybe on capacity for contact lenses, just to sort of revisit that, Al or Brian, how far ahead do you think your capacity overall is relative to some of the competitors out there? That will be one question. And then, the follow-up to that would be, just when we look out in terms of this latest CapEx growth cycle here on manufacturing capacity expansion for contact lenses, how long is this investment horizon going to be and when does it actually come to a conclusion? Thanks a lot and congrats on the quarter.
Al White: Yeah. Thank you, Anthony. It was a good quarter. Yes, capacity, I think we're probably in similar shape to our competitors frankly right now. We've got capacity. We certainly need more capacity and we have capacity ordered. We have lines ordered and capacity coming in line as we work through this year and through next year. We just have a lot of demand for our products and I think our competitors do too because the marketplace is strong. The overall contact lens marketplace is strong. You're continuing to see a lot of interest and demand around daily products, especially daily silicone hydrogels, and within that, the torics and multifocal category. So, I think that capacity is a little bit of a challenge kind of for everybody to some degree, but I think everyone would say, hey, I'm okay in capacity, and I've got additional lines coming on to meet the demand that certainly seems like it's going to be part of the contact lens industry here for many, many, many years in front of us.
Anthony Petrone: That's helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch from Citi. Your line is open.
Joanne Wuensch: Hi. Thank you for taking the question and very nice quarter. I want to spend a little bit of time on operating margins because you're starting to push those up nicely. And I don't know whether it's a new view towards their meaning or new levers that you have to pull or the new FX program that you put into place, but I'd love to get a couple of the factors that are driving that. Thanks.
Al White: Yeah, I'll give a high-level answer and Brian certainly has more detail than I do. But I would say that you'll remember over some prior quarters here over the last several years, we've talked about investment activity in our distribution centers and in other areas of the company. And I know we got questions on that why we were discussing it, right? Like, when are we going to see a return out of that? How is that going to play out? Well that's what you're seeing right now. We're in the earlier stages of leveraging those investments that we've done. And those are true within the manufacturing side. Those are true within distribution. And frankly, they're true in some other areas when we talk about some of the IT work that we've been doing and becoming more efficient from an IT perspective. So that investment activity we've been doing over the last number of years, we're starting to see leverage on that and success from those programs. So, I think we're kind of in some of the earlier innings arguably of being able to deliver some leverage through the P&L.
Brian Andrews: Yeah. I don't have much to add there, Joanne. I think, Al, put it well. I mean, what's nice is that we've got some really, really important initiatives behind us towards the end of last year. So, now we're working on sort of iterating and continuously improving on that activity that we put into service. So, getting that leverage this year has been a little bit easier than obviously it was last year, and we continue to make progress across many fronts.
Joanne Wuensch: Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Wood from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Patrick Wood: Amazing. Thank you so much. Just two quick ones, please. I'd love if you could unpack EMEA and CVI a little bit more, because again, it's another incredibly strong quarter. Just how should we think about the durability given the region growth in general isn't great, but you guys seem to be killing it in that market?
Al White: Yeah. I don't know if I'd add too much on top of what I said earlier. Really strong team, great products, well positioned with a lot of the key accounts that we have there. And I think we've got potential for solid growth moving forward. I mean we are running into multiple quarters, years of really strong performance out of that region. So it gets a little bit more difficult to continue to put up that sizable levels of growth. But I'd anticipate we're going to continue to perform well there for all those reasons.
Patrick Wood: Sure. And then quick second one is, if I can sort of temperature check on capital allocation, because you're obviously running with a relatively unlevered balance sheet. And I know it's challenging to work out like what kind of assets are out there. And I appreciate you did those the Cook assets fairly recently. But how are you thinking about the broader capital allocation landscape going forward?
Al White: Well, I would say -- I would answer that by saying number one is organic investments. We touched on that earlier investing on bringing more capital online, investing on creating or expanding products that we have in the marketplace right now. So, I would say there's a lot of focus on that right now, internal investments if you will, which are higher return, lower risk type investment activity. And then paying down some debt. I still don't think there's anything wrong frankly with paying down debt right now. We'll see what happens with interest rates, but we carry a decent amount of debt. Regarding your last point, I mean, if acquisitions come along or we see some smaller tuck-in type deals, like we would evaluate those, and if they make sense, we'd consider doing them.
Patrick Wood: Sure. Appreciate the color. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Pasquale from Nephron. Your line is open.
Chris Pasquale: Thanks. Al, I wanted to clarify the expectations for PARAGARD. 2Q was a particularly easy comp. You have a pretty tough comp in 3Q. So, it's a little hard to disaggregate the stocking dynamic from just all the lumpiness in FY '23. Do you think sales are going to be down sequentially in 3Q or just down year-over-year? And maybe just frame for us what do you think full year growth looks like at this point?
Al White: Yeah. I think full year growth is probably in that flattish to up a little bit. It'd probably be up a little bit depending upon competitor launch or something along those lines. I think we did around $46 million in this quarter. I would sequentially expect that to be lower, Q3 lower than Q2.
Chris Pasquale: Okay. That's helpful. And then, one for Brian on the tax rate. Guidance has walked down from 15% to 14.5% to now 14%, and even getting to 14% would require you to be higher in the back half than the first. So, what's driven it lower? Why should it go back up? And then, is 15% still a good starting point as we look ahead to FY '25?
Brian Andrews: Hi, Chris. Yeah, thanks for the question. Really, the story behind our effective tax rate going down in the first and in the second quarter is stock option exercises. As you know, we don't -- it's hard to forecast -- you can't forecast when or how much people are going to exercise, but stock option exercises drove the effective tax rate down probably by 1% in the second quarter. So you're right, I think you can model out the rest of the year and getting 14% around there at least incorporates the lower tax rate in Q2 and roughly 15% for the balance of Q3 and Q4. As it relates to our organic tax rate, our underlying organic tax rate, it is hovering somewhere around that 15% to 15.5% or so range. So, I'd expect that's kind of, if we were to start next year, it would be somewhere probably in that ballpark.
Chris Pasquale: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Fishbin from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Brett Fishbin: Hey, guys. Thank you so much for taking the questions. Sorry to harp on the PARAGARD question. Just wanted to ask one more clarifying one there just given some of the trends. So I know you kind of called out that you thought the second quarter would remain strong, but just trying to make sense of the 22% growth. Maybe the first part would just be, was pricing still in the mid-single digit range in terms of the contribution? And then maybe if you could just elaborate a little bit on why you're expecting such a sudden change into the back half, if that's more weighted to a market slowdown or really just based off of any potential changes in the competitive landscape? Thank you.
Al White: Sure. Yeah, you get lumpiness in PARAGARD. We've always had it. I mean if you go back and look over the years, you've always seen a lot of lumpiness around PARAGARD tied to channel inventory and tied to price. I mean in this case, we did a mid-single digit price increase and customers had a chance to buy in on that at the end of our first fiscal quarter, because it actually helps on that, and then during this second fiscal quarter. So, we saw some buy in activity. And you'll just naturally see that kind of play itself out in Q3 and go in the other direction. Underlying kind of themes if you will in that marketplace from our perspective is the market is still a struggle from a unit perspective. So yeah, you're getting growth from price. It's not coming from units. I mean there's competitive products out there. There's no other non-hormonal IUD in the market today and maybe a competitive product will come. But there's easier access to birth control pills and other birth control related items that are out there that continues to make that challenging market.
Brett Fishbin: All right. Super helpful. And then really quick follow-up. I know you're not giving the exact numbers anymore, but just curious on the 12% organic growth in toric and multifocal category, if directionally one was a lot stronger than the other or more consistent across those two categories? Thanks again.
Al White: Yeah, they were pretty similar. They're pretty similar.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Saxon from Needham. Your line is open.
David Saxon: Great. Hi, Al and Brian, thanks for taking my questions and congrats on the quarter. Wanted to start in CVI ortho-k. It looks like it was down kind of low-single digits. So, how much of that weakness is driven by China still? And how are you thinking about the recovery in that market?
Al White: Well that was China because if you go ortho-k outside of China, we grew off the top of my head. It may have been double digits. But it was China. As a matter of fact China is a weak market for us post down our Asia Pac numbers in total. It's one of the reasons that region is probably a little bit less than maybe what some people were expecting or at least what I was hoping it would be. I still believe we have a really strong team in China. So, we just need some stability in that marketplace. I think we'll see ortho-k start growing here in Q3 and be in better footing in the back half of the year.
David Saxon: Okay, got it. And then just a follow-up on margins. So, I mean looking kind of pre-COVID, if you will, your operating margins were closer to the high 20%. So just as a follow-up to a previous question, is there anything structurally limiting you from kind of returning to those levels, or is it more about leveraging some of these investments over time that you were talking about? Thanks so much.
Al White: Yes. I'll give a quick one and then let Brian jump in. I know FX has been a negative clearly for us in some of the years. It's been a pretty significant negative to us. Outside of that, I think it's a matter of leveraging the investments. There's nothing fundamentally that has changed and our ability to drive margin improvements for the foreseeable future I think is something that we can accomplish. Let me turn that over to Brian to add.
Brian Andrews: Yeah. Again, I don't have a whole lot to add. I mean, we're executing really well. It's really just about internal investments, organic growth and execution, and we're demonstrating that right now. We'll continue to demonstrate that in the back half of this year, and I expect that will continue.
David Saxon: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Navann Ty from BNP Paribas. Your line is open.
Navann Ty: Hi, good evening. Thanks for taking my question. I have one more on PARAGARD, please. So, when do you expect the low copper IUD by competitor [indiscernible] to be approved? And is there a chance that that approval could be pushed to 2025, impacting your guidance for the year? Thank you.
Al White: Sure. No idea. I don't have any guess where that stands. There's a competitive product out there that's going through the FDA approval process, but I don't know where that stands. So, if when they get approval and how they decide to launch that product and so forth, we'll obviously be transparent about our expectations and how we think that will impact our business. But until that point in time, I won't speculate on their approvals.
Navann Ty: Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Steve Lichtman from Oppenheimer & Company. Your line is open.
Steve Lichtman: Yes. Hi. Thanks, guys. Brian, on gross margin, how should we think about the second half versus the first half overall? And you mentioned on 3Q higher CVI comps. Can you talk a little bit more about that and why it would just be, I guess, so limited to that one quarter?
Brian Andrews: Sure. Yeah. So, Steve, I mean, I mentioned on the last earnings call and I'll say it again here, I mean, gross margins on an as reported basis really should be pretty similar to last year. So that would indicate then that the second half gross margins on an as reported basis are going to be down on an absolute basis versus the first half. The color I gave in my prepared remarks around Q3 really speak to just higher cost inventory and our production levels in Q1 that roll through six months later into Q3. So we have visibility into that. Know that it's going to be it's going to impact our gross margins there. And then, of course, when we look at the impact of FX to gross profit, we can see that FX in Q3 is worse than in Q2 and frankly and it's also worse than in Q4. So that's driving Q3 a little lower than Q4. But to get to sort of a gross margin that's pretty similar to last year, your second half gross margins are a little bit down versus the first half.
Steve Lichtman: Got it. Thanks. And then just on free cash flow, Brian, I guess the first half was a bit behind prior years. Anything you'd point to there? And so what's your outlook for free cash flow for the year? Thanks a lot.
Brian Andrews: Sure, Steve. No change in my commentary. I mean, I said, I think the last quarter and maybe the prior quarter that we expect free cash flow to be about $100 million higher than last year. Obviously, taxes, interest, FX, all are at detriment this year and that's providing a bit of a headwind and a limiter to how much higher. So, I'd say we're doing the right things. We're driving free cash flow higher and, obviously, CapEx is a big part of that. I'll talk about the capacity expansion and CapEx is going to be high again this year. So, but it's all for the right reasons and we'll continue to drive better free cash flow as we look forward.
Steve Lichtman: Got it. Thanks, Brian.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Al White for closing remarks.
Al White: Great. Thank you everyone for taking the time today to join us on our call. I thought we had a really strong quarter and we've got good momentum in the business. So I'm looking forward to Q3 and continuing to give positive updates. So, thank you again, and we'll certainly talk during the quarter. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-02-29 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Q1 2024 Cooper Companies Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] 
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Kim Duncan, VP of Investor Relations and Risk Management. Please go ahead. 
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon, and welcome to Cooper Companies First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. During today's call, we will discuss the results and guidance included in the earnings release and then use the remaining time for questions. Our presenters on today's call are AL White, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Andrews, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer.
 Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements, including revenues, EPS, operating income, tax rate, FX and other financial guidance and expectations, strategic and operational initiatives, market and regulatory conditions and trends and product launches and demand.
 Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption forward-looking statements in today's earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including Cooper's Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings, all of which are available on our website at coopercos.com.  
 Also, as a reminder, the non-GAAP financial information we will provide on this call is provided as a supplement to our GAAP information. We encourage you to consider our results under GAAP as well as non-GAAP and refer to the reconciliations provided in our earnings release, which is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Should you have any additional questions following the call, please e-mail ir@cooperco.com.  
 And now I'll turn the call over to AL for his opening remarks. 
Albert White: Great. Thank you, Kim, and welcome, everyone, to Cooper Companies 2024 Fiscal First Quarter Conference Call. We're off to an outstanding start this year, posting all-time record quarterly revenues of $932 million. CooperVision started the year on a solid note, growing nicely around the world and CooperSurgical achieved record quarterly revenues with our fertility business posting its 13th consecutive quarter of double-digit organic growth. Our earnings were strong and our momentum is excellent with capacity expansion progressing well and demand remaining very healthy.
 Moving to the quarterly numbers and reporting all percentages on an organic basis. Consolidated revenues were $932 million, up 8% year-over-year. CooperVision posted revenues of $622 million, up 7%, led by strength in our daily silicone hydrogel portfolio. And CooperSurgical posted revenues of $310 million, up 8%, led by another great quarter in our fertility business. Margins improved, and profits were solid with non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.85, remembering that we just completed a 4-for-1 stock split last week.
 For CooperVision, the Americas grew 6%, EMEA 10%, and Asia Pac, 7%. All 3 regions reported success with our innovative product portfolios, market-leading flexibility and growth in key accounts.
 Within modalities, our daily silicone hydrogel lenses, MyDay and clariti, grew 14%, and our silicone hydrogel monthly and 2-week lenses, Biofinity and Avaira Vitality grew 6%. We're continuing to see outsized demand, especially for MyDay, where our capacity is improving, and this is reflected in our higher revenue guidance that we'll cover shortly.
 Turning to products. We're seeing very strong growth in demand with MyDay. Starting with MyDay multifocal, our momentum is truly fantastic. The unique combination of an advanced multifocal design, paired with an easy fitting system is resulting in 98% of patients being fit in 2 pairs or less. And patient feedback continues to be outstanding, including my own.  
 As many of you know, I wear these lenses and they're amazing. Whether I'm looking at a screen for long hours, driving home, eating out or doing anything else, my vision is crisp and my eyes feel great. I'm comfortable saying these are the best multifocals in the market and our outstanding growth and strong demand certainly supports that.  
 Moving to MyDay toric. This lens is also performing extremely well. The rollout of our parameter expansion across North America and Europe has been a tremendous success, and we look forward to increasing availability as capacity improves. Demand for the product continues to be driven by our market-leading toric design, which mirrors Biofinity's design and our industry-leading SKU range, which is by far the widest toric range in the daily market.  
 In our MyDay sphere portfolio, MyDay Energys is approaching its 1-year anniversary in the U.S. market and is continuing to generate great results. It's innovative digital Boost technology delivers optics designed for today's lifestyle, where, on average, people spend more than 7 hours per day on screens and wearers love it.  
 Meanwhile, our premium MyDay sphere is also posting great results. To wrap up on MyDay, our team has done a phenomenal job supplying existing customers while keeping expectations in check on new product launches and geographic expansion. I'm now happy to report that our success expanding capacity is easing some of those constraints and allowing us to be more active moving forward.
 Moving to clariti. With its full family of silicone hydrogel spheres, torics and multifocals, we're continuing to do well. The comfort, ease of handling and price positioning have led Clariti to be a lens of choice for many new wearers. Outside of dailies, demand for Biofinity remains strong, led by torics and multifocals.
 It's worth highlighting our Biofinity toric multifocal, which is growing very nicely as eye care practitioners continue making it their primary lens for patients experiencing more complex vision needs balancing presbyopia with differing levels of astigmatism. We'll be expanding availability of this lens in existing markets and launching a new market soon, so we're excited about that. Avaira also had a nice quarter led by torics.
 Moving to myopia management. We posted revenues of $29 million, up 19%, with MiSight up 51%. This was another excellent quarter for MiSight, powered by growth across all regions with particular strength in EMEA where we posted record quarterly sales. Worldwide, we're continuing to see momentum in key accounts, high retention rates and a nice halo effect. We're also launching new digital tools and programs to streamline the fitting process, making it easier and quicker.
 MiSight remains the first and only FDA-approved contact lens for myopia control and it's backed by extensive clinical data and real-world results. This is a critical differentiator as the proactive management of myopia become standard of care within the eye care community to help reduce the progression of myopia in children.
 Outside of MiSight, our Ortho K lenses declined 10% due to weakness in China. And on SightGlass, you may have heard from our JV partner, EssilorLuxottica that the FDA recently granted SightGlass Spectacles Breakthrough Device designation. We're excited about this update, and we'll continue working closely with the FDA in hopes of obtaining approval in the second half of 2025.
 Finally, as we look to expand myopia care to all children, we've launched a pilot program in the U.S. called [ Generation Sight ] in collaboration with 3 top optometry schools, the Illinois College of Optometry, the New England College of Optometry and the Massachusetts College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences, to provide myopia care to underserved children.  
 This program engages local public school systems to drive awareness and treatment of myopia by providing free eye exams and free MiSight. It also helps optometry students get real-world pediatric experience while increasing their clinical capabilities as they develop into the next generation of professional leaders. As a leader in the myopia management space, we're certainly proud of programs like this that are making a difference with kids in our communities.
 To finish on CooperVision, the contact lens market grew 9% in calendar 2023, with CooperVision taking share growing 11%. We expect 2024 to be another strong year, supported by the long-term macro growth trend and more people needing vision correction. It's estimated that 50% of the global population will have myopia by the year 2050, up from roughly 34% today. When you combine this with the ongoing shift to silicone hydrogel dailies, the increasing focus on higher-value products and higher pricing, we expect many years of solid growth for the industry.
 Within this, we expect to remain a leader with our innovation, robust product portfolio, ongoing product launches, strength in premium toric and multifocal products, fast-growing myopia management business and leading new fit data.
 Moving to CooperSurgical. We posted record quarterly revenues of $310 million, up 8% organically. Fertility sales were $119 million, up 11%, which is our 13th consecutive quarter of double-digit organic growth. This success was driven by our outstanding team and market-leading products and services within consumables, capital equipment and reproductive genetic testing. We're also investing for the future, opening new donor sites, providing extensive training in our centers of excellence, expanding geographically and accelerating innovation.
 We believe our focus on investing and delivering the most innovative and advanced solutions to fertility clinics and patients remains unmatched. This includes our recent launch of Witness IQ, a cloud-based digital platform that further enhances the benefits of the witness system to track activity, reduce errors and improve efficiencies in fertility labs. And we remain at the forefront of fertility-based genetic testing.
 CooperSurgical was an early adopter of artificial intelligence to identify the best embryos to transfer during an IVF cycle and we're now further advancing our leadership position with the launch of primary template-directed amplification, a new approach to DNA amplification for embryo biopsy samples. As an enhancement to the existing pre-implementation genetic testing process, this technology better identifies genetic anomalies in a faster, more accurate manner. This is the first major advancement to DNA amplification and embryo since 2009 and will help drive better patient outcomes. Delivering these types of innovations is why we're a leader in this space, and it's our commitment to continue this type of work.  
 For the global fertility market, the trends supporting significant long-term growth remain intact, including women delaying childbirth, increasing patient awareness, greater benefits coverage, technology advancements that improve success rates and broadly speaking, improving access to treatment. 
 The World Health Organization highlights that 1 in 6 people globally will be affected by infertility at some point in their lives. So this is an issue that impacts a lot of people and will continue to do so in the future. As part of this, we remain incredibly committed to the fertility industry and will always stand in support of patients and clinics. Access to fertility treatment is incredibly important for so many people, and Cooper will continue to advocate for increased accessibility and the advancement of human reproductive rights on a global basis.  
 Moving to Office and Surgical, we posted sales of $191 million, up 6% organically with medical devices growing 6%, stem cell storage up 4% and PARAGARD, up 7%. Within our medical device business, we reported strength in our labor and delivery portfolio, including the Cook products that we acquired last November that grew 13%. We also reported strength in our minimally invasive gynecological surgery products, which include market-leading disposables and innovative capital such as our Ally Uterine manipulator portfolio. Our stem cell business had a solid quarter and PARAGARD outperformed expectations with outstanding execution around a mid-single-digit price increase.
 To conclude our CooperSurgical, we take great pride in being able to say that every minute, somewhere around the world, a baby is born using CooperSurgical products. We're making a difference in people's lives, and that's a big part of what makes this business special for us.
 Before turning the call over to Brian, let me say that in addition to our strong operational performance, our efforts around environmental sustainability, corporate social responsibility and other important areas within our business are also advancing well. So thank you to our 15,000-plus employees around the world for their hard work and dedication as they drive our success.
 And now I'll turn the call over to Brian. 
Brian Andrews: Thank you, AL, and good afternoon, everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to our earnings release for a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results.
 For the first quarter, consolidated revenues were $932 million, up 9% as reported and up 8% organically. Consolidated gross margin was 67.3%, up from 65.7% last year, driven by efficiency gains and price at both CooperVision and CooperSurgical. 
 Operating expenses grew 8%, improving to 43% of revenues as we continued leveraging prior SG&A investment activity. Consolidated operating margin improved to 24.4%, up from 22.6% led by the gross margin improvement and SG&A leverage.
 Below operating income, interest expense was $28.6 million, and the effective tax rate was lower than expected at 13.3% due to stock option exercises. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.85, up 18% with roughly 200 million average shares outstanding.
 The impact from FX was $0.03 negative year-over-year for the quarter. Free cash flow was $5 million with CapEx of $118 million. As discussed on prior calls, free cash flow continues to be impacted as we progress with our capacity expansion projects. Net debt increased to $2.6 billion due to the closing -- due to closing the Cook Medical acquisition in November.
 To summarize fiscal Q1, this was an excellent start to the year. CooperVision and CooperSurgical both posted strong results, and we expect this to continue. We remain focused on exceptional operational execution, combined with high return investment activities such as increasing capacity and expanding geographically, and we're confident this will drive significant long-term shareholder value.
 Moving to fiscal 2024 guidance. We're increasing expectations for revenues and earnings by incorporating our [ Q1B ], better future operational performance and slightly lower interest expense. This results in full year consolidated revenues of $3.85 billion to $3.9 billion, up 7% to 8% organically.
 For CooperVision, we expect strong results to be driven by healthy demand and improving capacity. This translates to an increase in our organic revenue guidance to 8% to 9%, which equates to $2.57 billion to $2.6 billion.
 For CooperSurgical, we expect continuing strength in fertility along with solid performance in our office and surgical product category. This translates to an increase in our organic revenue guidance to 5% to 7%, which equates to $1.27 billion to $1.29 billion.
 We're increasing our non-GAAP EPS guidance to an expected range of $3.50 to $3.58, up 9% to 12% year-over-year or up 15% to 17% in constant currency. This guidance assumes roughly $108 million of interest expense, which includes no interest rate changes by the Fed during the remainder of our fiscal year.
 For tax, we're expecting a full year effective tax rate of roughly 14.5%, by incorporating Q1 and assuming no additional discrete items.
 For currency, rates are very similar to our initial annual guidance. Thus, the impact to Q2 to Q4 is essentially unchanged. And the full year impact is still roughly a negative 1% to revenues and a negative 5% to earnings.
 To wrap up, we had an excellent fiscal Q1 and the business is trending well. We're leveraging our prior investment activity, advancing our production efforts and investing to drive continued growth. Demand and momentum are strong, and that's reflected in our updated guidance.
 And with that, I'll hand it back to the operator for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Craig Bijou with Bank of America. 
Craig Bijou: So maybe -- I guess -- maybe just start with some of the backdrop on the overall contact lens market. Obviously, still pretty strong. I heard your comments, AL, on the growth of the market. But I'd love to hear a little bit about pricing volume trends. And just kind of -- the transition to daily and just where you guys are with your supply and how you can capitalize on that? 
Albert White: Sure. Yes. Absolutely, I'll cover that. Several comments, I guess, as we think about it. You're correct, the contact lens market is strong right now, and it doesn't show any indications of slowing down. So we're -- we, as an industry, are in pretty good shape.
 When you look at pricing and volume trends and the transition to dailies, I mean, those are the hot points that are driving the market. And it does go back really to the transition to dailies. I mean that's one of the biggest drivers. As the market continues to shift to dailies away from the 2-week and monthly modalities, that's driving growth of the overall marketplace. And that's continuing to happen and it has just many, many years, I think, in front of us.
 From a pricing perspective, you're continuing to see positive pricing. We saw that through the price increases in Q1. I think you're frankly going to continue to see price increases as we move forward given where the market is right now.
 Volume trends, when you think about it, if you take that in terms of wearers, we are seeing wearers increase. The number of wearers around the world is increasing at a modest pace kind of as it does consistently. So you have that kind of underlying the growth, but then that transition to dailies and pricing being a big component of it.
 The other thing that I want to mention there is the growth in torics and multifocals. You're seeing -- you obviously see that in our numbers because we report it. But as a market, you're seeing a lot of growth in torics and multifocals. Those are higher-priced products that are doing really well, and they're going to continue to grow because they're underpenetrated throughout the world. 
 So you have a lot of potential for future growth in torics multifocals. And when I roll that into dailies and we talk about what's hitting the marketplace now with daily -- torics daily multifocals, that supports even more so the kind of strong market growth that's out there.
 From a supply perspective, we're in a much better spot than we were when we were talking to start this year. We made a lot of progress. My hats off to the team. We have a fantastic manufacturing team within CooperVision, and they've made some tremendous progress over the last quarter. So we're in a much better position to be able to support our existing customer base and also be able to launch products, new products and geographic expansion. 
Craig Bijou: Got it. And if I could just follow up on the fertility environment. And obviously, you guys had pretty strong growth again, double digits. Obviously, there's a lot of headlines around IVF fertility. And some companies calling or pointing out that benefits may be getting pushed.
 So I guess I just wanted to ask you, the benefit environment, and it sounds like the overall environment for fertility is still very strong trends. But any reason to think that you can't continue to do the double-digit growth? 
Albert White: You're right, fertility is getting a lot of headlines. Now that's largely a U.S.-based thing because it's side to Alabama in the court like, we were like -- I won't kind of get in my high horse, if you will, of my frustration about what's going on there. But obviously, as a big player, we support fertility and all the patients and all the fertility clinics out there and we'll continue to do so.
 So there is some commentary that's out there more in the U.S. market than anywhere else around the world. So when I look at the global fertility market and how we're doing, I would only put so much weight on that because I think at the end of the day, the fertility markets continue to be really strong. And we'll see how we do quarter-to-quarter. But we're going to continue to post double-digit growth for a number of years, I believe. The underlying characteristics of that market are just too strong and are going to support too much growth for many years in front of us. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. 
Larry Biegelsen: I'll echo my congratulations on the quarter here. AL and Brian, I actually wanted to start with margins and then one on CSI. So Brian, the gross and operating margin were up nicely in Q1. How do we think about the gross margin and operating margin for fiscal 2024 and the phasing? It seems like we could see upside to the margins based on what's implied in the guidance from what I can tell. 
Brian Andrews: Larry, thank you. Our -- the story is largely pretty similar to the commentary we provided last quarter. Outside of the FX piece, which is negative to us on revenues and EPS and some OI, frankly, and cost of goods, we're still holding gross margins pretty similar to last year. .
 So it will depend a little bit on product mix as you work through the year. It will bounce around a little bit, but I'd expect that we'll land somewhere in the neighborhood of where we ended last year on an as-reported basis from a gross margin perspective.
 Operating margin, we've taken up our implied constant currency OI growth to 14% to 17%. So we're effectively increasing our operating margin a touch from where we were -- where we had guided last quarter. But yes, I would expect operating margins to be up on an as-reported basis year-over-year, quite a bit more on a constant currency basis. 
 And from a gating perspective, I wouldn't really point out anything in particular outside of the fact that FX, as we've been telling people last quarter, is a bit more of a negative in Q2, which is our worst FX quarter, and so it's going to impact us a little bit there. 
Larry Biegelsen: That's helpful. And I had a follow-up on Craig's question on CSI. You grew 8% in Q1 organically, you're guiding to 5% to 7%. So why does growth slow? Are you assuming some slowdown in IVF? Or are you assuming new competition to PARAGARD and talk about that, please? 
Albert White: Yes. We'll see how fertility does on a quarterly basis, right? I mean underlying -- the underlying factors that drive fertility are continue to be strong. And I believe we're going to continue to put up strong fertility growth moving forward. When it comes to the growth of 5% to 7%, you are correct, right? I would still say, even with the strength of PARAGARD in Q1. And by the way, I think we're going to have a good quarter with PARAGARD in Q2. I would still kind of guide people to say, "Hey, that's going to be roughly flat on a year-over-year basis", due to ultimate volume demand and maybe some competitive entrants into that market. Now maybe that doesn't happen, and you'll get some upside from that. So you could argue there's a little bit of conservatism in that number. But after one quarter, I think taking it from 4% to 6% up to 5% to 7% is probably enough. And hopefully, we're able to certainly meet that if not beat that. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Baird. 
Jeffrey Johnson: So AL, maybe a similar question, as Larry just asked on CSI, but for CVI, you're taking that up 100 basis points for the year. This first quarter came in right exactly where you guided right at the 7%, so it does imply an acceleration over the back half. So with 1Q being where you expected, what gives you the confidence to raise this early in the year to faster growth over the next few quarters, number one?
 And number 2, I think last quarter, you talked about potentially hitting double digits with CVI in the back 3 quarters of the year after this first capacity-constrained quarter, do you still have the confidence in that potentially getting to the double-digit CVI the rest of this year? 
Albert White: Yes. Yes. Great question, Jeff. Well, in Q1, we did 7%. It was a strong 7%. I mean we almost got ourselves to round up to 8%. So a good solid Q1 to start the year off. I do think we'll get ourselves back to double digit. As a matter of fact, I think we've got a good chance to get to double digit right away here in Q2.
 So when I look at kind of where we sit today, how we did in Q1, how we closed the quarter out, how February is going, improvements in our capacity that we have that's going to allow us a little bit more flexibility, yes, I feel comfortable taking that 7% to 9% up to 8% to 9%. And we'll see how it goes as we move through the year. 
Jeffrey Johnson: Fair enough. And then, Brian, if I could ask a clarifying question on the gross margin commentary you made. You were up 100 -- what was it, 160 basis points year-over-year in the first quarter. You're now talking kind of flattish for the year. It implies somewhere around 50 basis points down year-over-year each of the next 3 quarters or maybe it doesn't gate out perfectly even like that. But is that just simply because currency was plus 100 basis points year-over-year in the first quarter, and it looks like in the second and third quarter, it's going to swing back to a negative? Is that just purely currency? Is there something else in there that would get the gross margin from up so nicely in Q1 year-over-year to down a decent amount year-over-year in the balance of the year? 
Brian Andrews: Yes. Jeff, thanks for the question. Yes, currency in the first quarter wasn't as impactful as the latter part of the year. Certainly, Q2 and Q3 are worse from an operating profit or a gross profit perspective. Outside of that, I wouldn't really point to anything in particular. I would say Q1 kind of landed about where we expected. Some of it's a little bit of timing. But I would say, in general, we're expecting on an as-reported basis, pretty similar gross margins as we work through the year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch with Citi Group. 
JoanneWuensch: Nice quarter. Mechanically, is there a reason you've consolidated the way that you're reporting some of the revenue for CooperVision. And part of that, where now am I going to see MiSight? 
Albert White: So you'll see MiSight in sphere, is where we'll report that. And we consolidated ultimately because I think it's just a better representation of how we look at the business, combined with competitive dynamics. And that was really the reason behind it. Yes. 
JoanneWuensch: And my sort of second follow-up question has to do with SightGlass. What are the steps now to bringing that to market? And can you please remind us of how the JV shows up on your income statement? 
Albert White: Yes, sure. So for SightGlass, most of the JV shows up below the line, below operating income. It's a loss, as you can imagine right now, as we continue to invest in it. So we just run that through our P&L. And that's the way it will be moving forward other than if all goes well, that will turn obviously to a profit, and we'll report that below the line.
 The process right now is, without getting into too much detail is really to continue to work with the FDA. There are some spots, especially among younger children, where we have some really strong clinical data. So to continue with the FDA, meet the requirements that they're looking for and work hard here to get approval for that product, FDA approval for that product in the back half of next year. In the meantime, we're selling that in multiple markets around the world, including in China, and we're getting some great feedback on it. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Petrone with Mizuho Group. 
Anthony Petrone: Congrats again on the quarter here. Maybe one just on lens capacity and Brian, we spoke about this a little bit earlier this year. Just where are you on the build-out? And maybe to clarify, like how much demand is actually being left out there? Like how much are you not getting because Cooper is a bit supply constrained?
 And then follow-up on myopia management. Just maybe a reset on the TAM opportunity of the combined bundle when we think of SightGlass with MiSight. just kind of a high-level recap of what the overall market opportunity is for those 2 products combined. 
Albert White: Sure. Good questions. On lens capacity, yes, I think demand is strong. It's going to continue to be strong because you're continuing to get wearers that are going in, whether it's a new wearer or an existing wearer moving themselves to dailies and moving into torics and multifocals. So you're going to have that demand. I believe that underlying demand for years and years and years and years and years in front of us. The position that we're in today from a capacity perspective is allowing us to meet a lot of that demand, not all of it, but a lot of that demand. As I mentioned earlier, I think may have been Jeff asking about it. right? We're in a good enough spot here where we're going to be able to, I believe, even return to double-digit growth here in Q2, but certainly put us in a position where we're going to be able to post strong numbers. So that's how I'd answer that right now. And I think that with capacity continuing to come on, it's going to put us in a position to have, frankly, strong years for a number of years in front of us. 
 If I look at the myopia management market, boy, that's crazy, exciting. It's taking a while to develop. We obviously thought it would move along a little bit faster. But when I look at what's going in the marketplace right now with glasses, there are some fantastic products out there and SightGlass is one of those that's making its way into the marketplace and the feedback is excellent. MiSight is doing really well. We're seeing some really good momentum in MiSight in Europe and some other markets. It's a little difficult to get to a TAM, but we're certainly talking about a marketplace that's going to be in the billions of dollars. It's very large. And it's almost every month, we see a society somewhere coming out and pushing myopia management and just saying, "Hey, this needs to become standard of care". I think the U.K. was the most recent one. coming out and saying to optometrists needs to be standard of care. And it does. We need to proactively treat children. It's crazy that we don't do to the degree that we should. 
 And frankly, you have one and only FDA-approved product with MiSight right now, which is great, but we need the glasses to come along with that. And I'm happy to say that the industry is making a lot of progress there. So a big opportunity still in front of us. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler. 
Jason Bednar: AL, I wanted to start, in past calls, I think we've heard about your position, maybe from like a new fit perspective. Just would love to hear what you're seeing out there in the data on dailies or [ daily sight eyes ], torics, multifocals, just really where you're punching pretty well right now. Just any insight on where your share stands on the new fit side, again, maybe in the context of your current market share in those categories. 
Albert White: Yes. As a general answer, I would say that our fit data is certainly in front of what our current market share is. And that's a good sign, right? And we've been running that way for a little while here, and we're continuing to run that way. The only caveat I would put on that or asterisk, if you will, is sometimes it's hard to get that data all around the world. We get that through GSK and a few other sources. But I'm comfortable continuing to say that our fit data is in excess of our market share, which is a really good sign for us. 
Jason Bednar: Okay. I mean, maybe one follow-up there and then a separate one. But are there any of those categories where you'd say or maybe outsized share gains, just as we think about how -- where the revenue growth or the accelerated revenue growth is going to come from? As we look out over the next several quarters? And then I think you also mentioned key account strategy wins just across all geographies. Any more color you can add there, and maybe latest update on that strategy and how pricing is trending in that category? 
Albert White: Sure. I think that as we look forward here, where you're going to see growth is going to continue to be what you've seen, meaning we're going to do well in torics and multifocals. We have a great position in those categories and leadership position, right? We do really well. I think you're going to continue to see strong numbers there. The other place that you'll see strong numbers, we're doing well from a fit perspective is in the daily silicone hydrogel side of things. Now that would include some torics and multifocals, but also on the sphere side. 
 So that's where we have strength. If you look at legacy hydrogels and some of that kind of stuff, right, there's -- we certainly have weakness in those areas. But our fit data and our strength is in the direction that the market is moving. So that's a great sign.
 Within key accounts, yes, we're doing well within key accounts. What I highlighted in the script, which I'm excited to talk about is kind of key account activity within MiSight. The progression with MiSight has started with independent optometrists where we did well and we've been growing, right? But we started to get some of our key accounts more interested in the product and starting to roll it out throughout their franchises. They need to figure out how they're going to sell that, standardize it throughout the franchise, how they're going to price it, all the activity that goes around creating a new myopia management or myopia control infrastructure, if you will, That work is being done, and we're seeing progress on that. It's just solid, consistent progress, right? That's why we did, what, 50%, a little over 50% growth this quarter. 
 And I think you're going to continue to see that from my side, just plugging away at kind of 50%, something like that. 45%, 50%, 55% kind of growth on a consistent basis. That's being driven by underlying strength in those key accounts, whereas you know, Jason, right, we have a good relationship with a lot of them through the store brands and so forth right now. So expanding that relationship to include MiSight. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Wood with Morgan Stanley. 
Patrick Andrew Wood: On the toric side, I'm just kind of curious, it's like a astigmatism is probably like 1/3 of the population. So I'm just curious, from the data that you guys have, do you have a good sense of like from an Rx perspective, where we are on the lenses, i.e. how underpenetrated that category is it kind of totality? 
Albert White: Yes, it's way underpenetrated. So I don't have the numbers right off the top of my head, but I would tell you, it's definitely underpenetrated in the U.S. market, and the U.S. market is by far the most penetrated and it's still solidly underpenetrated. When you go outside of the U.S., it would be way underpenetrated.
 And to your point, you're starting to see the fitting of patients who have an astigmatism has improved over the years, and it's much easier to fit a product -- a toric product. And by the way, the quality of those products has continued to improve. MyDay toric is just a fantastic product. It fits well. It's very stable, patients really like it. 
 So that's a great question. I should dig into the details. I mean I can just tell you it's significantly underpenetrated. There's -- off the top of my head, I can tell you there's 10-plus years of significant growth that's going to come out of the toric market as it continues to grow around the world. And as eye care practitioners continue to fit the correct lens for every single patient who comes in looking for the optimal visual correction. 
Patrick Andrew Wood: Certainly makes sense. I'm a astigmatic as well, so I can -- I get it. And then maybe on the Europe side, like that was a big number within CVI, and you gave some color there. Was there anything in particular -- I know you have some of the bigger contracts that were rolling over on that side of things, but dynamics in Europe, very curious about that as well. 
Albert White: Yes. Yes, good strong number in Europe. I think we're going to continue to have them. We have just a fantastic team there. Our commercial team is just killing it, and they have for a number of years. So I think when you combine the strength of our team over there, the rollout of products, we're going to get some new products in there. We're going to expand some of the products that we currently have put ourselves in a better position to sell.
 Yes, we're having strengths right there right now with key accounts and so forth. As product availability capacity improves, I think you're going to continue to see success. I couldn't be happier with what our European team is doing. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan. 
Robert Marcus: And I'll add congrats on a good quarter. Maybe to start, I know there's some regulations coming out in April for the lab developed tests. I wanted to see what your exposure to that was and any implications in your view? 
Albert White: I'm kind of raising my eyebrow. I'm not sure what you're referring to, which means that's probably a really good sign because it wouldn't be applicable to us. 
Robert Marcus: Got it. I think it's in some of your filings, maybe I'll circle back. Maybe just to touch on myopia management. It was down quarter-over-quarter. You talked about down 10% in China and Ortho K. Just maybe speak to the Ortho K market globally and in China specifically and your view there, both on an underlying basis and competitive. 
Albert White: Sure. Yes, we had Ortho K growth around the world. So our team continues to do well with Ortho K but within China, it's very bumpy. I mean, we grew, what, 30 -- upper 30%, 39% or something like that in Q4 and down 10% here. So it's pretty bumpy. And whether that's channel fill or some other activity that's happening in China, that China is -- I believe, going to continue to be bumpy for us. Now we're -- that's not a huge market for us, as you know. So I'm not going to claim to be an expert in China. But we are seeing some volatility with respect to the Ortho K market and certainly within China.
 I would kind of split that from MiSight, right? And maybe that's one of the reasons you're seeing a little volatility in Ortho K is because of the strength that we're seeing in MiSight as that continues to improve. But I would probably say, yes, MiSight really strong, maintaining strong. Ortho K is still going to grow for the year, and it's still going to do fine for the year, but it's going to be choppy. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of [ Chris Scally scale with Nephron ]. 
Unknown Analyst: AL, on the last call, I think you talked about 5% to 7% contact lens market growth in calendar '24, was the underlying expectation embedded in the guidance. Is that still your expectation? Or do you think it will be better than that? 
Albert White: I guess I would probably stick with the 5% to 7% right now, but I would certainly lean towards the upper end of that. 
Unknown Analyst: Okay. And then how are you thinking about how MiSight and SightGlass fit together in the myopia market longer term, do spectacles become first-line therapy in contacts or reserve for older patients? Or is it not that clean? Just trying to get a sense for how additive the addition of spectacles in markets like the U.S. could be versus cannibalistic of what you've got going on already? 
Albert White: Yes, that's really an interesting one. Spectacles are going to become the first line, if you will. Because when a child walks in the door, and we're talking about children, right? So 5 years old up to 13, 14 years old, the easiest fit by far for the optometrist is to put them in glasses. And I think that, that's really going to push the myopia management market forward because every single optometrist will be able to fit a child in glasses and get them out the door. And I don't know why you wouldn't do that. It'd be almost malpractice not to put somebody in glasses and treat their myopia progression.
 But what you're going to have off that is a couple of things. One, is you're going to have what happens in the normal world, which is people want to wear contact lenses and whether that's for sports or some sort of activity or whether that's for looks, you're going to have people wanting to wear contact lenses, and that's what's going to happen in that space. 
 The add-on to that, though, is going to be compliance. Because in order for that treatment and it's a treatment to be successful, the child has to wear their glasses and they have to wear them a lot.  If the child is not wearing them when they're going in for their annual appointment, they're going to -- the optometrist is going to be able to tell. It's going to be the same thing with Invisalign, right? And if you're not wearing it, you're not getting the value of the treatment. 
 The optometrist is going to be able to see and talk to the parents and say, "Hey, your child has these myopia control glasses, but they're not wearing them enough and I can see the progression of the myopia. We have to get them into contact lenses, so they're getting the full value of that treatment." So I think you're going to have a higher rate of penetration of contact lenses within the myopia control business than you do within contact lenses in general. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Lichtman, with Oppenheimer & Company. 
Steven Lichtman: Congrats on the quarter. I guess, Brian, you're obviously investing behind capacity expansion. So how should we think about CapEx levels and free cash flow this year? And do you expect CapEx as a percent of sales to go higher in the coming years as you maybe try to stay ahead of demand? 
Brian Andrews: Steve, yes. So I guess what I'd say is we talked about free cash flow last quarter being up versus last year, probably about $100 million this year. I would say that the first half of the year is we're going to see sort of similar kind of free cash flow numbers as we saw in Q1 and Q2. And then I would expect will reflect nicely in Q3 and Q4. So cash flow conversion will be improved. I'd say as a percentage of revenues, this is going to be kind of a, I would call it, a high. I mean, it should be pretty similar to last year on a percentage basis. But as we look at next year and the years thereafter, I would expect it to come down on a percentage basis. 
Steven Lichtman: Okay. Got it. And then just a follow-up on SightGlass. Appreciate the update there. Do you expect the investments behind SightGlass in the near term to go up to the board's approval? Or do they go down for a bit given the sort of the later approval expectations? Understanding it's below the line. I'm just curious on that. 
Albert White: Well, I think we'll continue to invest as we are now. Once we get FDA approval, we'll work with EssilorLuxottica. I have conversations about the best way to launch that and how to capitalize on the FDA approval. So we'll continue to spend on it right now, supporting that product and launches around the world and things we're trying to accomplish, including the clinical work and so forth that we're trying to do.
 And then we'll determine the best path forward, hopefully, when we get the FDA approval kind of in the back half of next year. And that would be a really exciting thing and really open the doors to a pretty significant market for us. So we'll have to have the conversations and see where we go then. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brett Fishbin with KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Brett Fishbin: Just had a couple quick ones on pricing. One, just in the context of the full year CVI guide of 8% to 9%, do you have a directional sense of how much of that is getting driven by price?
 And then as a follow-up, just curious because I know you guys are playing a little bit of catch-up this year relative to the market, how the consumer is accepting some of the price changes this year? And if you think going forward, there might be a little bit more room for some continued catch-up activity relative to the industry? 
Albert White: Yes. Well, we'll see on future price increases as to how the economy continues to move. As of date, we're not seeing significant pushback, but a lot of the growth of the industry, remember, continues to be moved to daily. So a lot of that is a product mix trade-up, which includes higher price embedded within it, if that makes sense. So as we continue to move forward, that's where you're going to see a lot of that. So that's price increasing, if you will, but it's really a product mix shift to higher-priced products. 
 You have that -- within pricing for the market and for us, it's going to -- it's looking low single digits in that 2% to 3% range that I talked about, probably more towards the upper end of that, and that's kind of where the industry is residing right now and where we're sitting. 
Brett Fishbin: And then just one other question. I think you had a really interesting comment, but it was pretty brief on the idea of introducing some new digital tools to help facilitate MiSight in streamlining the fitting process a little bit, which seems like it might be a little bit of a friction that could be helped with these kind of initiatives. So just maybe expand a little bit on what you're doing there and how it could help that process? 
Albert White: Yes, absolutely. One of the challenges that optometrists have with MiSight is they bring the child in. They have to talk to the child. They have to explain what contact lenses are, how to put lenses in, take lenses out. They got to explain to the parent what myopia is and the progression of myopia. The process takes a little while. 
 And when you layer contact lenses into it, it makes it a little bit more difficult than glasses. So anything that we can do to improve that process and make it faster is going to be definitely beneficial. And our marketing team has done a really nice job there and the development team on streamlining some of that activity to ensure that optometrists understand the fitting process and are able to do it very quickly. 
 I won't get into  necessarily the technical attributes and so forth of what we're doing. But suffice it to say, yes, anything that we can do is streamline that and help make that process easier and faster the better. So yes, you picked up on that is a good point because that is a benefit, and it's going to help us continue to drive growth. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jon Block with Stifel. 
Jonathan Block: I'll try to be somewhat brief, 2 quick ones. First on PARAGARD, I don't know, I just feel like the talk track has seemingly improved maybe from 3 months ago, nothing has really changed from a regulation standpoint. AL, am I right? Is there anything behind that where, again, you had a decent beat in the quarter. You talked about a pretty good start in fiscal 2Q. It just seems a little less dire, if correct? Is there something more to it? 
Albert White: I think with respect to PARAGARD, that's going to be a little bumpy. The underlying demand is still a struggle there in terms of being able to grow volumes. And then the other aspect of that ends up being a competitive product. We talked about that before. There was a product that could potentially get FDA approval that's essentially a generic. But if that does get approved and hit the market, that would impact us. When we gave guidance back in December, we incorporated some of that. That product has not been approved. So if you look at it as we move through the year, that makes me, yes, a little bit more optimistic for better performance this year. 
Jonathan Block: Okay. And second quick one, just within CVI, just cleaning up a little bit. The overall 7%, I think, was in line with estimates. You guys sort of signaled that. But from ROC, EMEA was decently ahead, APAC below and anything to call out specific to APAC? Because when I look at the year ago comp, it was actually one of the easier ones from fiscal '23. I don't know if that's where we sort of go from a capacity standpoint. But maybe if you could just elaborate on that? 
Albert White: Yes. Yes. Not too much to say on that other than I think it got picked up a little bit about some communication we had in Japan with respect to some capacity constraints. So when you look at allocation of product and capacity constraints that we had, that negatively impacted Asia Pac and probably will, frankly, a little bit again here in the second quarter. 
 But the underlying fundamentals and the team and the success we're having in Asia Pac is still strong. I think there's just a little bit on the capacity constraint side of things is what you're picking up. 
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Issie Kirby with Redburn Atlantic. 
Issie Kirby: We'll just stick to one. I mean obviously, you have your handful with MyDay and the strength of that product. But I would love to know how you're thinking about potential new innovation within the [ Filshie Clip ] space, potential new product launches. I think it's been close to 10 years now since we saw MyDay first hit the market. So I guess, what is next? How are you thinking about new launches? And to what extent does capacity right now in your ability to introduce perhaps a new lens family? 
Albert White: Yes. Great question. If we look at MyDay as an example, I think the multifocal just came out a couple of years ago. MyDay Energys, as an example, just came out roughly a year ago in the U.S. market. So we still need to roll the multifocal out around the world. Frankly, there's still areas we need to get the toric out more the expanded framer range. There's markets we need to get MyDay Energys into. So you're just going to continue to see for the coming years, a bunch of launch activity, but it will be associated to mostly the products that you've already heard of. 
Issie Kirby: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up, if I may, just on daily penetration. I mean we've talked a lot about the runway in toric but really I guess what's the runway like in daily? Just in terms of units where do you see it currently sitting, I guess, for 2023? And where do you think the ceiling really is for dailies in terms of units? 
Albert White: Yes. It's tough in terms of units because there are so many units when somebody's wearing dailies, right? Because if they go from like Biofinity for [ us ], they need 24 lenses a year and depending upon how often they're wearing their dailies, right, 700-and-some lenses a year. So it's tough. But I would tell you, if you looked at a comparison of the FRP market, the 2-week and monthly market and said, that's where dailies is going to get ultimately, that was -- that's kind of without getting then now the core details would tell you that you just have a very significant runway in terms of dailies and wearers. So that's where I go back to like saying, hey, the market is a great market for 10 years or something like that because it's so underpenetrated on the dailies side. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'll now turn the call over to AL White, President and CEO. 
Albert White: Great. Thank you. Thank you to everyone for taking the time and joining the call. As you can probably tell from our commentary and response to questions, we're excited about where we are now. We started the year off really well. We're in a really good position moving forward. So thanks again, and I really look forward to catching up with everyone on our next earnings call. Thank you, operator. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-12-07 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by and welcome to the Q4 2023 Cooper Companies Earnings Conference Call. I would now like to welcome Kim Duncan, VP Investor Relations and Risk Management to begin the call. Kim, over to you.
Kim Duncan: Awesome. Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to Cooper Companies Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call. During todays call, we will discuss the results and guidance included in the earnings release and then use the remaining time for questions. Our presenters on todays call are Al White, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Brian Andrews, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements including revenue, EPS, operating income, tax rate, and other financial guidance, a pending stock split, expected revenue growth and accretion related to a recent acquisition, strategic and operational initiatives, market and regulatory conditions and trends, and product launches and demand. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data, or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption forward-looking statements in todays earnings release and are described in our SEC filings including Coopers Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings, all of which are available on our website at coopercodes.com. Also, as a reminder, the non-GAAP financial information we will provide on this call is provided as a supplement to our GAAP information. We encourage you to consider our results under GAAP as well as under non-GAAP and refer to the reconciliations provided in our earnings release, which is available on the Investor Relations section of our website under quarterly materials. Should you have any additional questions following the call, please e-mail: ir@cooperco.com. And now I'll turn the call over to Al for his opening remarks.
Albert White: Thank you, Kim, and welcome everyone to Cooper Companys 2023 Fiscal Fourth Quarter and Year-End Conference Call. This was a fantastic year for Cooper as we finished with all-time record revenues of almost $3.6 billion, and we closed the year on a really positive note with CooperVision posting its 11th consecutive quarter of double-digit organic growth and CooperSurgical posting record quarterly revenues driven by our fertility business posting its 12th consecutive quarter of double-digit organic growth. Truly tremendous accomplishments by phenomenal teams. Weve now entered Fiscal 2024 with a lot of excitement and focus on executing on our long-range strategic objectives, including gaining market share, driving profitability, launching innovative products and services, and maintaining our fantastic Cooper culture. Moving to the quarterly numbers, consolidated revenues were $927 million, up 9% organically year-over-year. CooperVision posted revenues of $623 million, up 11% organically, and CooperSurgical posted revenues of $304 million, up 7% organically. CooperVisions growth was led by strength in our daily silicone hydrogel portfolio, and CooperSurgicals growth was led by a very strong quarter in our fertility business. Margins improved and profits were solid with non-GAAP earnings per share of $3.47, up 26%. For CooperVision, and reporting all percentages on an organic basis, revenue growth was strong and diversified. The Americas grew 12%, EMEA grew 9%, and Asia Pac grew 10%. With all three regions having success with our innovative products, market-leading flexibility and growth in key accounts. Within categories, Torics grew 15%, Multifocals grew 18%, Single-use Sphere grew 7%, and Non-Single-use Sphere, other grew 4%. Within modalities, Daily Silicone Hydrogel lenses grew 19%, and our silicone hydrogel monthly and two-week lenses Biofinity and Avera vitality grew 8%. Turning to products, and starting with our high-growth daily silicone hydrogel portfolio, we continue to outperform expectations with MyDay. We just passed the two-year anniversary of the MyDay Multifocal launch, and the pace of growth on this product remains outstanding. The unique combination of an advanced multifocal design paired with an easy-fitting system has resulted in very high satisfaction levels, including a 98% fit success rate in two pairs or less. This makes it a win for the doctor and the patient, and it shows in our results and momentum. From a personal perspective, as I shared last quarter, I now wear MyDay Multifocals, and I continue to be amazed at how easy the lenses are to insert and remove, and how fantastic my distance and near vision are. And I put these lenses in as soon as I wake up, and I dont take them out until bedtime. I may be biased, but I truly believe these are the best multifocal lenses on the market, and our sales growth certainly supports that. Moving to MyDay Toric, demand remains very strong following the rollout of our parameter expansion across North America and Europe. This success is due to the products market-leading torque design, which mirrors Biofinitys design, and our industry-leading SKU range. In MyDay Energous, our most recent launch continues to impress eye care practitioners and patients with its innovative digital boost technology designed specifically for todays digital lifestyle. The lenses deliver fantastic comfort, and sales are exceeding our expectations. And Im proud to say that MyDay Energous was recently voted the most innovative product of 2023 by U.S. eye care practitioners, an awesome accomplishment and a great recognition for our team. With the success of these MyDay products, we certainly look forward to rolling them out in additional markets around the world as soon as capacity allows. And while MyDay continues to be our key growth driver in the daily silicone segment, were continuing to have success with Clarity, which offers a full family of spears, Torics, and multifocals at a great price point. The initial comfort, excellent handling, and price positioning have led Clarity to be a lens of choice for new wearers. Outside of dailies, demand for our Biofinity family of products remains healthy, led by Torics and multifocals. And Im excited to announce well be launching our highly successful Biofinity Toric multifocal to several new markets in the coming year in response to extremely strong demand. Avera also had a nice quarter led by Torics. Moving to myopia Management. We posted revenues of $35 million, up 41%, with MiSight up 46%. This was another excellent quarter for MiSight, powered by growth in the Americas and EMEA, while Asia Pac was flat due to challenges in China. As we enter fiscal 2024, were expecting excellent growth, with the positive trends in the Americas and EMEA continuing, and Asia Pac returning to growth as the region has hurtled past stocking orders and is already showing improving trends. Additionally, were continuing to see high retention rates, growing momentum in key accounts, and a nice halo effect on our other products. All this adds up to over 250,000 children around the world wearing MiSight and momentum being very strong. MiSight remains the first and only FDA approved contact lens for myopia control, and its backed by extensive clinical data. This is a crucial differentiator as the proactive management of myopia becomes standard-of-care within the eye care community to help reduce the -progression of myopia in children, along with reducing the risks of long-term eye health problems associated with myopia, such as cataracts, retinal detachment, and macular degeneration. Meanwhile, our Ortho-K franchise had a nice rebound quarter, growing 37% year-over-year. To finish on CooperVision, the contact lens market grew roughly 7% in calendar Q3, with CooperVision taking share, growing 10%. We expect the market to remain healthy, growing 5% to 7% this coming year, supported by the long-term macro growth trend of more people needing vision correction. Its estimated that 50% of the global population will have myopia by the year 2050, up from roughly 34% today. This is driven by kids spending more time indoors, and the related greater use of digital screens, among other factors. When you combine this with the ongoing shift to silicone hydrogel dailies, the increasing focus on higher value products and higher pricing, we expect many years of solid growth for the industry. Within this, we expect to remain a leader with our innovation, robust product portfolio, ongoing product launches, strength in premium toric and multifocal products, our fast-growing myopia management business, and our leading new fit data. Moving to CooperSurgical, we posted record revenues of $304 million, up 7% organically. This included fertility sales of $121 million, up 15% organically, which was our 12th consecutive quarter of double-digit organic growth. Within this, we saw share gains around the world and throughout our portfolio, driven by our market-leading products and services, including consumables, capital equipment, and reproductive genetic testing. We also continued investing in geographic expansion, key accounts, and R&D. Were entering fiscal 2024 as one of the fastest-growing and most innovative fertility companies in the world. Were developing and launching new products, opening new donor sites, providing extensive training through our Centers of Excellence, expanding in new and existing geographies, and were well-positioned to continue delivering success, given our great team, diverse portfolio, and global momentum. For the broader fertility market, the macro growth trends remain intact, starting with women delaying childbirth. Age is a key factor in contributing to the need for fertility assistance, and the median age of a womans first birth in the U.S. and within several other developed countries is roughly 30 years old and moving higher. Other growth drivers include improving access to treatment, increasing patient awareness, increasing fertility benefits coverage, and technology improvements to address both male and female infertility challenges. The World Health Organization data highlights that one in six people globally are affected by infertility at some point in their lives, and given that one-third of the underlying cause of infertility is women, one-third is men, and one-third is a combination of the two or unknown, this is an issue that impacts a lot of people and will continue to do so in the future. Moving to office and surgical, we posted sales of $183 million, up 3% organically, with medical devices growing 3% against a very challenging comp. Within this part of our business, we recently closed the acquisition of several highly strategic products from Cook Medical. Given the strength of our medical device team and the success were having in the labor and delivery space where several of these acquired products reside, this will be a great deal for us, and I look forward to reporting future results on these products. Stem cell storage posted solid growth of 6%, and PARAGARD was flat, as higher pricing offset declining unit sales. To conclude on CooperSurgical, we take great pride being able to say that every minute somewhere around the world, a baby is born using CooperSurgical products. Were making a difference in peoples lives, and thats part of what makes this business really special for us. Moving to fiscal 2024, let me provide comments on revenue guidance, and Brian will cover the rest of the P&L. We expect CooperVision to post strong results and are guiding to 7% to 9% organic revenue growth for the year. The main limiter to this growth is capacity challenges from new wearer demand, especially for MyDay. We expect these capacity constraints to pressure revenues in fiscal Q1, resulting in growth of around 7% for the quarter. We are actively bringing additional capacity online, though, and expect to report high single digit to double digit growth as we move through the year. For CooperSurgical, were guiding to full year organic revenue growth of 4% to 6%, which includes another year of strength and fertility, low to mid-single digit growth in medical devices and stem cell storage, and flat to slightly down in PARAGARD due to declining volumes. To conclude, let me say this was a great year for Cooper, and weve entered fiscal 2024 with great momentum. But none of this is possible without the incredible hard work and dedication of our employees, so a big thank you to the entire Global Cooper team for another incredible year. And now Ill turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Andrews: Thank you, Al, and good afternoon, everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to our earnings release for a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. For the fourth quarter, consolidated revenues were $927 million, up 9% as reported, and up 9% organically. Consolidated gross margin was 66.7%, up from 65% last year, driven by better operational performance at both CooperVision and CooperSurgical, along with favorable currency. Operating expenses grew 8%, improving to 42.3% of revenues, as we saw leverage from prior investment activity. Consolidated operating margin improved to 24.4%, up from 22.2%, led by the strong gross margins and leverage from our operating expenses. Below operating income, interest expense was $26.4 million, and the effective tax rate was slightly higher than guidance at 12.8%. Non-GAAP EPS was $3.47, with roughly 49.9 million average shares outstanding. With respect to FX, it was $0.25 positive year-over-year for the quarter, which was $0.02 worse than expected in our Q4 guidance. Free cash flow was $29 million, with CapEx of $145 million. Net debt decreased to $2.45 billion. For the full year 2023, we reported record revenues of $3.6 billion, up 9%, or up 10% organically, and non-GAAP EPS of $12.81. Within this, consolidated operating income grew 11% on a constant currency basis. To provide additional color on our fourth quarter results, first, we had solid execution with an emphasis on delivering stronger gross margins and leveraging our operating expenses. This focus on delivering a more leveraged P&L is continuing in fiscal 2024. Second, we completed a significant amount of infrastructure and integration activity this quarter. This puts us in an excellent position to deliver success moving forward, including ramping up capacity and implementing continuous improvement projects. And lastly, we finished the majority of the integration of our specialty lens care unit into our core CooperVision business. This is a great move from a commercial and efficiency perspective, but it did result in a non-cash intangible asset impairment charge associated with the discontinuation of certain products, which was a large part of our non-GAAP adjustments this quarter. Before moving to guidance, let me mention that we closed the acquisition of select Cook medical assets on November 1st. The purchase price was $300 million, with $200 million paid at closing, and the remaining $100 million to be paid in two $50 million annual installments. The acquired assets generated approximately $56 million in trailing 12-month revenue as of September 30th, 2023, and we expect growth of 5% to 7% in constant currency this year, excluding one-time charges and yield-related amortization. The transaction is expected to be accretive to non-GAAP gross and operating margins and accretive to non-GAAP earnings per share by approximately $0.20 in fiscal 2024. Moving to guidance, were guiding to fiscal 2024 consolidated revenues of $3.81 to $3.88 billion, up 6% to 8% organically, with CooperVision revenues of $2.55 to $2.6 billion, up 7% to 9% organically, and CooperSurgical revenues of $1.26 to $1.28 billion, up 4% to 6% organically. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $13.60 to $14. This assumes roughly $110 million of interest expense, which includes the debt from the assets acquired from Cook Medical and no interest rate changes by the Fed during our fiscal year. For tax, were still expecting a roughly 15% effective tax rate, excluding any discrete items, such as stock option exercises. For currency, were using roughly current rates, which result in a year-over-year FX headwind of roughly 1% to revenues and roughly 5% to earnings. And lastly, the EPS range corresponds to roughly 10% to 13% constant currency OI growth, excluding Cook, or 13% to 16% with the Cook acquisition accretion. To wrap up, as announced in our earnings release, our board has approved a four-for-one stock split with an effective date of February 16, 2024. This is in response to many years of strength in our stock and our desire to adjust the price to make ownership more accessible to employees and investors. And lastly, we made the decision to stop paying our de minimis semi-annual dividend. With that, let me conclude by saying fiscal 2023 was a record year for Cooper, and were well positioned to deliver solid growth and leverage in fiscal 2024. And now, Ill hand it back to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from a line of Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Jason Bednar: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions, and congrats on the close of the year. I wanted to start first on CVI revenue growth guidance and really connect the discussion on pricing. Youre guiding to more share gains here, Al and Brian. I think growth is like two points above the market, at least how youre calling it. I think youve historically been seeing price gains below peers, though. Were hearing you implemented a price increase at the beginning of this month thats at or above peers. So when we think about your CVI growth guidance, and youre getting a little bit more aggressive with pricing than you have in the past, but your growth and performance versus the market is similar to where we started fiscal 2023, I guess, does this imply youre anticipating volume growth to moderate due to those capacity challenges you mentioned? And then maybe just, again, sorry for packing a few in here, but can you confirm that you have visibility these capacity challenges arent going to be a headwind beyond the current fiscal first quarter?
Albert White: Sure. Hey, Jason. A couple of things. Were still going to put out good growth in the first quarter here. I mentioned we think well be somewhere about roughly 7%. We are capacity constrained and that we could grow faster than that if we had more capacity, but a lot of wear demand on that. So we have new lines coming in. Well progress through the year bringing additional lines on so that well be able to continue to report upper single digits or even double digit growth in some quarters. When I look at our guidance of the 7 to 9, I think about price. Ill probably maybe give it in the context of the market, right. Last year, if we look at 2023, the market pricing was about 2% to 3%. We were on the lower end of that. I think if you looked at this year, pricing again in the market will probably be 2% to 3%. Well be at the higher end of that. And thats probably how I would define it. So I wouldnt read too much into a dramatic delta between our price increases and where I think the markets ultimately going to be. We did our price increase for some of our pricing at least here earlier in the year and then normal. Well see what some of our competitors do with respect to pricing in the coming months.
Jason Bednar: Okay. I know definitely a high class problem with the capacity challenges and it sounds like the pricing may be more in line with peers in the past. But if I want to zoom out one other maybe bigger picture question now. And this is a question I get a lot from investors. Whats it going to take to get operating margin expansion to come back to the business? Its the most common question we get. I think were now three years and theyre really seeing good growth across CBI and fertility. I guess, can you sustain that good top line growth if you moderate some of those investments? I know FX has been a challenge, but I guess will there become a time when youre more willing to commit to a multi-year margin expansion plan that could take us back into that 27% to 28% margin range for the business?
Albert White: Yes, I guess my response would be that we grew operating income 11% this year on a constant currency basis. Thats faster than revenues. Our consolidated guidance this year at the midpoint is 7%. And Brian just mentioned that our operating income constant currency growth is 10% to 13%. So thats leverage again and were focused on improving our operating margins and driving success there. So we did it in 23%. Were anticipating doing it in 2024. And my belief is youll continue to see that in the coming years.
Jason Bednar: Okay. All right. Fair enough. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from a line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Lawrence Biegelsen: Hey, Al and everyone. Thanks for taking the question. Hey, just Al, I just wanted to understand on the last call, you talked about guiding less conservatively at the start of the year. The guidance for fiscal 2024 is I think exactly the same as it was to start fiscal 2023. Is the only thing that changed the capacity and any more color on where those capacity constraints are?
Albert White: Yes, the capacity constraints are tied to MyDay. So we have continued to win wearers in MyDay at a faster clip than we were anticipating. A lot of that wearer growth and growth in my day is coming from Torics, especially, which have a wide skew range. So thats put some pressure on us. So I would kind of say, hey, the success that were having, again, in terms of wearer growth has driven some of those capacity changes. Now, we knew it. We saw that stuff. Weve been investing in CapEx. You can see that in our CapEx numbers. We have additional manufacturing capacity coming online. So were in good shape. Were just running into kind of a little bit more of a very short term issue here where well have a strong quarter, but maybe not a double digit quarter.
Lawrence Biegelsen: And is that the reason the guidance is exactly the same where you alluded to it on the Q3 call being a little bit more aggressive to start this year versus last year?
Albert White: Yes, if we had more in MyDay capacity, the guidance range would be higher.
Lawrence Biegelsen: Okay. And then, Brian, can you talk about the assumptions in the guidance for gross and operating margin for the full year and the cadence? I thought I heard sales commentary for the cadence, but not margin. And I didnt hear the myopia management number for fiscal 2024. Thank you.
Brian Andrews: Yes. Hi, Larry. Currency is a negative for both gross and operating margins next year. But gross margins should be pretty similar to last year, obviously up from a constant currency basis. With respect to operating margins, again, with currency is a negative, but itll be a little bit better on an as reported basis than last year. Were getting operating leverage from OpEx. With respect to our myopia management range, Im sorry with respect to our myopia and management range, we -- Al, do you want to take that?
Albert White: Sure. Yes, were not going to give a guidance range for myopia management this year. I mean, similar to all of our other products, were just not going to do guidance like we dont do for daily SI highs or anything else. I mean, well continue to give growth rates and details and so forth, but Im not going to get into a guidance range. One other thing, Larry, I just want to mention, like our usual guidance, if you will, put that in quotes, usual guidance, and certainly pre-COVID was kind of running at the market at four to six and us six to eight. I mean, the market at five to seven and seven to nine is greater than our kind of pre-COVID, if you will, traditional guidance. So I just want to be clear that we are guiding to a stronger market overall and stronger performance from us than we used to guide to at least pre-COVID.
Lawrence Biegelsen: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from a line of Jeff Johnson with Baird. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Johnson: Yes, thanks. Good evening, guys. Al, just going back to some of the capacity and supply issues, we hear a letter went out in Japan. Im not sure if it did in other markets as well, just on some of those supply constraints. So should we be thinking about geographically that 7% is going to be most impacted in the Asia-Pac region, number one? And number two, I think over the last couple of years, as a lot of contact lens companies, you guys included, have dealt with a lot of this rebound and strong move to dailies and that, which is helping fuel that top line. Weve seen some things pop up, right, on the distribution side, on the warehousing side, some added costs. You are having to put in some extra lines to kind of hit these demand things, which are good. Can you give us any assurances that this year you dont feel like theres going to be anything that gets uncovered kind of mid-year that all of a sudden adds some costs or takes away from some of the earnings that are being guided to for this year? Thanks.
Albert White: Yes, yes. Great questions. Let me answer that second one first. You are right. We have a lot more volume going through our supply chain, if you will, or through our logistics chain. We did a significant amount of that work over the last couple of years. And I take my hat off to our global distribution team. Theyve done an amazing job. Im happy to say that the vast majority of that activity is getting behind us. And Ill use the example Ive talked about, which is our West Henrietta Distribution Center outside of Rochester, New York. Great team. Theyre a great group of people. Theyve done a really nice job. That expansion is done. So the risk associated with that kind of activity is significantly lower. Same thing, our liaise [Ph] team in Europe did a fantastic job with software updates and so forth. So I think were in a really good spot when it comes to our distribution, our packaging, labelling, distribution, and so forth. And Ive got a lot of confidence in the team there. So happy to say a lot of that work is behind us. On the supply constraints, again, its my day related. From a regional perspective, well see how that plays out. I dont want to kind of point to any particular region or tip my hat from a competitive perspective or anything else to anyone. So well see how it plays out. Ill certainly, obviously, give commentary on that on the Q1 quarter. But again, I just want to be clear, were still expecting a good solid Q1.
Jeffrey Johnson: Yes, no, you come up against double-digit comp, I get that. So all good there. And then, Brian, if I could just pin you down a little bit on the guidance, on the EPS guidance. I just want to make sure I understand, the pound, the euro, some of those currencies have been kind of in a pretty tight range here over the last few weeks. The yen is what has really strengthened quite a bit in just the last week or two. Obviously, you guys have a pretty big sensitivity to the yen. So when you say youre using current rates, Im assuming you guys didnt update your guidance this morning as the yen was off or strengthened a couple, two and a half, three points. So just, are you at $148 on the yen, $146 on the yen, $144? I know its ridiculous to have to single currency, but just the sensitivity is there. So Id like to know kind of where were starting the assumptions on that $1360 to $14. Thanks.
Brian Andrews: Hi, Jeff. Yes, I guess what Ill say is, we use roughly current rates, but youre absolutely right. We did not factor in todays currency moves, in particular, the yen. So, like with guidance, were initiating the year. We always exercise a certain level of prudence. And I would say we do that with respect to currency as well.
Jeffrey Johnson: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jon Block with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Block: Yes, guys. Great. Thanks for the questions. I want to just stick with the constraint for a second. And Al, you always mention the challenges on capacity. And I think youre always very transparent about it. But, you have been seemingly staying ahead of the demand curve, unlike some of your competitors. And what recently changed? Because I wouldnt think the demand in an industry thats very consistent, in terms of the growth rate, can the demand really spike suddenly in a six, eight, ten week timeframe that calls you to be from, in front of it to behind it? Or was it really acute because its in one particular part of the portfolio? And then maybe if thats the case, how do you have the confidence that you are able to rectify or reconcile it, over the next two to three months?
Albert White: Yes, great question, Jon. In a way, its not a demand spike, so to speak, as much as it has been consistently strong demand. Remember that when youre talking about the MyDay lines, and a lot of our manufacturing lines now, its still taking us somewhere in the area of 18 months from the time we order that line to the time the line is producing product that we can sell into the marketplace. Thats still a little bit longer because of all the robotics, camera systems, and so forth. So youre talking about if we had an increase in demand, which weve seen on those products, say over the last six, nine months, that kind of thing, right, you can order new lines. But to catch up on that sometimes, it takes a little while, right? So what youre getting in for production here right now would be lines that we ordered a year and a half ago. So I think the team did a really nice job in terms of planning that out, and we continue to plan that out in advance. But its a little hard to tie that together. When you get an extended period of time of winning more wearers than you anticipated, you can get yourself in these kind of situations. But where I get comfortable is we know what lines are coming on. We can see the production. We see the lines coming on. Our manufacturing team is insanely strong at getting these lines ramped up and into production, and theyre doing a great job. So we have all the schedules. We have the demand. We see all the activity and so forth, and were able to manage it.
Jonathan Block: Okay, thanks. That was great, color. And just to shift right over to you, and sorry if I missed this earlier on EPS, but anything to call out regarding the cadence throughout fiscal 2024, as we think about FX being particularly violent last year and maybe, I dont know, less leverage in fiscal 1Q due to some of those constraints that are most acute, in the current quarter. Thanks.
Brian Andrews: Hi, Jon. Yes, I guess I wouldnt really  theres nothing in particular that I would point out. Were going to have a -- I think well start off with a good year, as Al said, and but if theres going to be something maybe that I point out is, if I look at currency today, the biggest impact from currency is probably hitting us in Q2 versus the other quarters. But outside of that, I would say kind of, normal seasonality gating kind of phasing through the year.
Jonathan Block: Fair enough. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch with Citi. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Good afternoon. This is actually Anthony Hufford [Ph], Joanne. Thanks for taking our questions. Just one from us. Are you -- do you think youre losing any potential new customers related to these capacity challenges in MyDay?
Albert White: We -- were definitely not losing any customers. Thats for damn sure. And were continuing to gain new wearers. Theres no question about that. Could we be gaining even more wearers? Yes, I do. I think were going to permanently lose them. No, because we are going to have the product. Its rolling into the market. Im not talking about a dramatic change. Were giving guidance for the year of seven to nine, and were talking about doing a seven in Q1. So lets not blow this out of proportion, right? This is a --theres a short-term, like, little thing here from a revenue perspective. But we are winning wearers at an abnormally large clip. Were going to continue to win wearers this quarter in Q1, and were going to win them the rest of this year.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Bijou with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Craig Bijou: Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. I wanted to start with a follow-up on FX, and obviously its been volatile. To the extent that the dollar weakens over the course of your fiscal year, I guess I just wanted to get a sense for how you guys plan to either let that fall to the bottom line, or if there is potential reinvestment of some of the benefits there.
Albert White: Hi, Craig. Yes, great question. Weve been getting this question a lot because currency has been really moving against us year after year after year. I certainly would love to see this trend continue, but certainly if it does and the dollar were to weaken, yes, were going to let that currency fall through to the bottom line.
Craig Bijou: You want the recent trend to continue.
Albert White: The recent trend to continue. Thats exactly right.
Craig Bijou: Yes, understood. Then maybe for you, Al, just any update on Cyclas [Ph] and the timing or any communications or maybe even any expectations that you expect on the data front or that youve heard from the FDA? Just whats the timing? Whats the thinking on Cyclas?
Albert White: Yes, I mean, no. Unfortunately, I guess Id say no updates right now on Cyclas. Were continuing to progress and do work. Were selling that product in markets around the world. There continues to be positive momentum. Im excited about it, but I dont have any good updates to give you right now. Maybe on the next call that we have, but really nothing right now.
Craig Bijou: Okay, thanks for taking the questions, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Robbie Marcus: Oh, great. Hello, and thanks for taking the questions. Two from me. First on free cash flow, it looks like you came in plus or minus $170 million on the year. I think that this time last year, you got it to $300 million. What drove the shortfall in 2003, and how should we think about free cash flow generation in 2024?
Brian Andrews: Hi, Robbie. Yes, we actually came in at $215 million of free cash flow. Obviously, we had a pretty large CapEx year. We ended the year at $393 million in CapEx. We had been guiding around 400, so we kind of landed right at that mark. We had the Cook termination fee that we paid in 2023, so that offset some of the free cash flow. Interest, FX, taxes were also headwinds in 2023. So that kind of really put a damper on free cash flow generation. I do expect that free cash flow will improve in 2024, probably in excess of $100 million over 2023. We still have some headwinds tied to FX, taxes and interest, probably about $50 million that are creating more of a headwind for us. But certainly, if I look at CapEx, its going to be elevated again in 2024, probably similar levels as we saw in 2023.
Robbie Marcus: Great. And apologies on my math. Maybe more of a strategic question here. Youve had the past few years, double-digit organic top-line growth, yet were just not seeing it translate down to the bottom line for a number of reasons, whether its the operating margin or currency. So how do you think about your commitment to double-digit EPS growth on a reported basis? And are there any things you could do moving forward to help with the consistency? I dont know if its a return to hedging or something else, but how do you think about the necessity of giving us reported EPS leverage growth?
Albert White: Sure. I think Ill go back to a question Craig asked there with Brian. A couple of things. One is, as we talked about last year and as we gave guidance this year, we are talking about our operating income growth and constant currency. When it comes to FX, weve seen it move nicely in our favor, as Jeff said, or asked. Some of thats not incorporated in the current guidance, but its great to have currency moving in our favor. And Ill reiterate what Brian said, which is were going to continue to manage the business that way. If currency moves in our favor, that currency is going to flow through the P&L. We have great investors and a lot of them have stuck with us as weve worked through the last several years where currency moved against us. And they deserve to get the opposite side of that. If currency moves in our favor, that will flow through the P&L and well post some strong quarters. I think EPS was up 26% this quarter. Id love to see currency move in our favor and post some more really strong quarters. So thats what I would tell you, is we run this business to drive constant currency leverage and growth. We plan on delivering that and hopefully, fingers crossed, we get some positive currency that helps us drive that. And then on top of that, I guess maybe one other add would be generating cash flow, paying down some debt, reducing interest expense.
Robbie Marcus: Great. Thanks for taking the question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Lichtman with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Steven Lichtman: Thank you. Al, you mentioned expected price increases for the industry here near term at about the same year-over-year level as we saw over the last 12 months. What is your confidence in the sustainability of price increases for you and the industry as year-over-year inflation moderates? I think youve said that 2% to 3% is maybe a point, point and a half above historical levels.
Albert White: Yes. Were a little early probably this year compared to some other years in terms of our price increases, so well see what other people do. But Ive talked a little bit about some of the constraints we have here in capacity. We have competitors who have similar challenges. We dont have some of the other supply chain challenges some of them have been working through. But at the end of the day, the core contact lens industry is growing nicely. Its growing for a number of different reasons. Trade-ups, growth in Torics, growth in multifocals, growth in wearers, geographic expansion. One of the things thats happening as we move to this kind of happy oligopoly, because remember, ourselves, J&J and Alcon are close to 90% of global revenues for contact lenses, is youre seeing a lot of demand for contact lenses, and thats creating an environment where all of us are struggling to keep up with that demand. And it takes a lot of time to get new manufacturing lines in a ramp-up capacity and manage through all the logistics that you have to do with this growth. So thats a long way of saying that I believe for the foreseeable future, the contact lens industry is going to have very strong demand. Anytime you have strong demand and you have capacity-related issues associated with demand challenges, you normally have an environment where you have pricing. Companies are able to take pricing in that to offset some of those challenges. And then I would also add any inflationary pressures that are potentially out there. So I happen to believe youre going to see pricing trend at a higher level here for a number of years in front of us.
Steven Lichtman: Got it. Thanks, Al. And Brian, just a follow-up on the tax rate for FY24 here. Does that contemplate Pillar 2 or based on your fiscal year, it doesnt? And if it doesnt, how should we be thinking about that over the medium term?
Brian Andrews: I see. Yes, that does contemplate Pillar 2. Our expectations are incorporated in guidance. And Ill just restate, we expect our ETR to be around 15% pre-decrease.
Steven Lichtman: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from a line of David Saxon with Needham. Please go ahead.
David Saxon: Great. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe one on CBI, one on CSI. For CooperVision, just wanted to ask on MiSight, what inning are we in in terms of MiSight coverage? And for the payers that are covering it, like Aetna and Kaiser, what portion of the cost do they actually reimburse?
Albert White: Were in the first inning on that. And were probably, I dont even know if theres one out in the game. Its very early in that. So Aetna just started coverage of that. Kaiser has some coverage on that. But in terms of insurance reimbursement and getting that through the industry to optometrists and so forth, it is very, very early in that process. So theres some very significant potential upside associated with that. But I do not want to get in front of that because were very, very early in that game.
David Saxon: Okay. And just I guess how much theyre reimbursing. And then Ill just ask my second question on PARAGARD. I mean, volumes, obviously, have been kind of flat to down, especially this past quarter. So just wanted to get your updated thoughts on that product. Is there anything you can do to drive recovery in volumes? Or is PARAGARD growth going to be primarily driven by pricing over the long term? And if so, I guess at what point does that ability to drive growth through pricing kind of go away? Thanks so much.
Albert White: Yes, sure. Yes, the amounts vary depending upon who it is and how its covered and what plans people have for MiSight. I mean, some of the coverage gets fairly high, as high as 50 or as high as 80%. So I think a lot of that coverage would be half up to 80% coverage. But again, I just want to caveat that by saying its very early in the process of how its defined and how its reimbursed. So a lot of work there. On PARAGARD, yes, were guiding to a flat to maybe down year. The challenge is around volume. Theres access to other birth control options that are out there, be it easier access to birth control pills, as an example, or other areas. I think the IUD market is going to continue to be pressured from a volume perspective. We do take price, as do other people in that space, and that kind of offsets it. But I think as you look at IUDs, at least for this year, and I dont know if I want to forecast too much farther out, but were going to be looking at flat to declining volume. So thats just the world that we live in right now with respect to IUDs.
David Saxon: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Navann Ty with BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Navann Ty: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions and the callers so far. So will the 2024 share gains be in contact lenses and CooperSurgical as well, and will they be driven by innovation? And can I also please ask about your capital allocation priorities after the maternal health acquisition?
Albert White: Yes, so I would say on capital allocation, our focus, frankly, is on paying down debt right now. Well continue to do the things we do, but well have a heavier focus on paying down debt. If I look at share gains, yes, we anticipate continuing to take share and contact lenses. A lot of that will come from innovation because theres some exciting products out there. Like I talked about, MyDay Energous as an example, which is doing really well, a really cool, innovative product thats doing well. And then some of it I call innovation tied to some of the stuff that weve been doing, like on the multifocal side and on the Toric side. So I think well have another good year within the vision space. And I think well take share also within CooperSurgical, certainly within fertility. Great team there doing just an absolutely fantastic job, just posted a tremendous quarter. I have all the faith in the world in them, and were continuing to invest behind them. And well continue to invest behind them moving forward. And I think well see ongoing share gains within fertility.
Navann Ty: Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Anthony Petrone with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Anthony Petrone: Thanks. Maybe one on Vision, one on Surgical. On the Vision side, going back to MiSight, maybe just to recap on what youre seeing from early patient adopters. Are there any noticeable drop-offs, or is the attach rate still high? And then when you think of prescribers, the early adopters on the prescriber end, are they writing more prescriptions for MiSight? And then just really quickly on surgical, when we think of just kind of the M&A landscape, we would assume that IBF, there was issues there from antitrust, so that wouldnt be an area. What other areas in womens health are potentially attractive to CSI? Thanks.
Albert White: For CSI, yes, well continue to look at some tuck-in acquisitions and so forth if we can find them. Again, I would reiterate, though, that we are looking at paying down debt. Weve done, I think, a deal thats going to turn out to be fantastic for us that we closed November 1st. So well keep our eyes open maybe on some medical device stuff or some smaller tuck-ins that are out there. And if something comes along that makes sense, wed evaluate that. Otherwise, well focus on paying down debt. If I look at MiSight, our retention rates remain very high. We use an app that tracks all that, so all of our patients are on an app, and were still running somewhere around that 90% retention rate. We are seeing increasing fitting activity around the world. Were seeing increasing fitting activity within key accounts also, which is kind of exciting for us right now. So the trends are good there. We had a good Q4. Im anticipating a good Q1 right off the bat. We normally have our business kind of a sequential decline. Itll be interesting to see whether we even have that within MiSight, given the strength of that business, the momentum thats going on right now in terms of the number of fits that are out there and the growth that were seeing. So more to come on that one.
Anthony Petrone: Thanks again.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call over to Al White for closing remarks.
Albert White: Great. Thank you. Just to summarize, record year, record revenues, and vision, surgical, strong OI growth this year. Were giving guidance, and we believe were going to have another strong year this year all the way through the P&L. So Im excited about where things stand today, and Im looking forward to this year because I think its going to be a really good year for us. So thank you to all of our employees around the world who killed it this year and are continuing to do an amazing job. And thank you for everyone who called in, and well talk later. Thank you. Thank you, operator.
Operator: I would like to thank our speakers for todays presentation, and thank you all for joining us. This now concludes todays call, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-08-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Krista, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Third Quarter 2023 Cooper Companies Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions].  I will now turn the conference over to Kim Duncan, Vice President of Investor Relations and Risk Management. You may begin your conference.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon, and welcome to The Cooper Companies Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. During today's call, we will discuss the results and guidance included in the earnings release and then use the remaining time for questions. Our presenters on today's call are Al White, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Andrews, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements, including anticipated results of operations, revenue, EPS, operating income, tax rate and other financial guidance anticipated expenses, benefits of infrastructure investments, strategic and operational initiatives, market and regulatory conditions and trends, product launches and demand and pending or possible transactions. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward-looking Statements in today's earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including Cooper's Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings, all of which are available on our website at coopercos.com.  Also, as a reminder, the non-GAAP financial information we will provide on this call is provided as a supplement to our GAAP information. We encourage you to consider our results under GAAP as well as non-GAAP and refer to the reconciliations provided in our earnings release, which is available on the Investor Relations section of our website under quarterly materials. Should you have any additional questions following the call, please e-mail: ir@cooperco.com.  And now I'll turn the call over to Al for his opening remarks.
Albert White: Thank you, Ken, and welcome, everyone, to Cooper Company's third quarter fiscal 2023 conference call. Demand for our products and services remains very healthy, and we solidly exceeded revenue expectations, posting record quarterly revenues of $930 million, driven by strong sustainable organic growth. CooperVision reported record quarterly revenues in its tenth consecutive quarter of double-digit organic revenue growth and CooperSurgical reported record quarterly revenues with its fertility business posting its 11th consecutive quarter of double-digit organic revenue growth.  Our teams are delivering impressive results, our momentum is strong, and we're executing well on our strategic growth initiatives. Moving to the numbers. Consolidated revenues were $930 million, up 12% organically. CooperVision posted revenues of $630 million, up 13% organically and CooperSurgical posted revenues of $300 million, up 9% organically. Exceeding $600 million in quarterly revenues was the first for CooperVision and exceeding $300 million was the first for CooperSurgical. CooperVision's growth was driven by our daily silicone hydrogel portfolios and CooperSurgical's growth was led by our fertility business. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $3.35. For the quarter and reporting all percentages on an organic basis, CooperVision's revenue growth was strong and diversified. By geography, the Americas grew 12%, EMEA grew 13% and Asia Pac grew 16%. Throughout the world, we're leading with innovation tied to new products, expanded product ranges, market-leading flexibility, and growth in key accounts. Within categories, spheres grew 9%, Torics grew 16% and multifocal grew 19%.  Within modalities, Daily Silicone Hydrogel lenses accelerated and grew 23% with MyDay leading the way. Daily silicone hydrogel lenses continue to be the main driver of growth for the contact lens industry, and we offer the broadest portfolio with MyDay and Clarity available on a wide range of spheres Torics, and multifocal. And lastly, our silicone hydrogel monthly and two-week lenses Biofinity and Avera vitality grew a healthy 8%. Turning to products and starting with our high-growth daily silicone hydrogel portfolio, we're six months into the U.S. launch of our highly innovative MyDay Energous lens and the ramp is progressing exceptionally well. This premium lens taps into a fundamental wear or need catering to the demands of today's lifestyle by incorporating digit -- digital boost technology to alleviate the impacts of digital eye strain. It's a big success with eye care practitioners and wearers alike, our sales momentum is very strong. We're also seeing high demand for MyDay Toric as we continue rolling out our parameter expansion across North America and Europe.  This demand is being driven by its market-leading Toric design, which mirrors Biofinity's design, and our industry-leading SKU range, which is by far the widest Toric range in the daily market. this broad range, eye care practitioners are capitalizing on the opportunity to offer their two-week and monthly Toric wearers the option to enjoy the freedom of wearing a daily Toric lens. And last but not least, MyDay Multifocal continues to take considerable share around the world, reestablishing CooperVision's position in the premium multifocal market segment. We continue to hear from eye care practitioners how easy the lens is to fit and how fantastic the visual acuity is. And I can speak to this personally as I was recently fit in contact lenses for the very first time in well with MyDay multifocal.  The process was remarkably fast and easy, and these lenses are truly amazing. To conclude on MyDay, this technologically superior family of products continues to deliver high growth and our momentum is fantastic. And lastly, within the daily segment, our Clarity family of lenses continues to perform well by offering a high-quality product at a mass market price point. It was especially nice to see strength with Clarity in several international markets, including an acceleration of sales in Asia Pac. Outside of dailies, demand for Biofinity remains strong, led by Toric, multifocal, and our custom offerings and Avera vitality had a solid quarter led by Toric. Moving to myopia Management. We posted revenues of $30 million, up 30%, with MiSight up 53%. MiSight accelerated this quarter, posting its best growth for the year, even with China declining year-over-year due to tough comps against the stocking order last year. Meanwhile, our Ortho-K franchise had a difficult quarter tied to portfolio realignment and weakness in China. Fiscal Q4 started off well, though, and we remain comfortable with our full-year guidance of $120 million to $130 million, albeit probably at the lower end, as strength in MiSight like won't offset Ortho-K often.  Regarding MiSight, we're seeing improving fitting trends around the world, driven by key accounts, higher-volume pediatric optometry practices, and from the successful integration of the sales process from our specialty lens unit into our regular sales channel. We're also continuing to see very high retention rates, including roughly 90% in the U.S. along with an ongoing positive halo effect with MiSight practitioners accelerating their use of other CooperVision lenses. We also recently confirmed that Aetna is now covering MiSight under medical plans to opt in to lens coverage which represents 70% to 80% of Aetna plans. This all is Kaiser, who started covering MiSight through Vision Care plans roughly a year ago. This type of coverage is exciting, but it's still very early in the process, and we have a lot of work to do to ensure eye care practitioners and families understand what it means. To conclude on MiSight, as a reminder, it's the first and only FDA-approved contact lens for myopia control, and the product is backed by extensive clinical data. This is a critical differentiator as the proactive management of myopia become standard of care within the eye care community to help reduce the progression of myopian children along with reducing the risk of long-term eye health problems associated with myopia such as cataracts, retinal detachment, and macular degeneration.  To finish on CooperVision, the contact lens market grew roughly 8% in calendar Q2 with CooperVision taking share at 11%. We expect the market to remain healthy, supported by the long-term macro growth trend and more people needing vision correction. It's estimated that 50% of the global population will have myopia or nearsightedness by the year 2050, up from roughly 34% today. This is driven by kids spending less time outdoors and the related greater use of digital screen indoors, among other factors. When you combine this with the ongoing shift to silicone hydrogel dailies, the increasing focus on higher value such as Torics and multifocals, and higher pricing, we expect many years of growth for the industry. Within this, we expect CooperVision to remain a leader with its market-leading innovation, robust product portfolio, ongoing product launches, fast-growing myopia management business, and leading new fit data.  Moving to CooperSurgical. We posted 9% organic revenue growth, including fertility sales of $122 million, up 11% organically for its 11th consecutive quarter of double-digit organic growth. Our fertility business continues to perform at a very high level, and the future is bright with strong macro trends supporting the industry's growth. For the quarter, we once again realized success from our diverse offerings within consumables, capital equipment, reproductive genetic testing, and donor activity. And regionally, we posted solid growth in the Americas, EMEA, and Asia Pac. This was accomplished while investing in multiple areas, including geographic expansion, key accounts, infrastructure build-out, and R&D. We continue to launch new products and roll out existing products and new geographies, and we're clearly leading the way as one of the most innovative fertility companies in the world. In summary, we're in a fantastic place, and we're well-positioned to continue delivering success given our great team, diverse portfolio, and global momentum. Regarding the broader fertility market, the macro trends that are driving global growth remains strong, and we're continuing to see a lot of exciting activity in the space.  The industry has multiple growth drivers, starting with women delaying childbirth. Age is a key factor in contributing to the need for fertility assistance and the median age of a woman's first birth in the U.S. within several other developed countries is roughly 30 years old and continuing to move higher. Other growth drivers include improving access to treatment, increasing patient awareness, increasing fertility benefits coverage, and technology improvements for both male and female and fertility challenges. The World Health Organization recently released updated data showing that one in six people globally are affected by infertility at some point in their lives. And given that one-third of the underlying cause of infertility is women, one-third is men and one-third is a combination of the two or unknown. This is an issue that impacts a lot of people and will continue to do so in the future.  Moving to office and surgical, which includes medical devices, PARAGARD, and stem cell storage, we posted sales of $178 million, up 8% organically. Within this, Medical Devices reported strong growth of 11%, driven by positive procedure volume and strength in several core products. In particular, our surgical and labor and delivery products performed well.  Meanwhile, PARAGARD grew 7% as we saw some bounce back from last quarter's softness, and our stem cell storage business grew 4%, in line with expectations. To conclude on CooperSurgical, it's with great pride that we say that every minute, somewhere around the world, a baby is born using CooperSurgical products. Our business makes a difference in people's lives, and we love that. We're also operating in several markets that have excellent long-term growth characteristics, such as fertility. So, we feel good about where we're positioned and what the future holds. Before turning the call over to Brian, let me make some high-level comments on our strategic growth initiative. The last couple of years has shown the strength of our business with revenue growth accelerating as we exited the COVID pandemic. This is a result of a multiyear effort concentrated on investing to drive sustainable organic growth, and we've done this while completing several successful strategic acquisitions. We intend to continue with this growth strategy moving forward. And embedded within this is investing in our people, improving our infrastructure, expanding areas such as sales and marketing, investing in R&D.  With that, let me conclude by saying how proud I am of our teams. None of this is possible without the dedication and incredible hard work of our employees. Now let me turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Andrews : Thank you, Al, and good afternoon, everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to our earnings release for a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. Third quarter consolidated revenues were $930 million, up 10% as reported or up 12% organically. Consolidated gross margin was flat year-over-year at 66.1% with positive currency and product mix being offset by a certain period cost.  Operating expenses grew 9%, but improved to 42.2% of revenues as we started seeing leverage in parts of the P&L from prior investment activity. Consolidated operating margin improved to 23.9%, up from 23.4% last year, led by leveraging our operating expenses. Below operating income, interest expense was $26.8 million, and the effective tax rate was better than expected at 12.6% due to discrete items. Non-GAAP EPS was $3.35, with roughly 49.9 million average shares outstanding. With respect to FX, it was $0.07 worse than initially expected, mainly due to losses below the operating income line associated with certain unhedged currencies. This FX loss offset a better tax rate. That color to the P&L. Revenues exceeded expectations, and we're seeing leverage in certain OpEx line items. However, gross margins were below expectations due to softer-than-expected margins at CooperSurgical, and this negatively impacted earnings by roughly $0.08. This is primarily attributable to period costs largely in our fertility business. As an example, we are significantly ramping up our donor sperm and egg businesses that we acquired with generate.  This activity is moving ahead faster than expected, which is great news. But it created unexpectedly large period charges. We also had some inventory write-offs during the quarter. Some of this activity continued into August, but we expect these matters to be resolved during fiscal Q4 and not impact fiscal 2024. Meanwhile, regarding OpEx leverage, I'm pleased to report that we've completed several important upgrades this year, which will benefit us moving forward. This includes several large infrastructure improvements at CooperVision and CooperSurgical, including a major IT implementation at our primary European warehouse at CooperVision. Additionally, we essentially doubled the size of our U.S. distribution facility and added several upgraded packaging and labeling lines. And that facility is now online. This activity puts us in an excellent position to leverage the P&L moving forward. Back to the quarter, free cash flow was $52 million with CapEx of $91 million. Net debt decreased to $2.46 billion.  Before meeting the guidance, let me add that after quarter end, we paid a $45 million termination fee for ending the contemplated acquisition of Cook Medical's reproductive health business. This did not impact Q3 and it won't impact Q4 as P&L, but it will negatively impact free cash flow for Q4 as this is treated as a reduction in operating cash flow.  Moving to guidance. We are increasing our full-year revenue guidance to incorporate our strong fiscal Q3 results and the strength we're seeing as we enter fiscal Q4. For EPS, we're holding our range unchanged at the midpoint, which reconfirms roughly 11% constant currency operating income growth for the full year. Specific to fiscal Q4, the consolidated revenue guidance range is $912 million to $929 million, up 7% to 9% organically and CooperSurgical's revenues of $299 million to $305 million up 5% to 7% organically. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $3.39 to $3.57 based on a roughly 12% effective tax rate which offsets the softer gross margin in CooperSurgical and recent FX weakness led by the yen.  For fiscal 2024, it's too early to provide detailed guidance, but let me give some direction. At a high level, our focus remains on executing on our long-term growth objectives, which include expanding capacity and enhancing our supply chain capability. Within this, we will work to leverage the P&L with a focus on delivering low double-digit constant currency operating income growth next year. Outside of that, we expect a roughly 15% effective tax rate, subject to discrete items such as the positive impact of stock option exercises. In conclusion, this was another solid quarter. Our organic growth was strong and our momentum is very healthy in both CooperVision and CooperSurgical.  And with that, I'll hand it back to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Jon Block from Stifel. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jonathan Block : Hi, guys. Good afternoon. Brian, I might just sort of pick up where you left off a little bit. So maybe I'll ask about the quarter and the high-level fiscal '24. So, you had a solid top-line increase for both businesses, EPS midpoint unchanged. I just want to make sure. It seems like that was all COGS-related per your comments, Brian, nothing on OpEx. So just looking for sort of verification there. And if that's the case, I'm landing at around 20 or 30 bps of margin expansion this year with the updated guide being fiscal '23, that's got some of the GM headwinds you just alluded to. Should we think about that rate of OM expansion accelerating into fiscal '24, maybe getting back more in that range of 50 bps to 100 bps when we think about next year at a high level?
Brian Andrews : Yes. So just to answer the first part of your question, Jon, you're correct. It was really purely a gross margin miss that softened our EPS delivery in the quarter. Outside of what I provided for next year, in terms of this year, I mean, we're going to have margins sequentially up versus Q3. And like I said, OI growth is still -- we're still maintaining OI growth on a constant currency basis this year, growing double digits at 11%. And same kind of direction for next year. We're not -- I'm not going to get into giving guidance now. We'll do that in December, and I'll give more color in a few months once we get there.
Jonathan Block : Okay. Got it. And then maybe just a second question will be a little bit -- a couple of moving parts to it. But Al, can you speak to price durability of price? And just maybe, again, high level, if you think that's sticky going into fiscal '24? And also, just talk about your ability to stay ahead of the demand curve. Some of your competitors have been tripped up there. You put up really big growth in inside high dailies at least relative to our expectations, and obviously, that's got a demand component to it. So just your confidence you're able to stay ahead of the demand curve there. Thanks.
Albert White : Sure, Jon. I think we're on a pricing perspective, I think that's still positive. We've talked about that for a few quarters now, and I would probably just reconfirm the statements I've made in prior quarters, which is, the market is somewhere in that 2% to 3% range. We're probably a little on the lighter side of that. I would think that, that will probably improve some for us. But I think you'll see additional pricing in the market as we continue to move forward since inflation seems like it's lingering.  Ability to manage growth. We've got our challenges too. We do have some capacity issues in different spots, and we've had some challenges through our supply chain. That's for sure. I think we're in a decent place. We're obviously putting up some good revenue numbers. Demand is strong. It's costing us some money. So, I'd love to get some additional leverage, especially from operating expense leverage as we move forward out of distribution in some areas. But right now, we're pretty focused on delivering really high-quality customer service, meaning somebody orders a product. We're able to make that product and we're able to ship it and get it in their hands. And sometimes that costs us a little bit more money than we'd like for it to cost us. But I think we're in really good shape to be able to continue to hit revenues. It's just a matter of leveraging that, which I think you're actually going to see over the coming years. I think next year will be a more positive year. And I think the year after that, it will probably be even more positive.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Lawrence Biegelsen: Just two from me here, Just maybe Brian, on fiscal '24 commentary. Interest expense, should we expect that to be stable and FX headwind to EPS as of today? Is that about $0.50? And I had one follow-up.
Brian Andrews : Yes, I mean, gosh, I wish I could -- I wish I could give you a really good color on that. I mean, I guess I would say, subject to the Fed not doing anything surprising. We're going to pay down debt next year. So, I mean, hopefully, we see our interest expense at least flat or decline with our debt paydown. FX, it's just a moving target. It's just swinging so wildly. So, I mean, I hesitate to give you any kind of commentary on FX until we get to December.
Lawrence Biegelsen: Fair enough. And Al, you guided to 6% to 8% organic growth for total Cooper entering this year. You're guiding to 9% to 10% now. What are -- how do you think about the sustainability of that momentum next year? Just any color on that would be helpful. Thank you.
Albert White : You know me probably would lean towards kind of guiding to more on the conservative side, but I'm not even sure we will because our business is just remaining strong. It's just healthy. The markets that we operate in are healthy, we're healthy, we're taking share, we're continuing to launch products, whether it's Envision or surgical or roll products out around the world. So, I'm probably more optimistic than I normally would be at this point in time, as I look forward into next year or the following year. So, we'll give that guidance in a few months here, but I'm optimistic.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson from Baird. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Johnson : Thank you. Good afternoon guys. Al, I wanted to start maybe on your Clarity business, you mentioned some strength in Asia Pac and EMEA. How is that Clarity business in the U.S.? I mean, obviously, you're putting up double-digit PVI organic growth. You've got a peer that's doing the same. It seems like you two are both doing very well, but their entry-level daily silicone in the U.S. is just starting to move into those -- some of those specialty areas where Clarity has had some good success here over the years. So how is your Clarity business in the U.S. folding in? And where do you think kind of PVI growth? Do share gains continue into next year at kind of the pace they've been going at here in the last few quarters?
Albert White : Clarity in the U.S. is doing fine. It's -- we don't talk about or I don't talk about it may be as much. And I'm not sure that's necessarily fair to Clarity, if you will. It's just that MyDay is performing so well. The numbers are so strong in MyDay kind of across the board, whether it's Energys, which is going gangbusters or the Toric or the multifocal or this year, right, that sometimes I talk about Clarity a little, yes, a little less.  But no Clarity is still doing okay. It did accelerate its growth actually in Asia Pac, which was kind of nice to see, but it's still doing okay in the U.S. from a share gain perspective, I would think that -- yes, I would think moving forward, the rate of share gains that we've been having should be somewhat similar for the next several years just based on our product launches and the activity we have going on. I mean we're still pretty active with a lot of the product launches and the product expansion, geographic expansion of some of those products. So yes, I think we'll continue to take share for quite a while.
Jeffrey Johnson : All right. That's helpful. And then just as a follow-up on -- on PARAGARD, I was somewhat skeptical you hit that $50 million number this quarter. I've got you now at $51 million, I believe. So just maybe cross check my math on that. But again, is that all pricing? I would assume it is, but to go from $37.5 million last quarter to $51 million this quarter was a nice sequential bump that I wasn't convinced you could do. So just any color there outside of pricing, anything changing on your view of the PARAGARD business. Thanks.
Albert White : Yes, $51 million, you're right. No, nothing changing in my view. That was predominantly pricing. And there's always a little bit in all of our businesses, right, when it comes to a little bit of channel inventory and some of that kind of stuff. But now the driver on that is clearly pricing.
Jeffrey Johnson : Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Mishan from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Matthew Mishan : Hi. Thank you. Could you guys walk through the R&D pipeline and then sort of what's driving like the increased investments? I mean it's just -- it's one of those lines that's up a lot year-over-year.
Albert White : Yes, Matt, I mean I won't get too detailed on projects, but I will say within CooperVision, certainly, we've got higher R&D associated with myopia management. A lot of our MiSight activity is in there. So that's definitely occurring. Within our CooperSurgical business, there's increased R&D for a couple of different products actually, that we're seeing in our -- which would include in our fertility space also. But it's definitely tied to product development within both businesses.
Matthew Mishan : Okay. And then with, unfortunately, the Cook not being able to go through, how are you thinking about the investments that might need to be made to kind of push fertility into more of a global business? And how does that fit into the context of kind of leveraging the P&L moving forward?
Albert White : Yes. Well, I would say that right now, Fertility is a global business, no question, right? We have a very big European presence, and we have an Asia Pac presence in some countries, much stronger than others. But no, we're investing in that business right now to drive international growth. We did it here in Q3. We're going to in Q4. We're going to do definitely more investing next fiscal year to support the long-term growth of the fertility franchise that's all embedded within the numbers Brian gave you of 11% this year, constant currency OI growth, and within the objective next year to deliver low double-digit constant currency OI growth.  So yes, I mean we're continuing to invest. There's no question about that, and fertility is definitely one of the areas we're investing in.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Bednar from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jason Bednar: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. I'd echo the congrats here on the good quarter. Al and Brian, on contact lenses that performance is really good versus the market. As you called out in the calendar quarter, your fiscal quarter, you had the benefit of trading in April for July, which was definitely a good trade. But it also seems like just based on the fourth quarter guidance, you're seeing good results for your core business. Can you elaborate what's changed in your guidance for the fourth quarter? I think you're going to have street numbers that are moving up a little bit. Is it a certain product category or geography where you're more comfortable or confident today?
Albert White : Yes. I would probably end up saying that where we are today versus where we started the year, we were looking at the possibility, remember, like a little bit of a recession or an economic slowdown. We haven't seen that. And if you look at our sales of our products, the -- some of the higher priced products are actually selling better and even accelerating when I look at like MyDay, Energys as an example, MyDay, multifocal some of those kind of products. So, it just feels like as we sit here today, we're in a better environment. And that's -- somebody asked about that earlier when you look at fiscal '24 for us. I just feel like we're in a better, more stable environment right now. with a lot of good products that have a lot of good momentum.
Jason Bednar: Okay. And then maybe as a follow-up because I wanted to ask on your key account strategy that's actually -- it seems like a maybe a little bit of a recession hedge, but as you said, your higher value lens are doing better here. I don't think I caught an update on the key account strategy, but maybe just talk about what you're seeing there with respect to share gains and then any shift in terms of emphasis higher or lower on that strategy maybe as we look ahead to fiscal '24.
Albert White : Yes. You would think that some of the store brands or private label activity, if you will, would be driving more of the growth, right, because that would be a hedge, if you will, against an inflationary environment. And I've actually seen that or I've read that, I should say, from some companies talking about increases and those types of sales. That's not what we've seen. So, if there isn't an inflationary issue or an economic pullback, maybe you do see that, and we would see an increase in our store brand activity.  But right now, it's being driven more by -- as I was mentioning some of those -- some of the other products that we are doing some store brands for, but certainly a lot of it is on a branded basis, and those being some of the higher-priced products we have.
Jason Bednar: Okay, helpful. Thank you, so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch from Citi. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Joanne Wuensch : Thank you. It's Joanne Wuensch. Very nice quarter. I'm trying to peel through your commentary about operating margins next year. And I want to make sure I understand that. When you talk about low double-digit operating margin expansion, is that the margin? Is it the dollar? And is that FX? Just peel that away, so to make sure we set expectations appropriately.
Brian Andrews : Yes. When I mentioned low double-digit constant currency OI growth, operating income growth, it's OI. So, it's just operating on a constant currency basis.
Joanne Wuensch : Okay. Are you in a position to be able to give us a guidance number for revenue for next year? a range? Should we go back to thinking about how you entered this year at 6% to 7%? Or is that not even the right way to think about things?
Albert White : We'll see in December. I mean my gut right now would tell me we would have a hard time giving that level of conservative guidance, but we'll update that in three months.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Petrone from Mizuho Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Bradley Bowers : Hi. Thank you for taking my question. You have Brad Bowers here on for Anthony today. So, using some of the math on the GM headwind, it looks like it was about a 50 basis point headwind. This would imply a little bit of a step-up into 4Q. But if we assume that reverses that's a tailwind to 2024 and then the OI comments imply about 100 basis points of op margin expansion. So, it seems like that would imply that there would be some more opportunity on the cost leverage side as well as on the organic GM expansion side. So, I wanted to make sure that, that math is kind of checking out into how you're thinking.
Albert White : Yes. I think that math all checks out, and I'll let Brian confirm that, but that makes sense to me. And I do agree with your comment about potentially being able to get incremental leverage, if you will, I think one of the issues that we're running into here, and I think we'll continue to have a challenge with next year is that we do have very strong demand right now. And logically, you might think, hey, that's great, right? You get those incremental revenues and all that flows through to OI. But in order to support that growth right now with the infrastructure investments we're doing, combined with the geographic expansion and everything else that's going on, you're not seeing that right now.  So what history would tell you based on Cooper? I've been here a long time now, what history would tell you is when we have this stuff happen, we get comfortable with the organic growth, if you will, the better organic growth that we have. And it certainly appears to be sustainable higher organic growth than we have had historically. Once we get comfortable with that, and I mean by that is you get these facilities in place, you get the packaging lines in place and the shipping lines and everything else and Brian touched on some of that. Once you get that stuff in place, you start leveraging it and you're able to really drive some margin expansion. I think that will happen. As a matter of fact, I'm highly confident that, that's going to happen. But I think we're going to continue to deal with some of those challenges over the next year if you will, or some time frame managing that growth tied to the investment activity that we're talking about, whether it's in the fertility business, where we're putting a lot of dollars or within our myopia management business, especially MiSight, where we're putting a lot of dollars right now.  So, I think when you put that all together, and you step back and you go, okay, low double digits kind of makes sense for this year, it makes sense for next year. It will be interesting as we move forward and we build out some of this infrastructure and are able to leverage it, what will happen in some of the years after that.
Bradley Bowers : That's helpful. And one follow-up on that, specifically within the CBI business. You mentioned your strategy to carry more SKUs in the Toric side. I just wanted to kind of hear about how much do you think that's contributing to some of the wins in ophthalmology. We had heard from J&J that potentially there was some focus on the more core business as opposed to some of the more tail SKUs. In addition to how much of the infrastructure build-out is related to kind of maintaining that SKU range. And if we talk about in the past, I think it's at least a couple of years, maybe 24 months to 36 months to see the benefit from manufacturing those contact lens lines. Is that the right way to be thinking about that and also from a market share perspective?
Albert White : Yes, Brad, that is a great question and a great point on that SKU range. I mean we do take the position that if a patient walks into an optometrist's office, they're able to be fit in a CooperVision product. So, we do have very wide SKU ranges, largest in the industry, there's no doubt when you look at like the daily Toric, the MyDay Toric is by far the widest SKU range that's available. It is expensive to manufacture those. It's expensive to manage them through your logistics chains through -- chain through distribution and so forth. But you're exactly right. You move through a period of time where you're increasing your production capabilities you're improving your distribution capabilities and so forth, you get that behind you and you're really, really in an excellent place, and it does take several years in order to get there.  So, we are on that journey right now. We've been there before. We've done it before. We've done it successfully before. I'm highly confident the team will deliver again. But that is another great example of one of the challenges we're dealing with right now around our growth.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Wood from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Patrick Wood : Thank you, so much, for taking my questions. I guess, the first one maybe on my side. You alluded to some of the work to happen on consumer awareness on that side. I mean you've got better coverage now. Do you think the marginal dollars need to be spent on the optometrist to convince the consumer? Or are we thinking DTC? And why shouldn't we expect quite a lot of money to go in here to take advantage of the better coverage?
Albert White : Yes. I don't think it's going to be DTC-related. I mean we spent money on that side of things. We'll continue to spend some, but I don't think it's going to be significant dollars because that's more social media and so forth. The focus is more on the optometrists themselves. I think the one thing that could be a little different would be we're starting to see insurance reimbursement or insurance coverage if you will. I mentioned Aetna is now covering MiSight site. We've had Kaiser here for a little bit covering it.  As we, knock on wood, pick up other insurance companies covering it, working with optometrists, and ensuring that they know it's available and how it works and with families. That will take us a little bit of work. That's easier with like pediatric ophthalmologists who are a little bit more comfortable with some of the insurance reimbursement activity. But I think that could be a little bit of -- a little bit of work and cost us a couple of bucks, but we built that into all of our assumptions. But I do think that we're gaining -- well, I do -- I know we're gaining traction in MiSight right now. We see it in a lot of different markets, especially here in the U.S. and throughout Europe. So, we're going to continue to invest in it. I mean, we've got our shoulder behind it. Now we are going to leverage some of that. We did build out a fairly large infrastructure, and we will start leveraging that a little bit more as we move forward. But there's still dollars to be spent, no question about it driving that business forward. We want to drive it. It's a good long-term sustainable business. So, we want to continue to push it. That's for sure.
Patrick Wood : Totally. And then maybe just one more. In vision, I guess, I think I know the answer to this because there's been supply chain challenges with some of your peers. But do you have any sense from like sell-in relative to sell out? Like is the channel presumably quite lean in terms of inventory side of a lot of players? Or is it quite normalized at the moment?
Albert White : I would say inventory is lean.
Patrick Wood : Thank you, so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Robbie Marcus : Okay, thanks for taking my question. And I'll add, congrats on a good quarter. Two for me. Maybe first, gross margin and operating margin are both fairly below pre-COVID levels. How do you think about your ability to return to the pre-COVID margins, particularly on operating margin? And how far out is that event?
Brian Andrews : Yes, Robbie, I'll take that. So, I mean, if you look at pre-COVID, a big, big driver to operating margin reduction is FX, that's almost half of that difference. You've got some operational items in there. Obviously, we talked about this a few quarters ago about share-based comp. We had some changes of vesting from five years before. Supply chain in general, inflation, higher cost, freight, even though things have gotten better, they're elevated from where they were in 2019. And then, of course, all those infrastructure investments, IT being a big one right there that's been elevated since 2019.  So, if I just kind of just play back what Al just said earlier and I had in my prepared remarks, we're going to start to leverage some of that stuff. And hopefully, one of these days, FX starts to move in our favor. But I'm confident that we'll start to get some -- we got some OpEx leverage this quarter. You'll see some more next quarter and as we get into next year from leveraging those investments from this year.
Robbie Marcus : Great. And maybe one on free cash flow. I know this year has a lot of investments, you're at about a 48% free cash flow conversion through third quarter, fourth quarter is going to be even lower. So, let's say you end the year 45% or lower on conversion. Same sort of question. Are you comping yourself against the med tech average of about 80%? And when do you think you might be able to get back up to those levels? Thanks.
Brian Andrews : Yes. I mean, obviously, you've got a number of things, a lot of moving parts. By far, I mean, if you look at free cash flow this year versus last year, I mean, CapEx is driving much, much higher. And then besides that, you've got interest expense as a very big factor. Just those two combined alone is over $200 million. The Cook termination fee, I mentioned that in my prepared remarks, that will be $50 million. So outside of that, you've got FX, depending on how far you look back tax has gone up and then you've got a few other working capital items.  So, we're definitely investing a lot in our business, a lot of dollars going towards infrastructure which is really mostly tied to capacity expansion, but do expect that free cash flow will improve next year versus this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Saxon from Needham & Company. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
David Saxon : Maybe just a couple on the myopia management portfolio. MiSight was strong despite China. So how are you thinking about the recovery in that region for MiSight? And then Ortho-K, maybe can you give a little more color on what that realignment is and how long that impact lasts? Thanks.
Albert White : Yes, China MiSight -- so we don't have a big business in China. We just don't do a lot in China. But what we do there, and certainly myopia management is included there has been, I guess, bumpy maybe as the word to describe it. We take a step forward and two steps backwards, it seems at times over there. So, I know personally, I get more optimistic about it because I'm starting to see some good stuff happen. And then all of a sudden, it slows down.  So, I'm having a hard time reading it. Now again, I'm not a China expert. We don't do a ton of business there. But at least for what we do there, our part of the business and the myopia management part of the business, it's definitely fits and starts. So, I wish I could give you more specific detail on that. I mean, we don't have a lot built into our assumptions with respect to China. But I'm not sure how that's going to play out. I will say that the receptivity to MiSight has been really strong around the world, and it's been strong in China. I mean we've gotten really good feedback in China about the product. And I think the product is going to be successful. Now we did accelerate growth this quarter, which was great. We had a stocking order last year. So, we even hurdled that and still accelerated MiSight growth, and we continue to see some really nice success with MiSight as we start out the fourth quarter here.  So, I'm definitely optimistic on my side and where it's going on a global basis, including within China, a little bit more questioning what's going to happen with Ortho-K. We did have some portfolio realignment where we had to true up some products. We had a lot of products there. So, we had to do some products up and so forth. We should have a better Q4. As a matter of fact, I think we'll have a pretty decent Q4. But again, it's still bumpy.  I mean we held the range of $120 to $130 million, right? We did 25 or 30 and 30. So we're at 85. So that's $35 million to hit the bottom of that range. So, we're looking at sequentially at least $5 million more in our myopia management business. So that kind of gives you directionally where I'm thinking is you're going to see some bounce back and some improvement. But I'm a little hesitant to get too excited about it just because it seems like we keep moving forward and stepping back there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Litchman from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ron Feiner : This is Ron on for Steve. I just wanted to ask what was the contribution of price to CVI this quarter. And what are you guys assuming for the rest of the year?
Albert White : Prices helping CVI around in the low 2%. We would have that same amount kind of factored into fiscal Q4.
Ron Feiner : Okay. Do you guys have any like early thoughts on tax rate, interest expense, and FX impact for fiscal '24 based on where things are at today?
Brian Andrews : Yes, Ron, the tax rate we're expecting to bounce back to a sort of our organic tax rate of 15% pre-discrete. And outside of some commentary I gave a little bit earlier on just subject to the Fed and we'll pay down some debt. And hopefully, we'll see interest expense sort of flat to declining next year. I didn't give any other sort of nonoperational commentary.
Ron Feiner : Okay, thanks, guys.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. Al White, I'll turn the call back over to you.
Albert White : Great. Thank you, and thank you for everyone joining today. I'm pretty proud of where we're at right now. The business is doing really well. As everyone knows, we just posted really strong revenue numbers this quarter. And solid EPS numbers and our guidance is strong. So, I'm pretty optimistic about where we sit today and what the future holds. And I look forward to December and discussing in Q4 and definitely giving guidance for next year and talking about those details. So, thanks again, and look forward to hopefully seeing everybody during the quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-06-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Emma, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Cooper Companies Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Kim Duncan, VP of Investor Relations and Risk Management, you may begin your conference.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon, and welcome to Cooper Companies Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. During today's call, we will discuss the results and guidance included in the earnings release and then use the remaining time for questions. Our presenters on today's call are Al White, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Andrews, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market or regulatory conditions or trends, product launches, operational initiatives, regulatory submissions and closing or integration of any acquisitions or their anticipated benefits. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward-Looking Statements in today's earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including Cooper's Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings, all of which are available on our website at coopercos.com. Also as a reminder, the non-GAAP financial information we will provide on this call is provided as a supplement to our GAAP information. We encourage you to consider our results under GAAP as well as non-GAAP and refer to the reconciliations provided in our earnings release which is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Should you have any additional questions following the call, please e-mail ir@cooperco.com. And now I'll turn the call over to Al for his opening remarks.
Albert White : Great. Thank you, Kim, and welcome, everyone, to Cooper Companies Second Quarter Fiscal 2023 Conference Call. This was another strong quarter with CooperVision and CooperSurgical both outperforming expectations. For CooperVision, we reported record quarterly revenues and our ninth consecutive quarter of double-digit organic revenue growth. For CooperSurgical, we reported record quarterly revenues and our fertility business reported its tenth consecutive quarter of double-digit organic revenue growth and earnings exceeded expectations.  Our teams are delivering impressive consistent growth, and we're seeing nice momentum. So we remain very positive about the future.  Moving to the numbers. Consolidated revenue reached a record quarterly high of $877 million. CooperVision posted revenues of $589 million, up 10% organically, and CooperSurgical posted revenues of $288 million, up 5% organically. CooperVision's growth continues to be led by our daily silicone hydrogel and myopia management portfolios, and CooperSurgical's growth was led by our fertility and OB/GYN medical device portfolios. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $3.08.  For the quarter and reporting all percentages on an organic basis, CooperVision's revenue Growth was strong and diversified. By geography, the Americas grew 6%, EMEA grew 7% and Asia Pac grew 19%. Results were driven by new product launches, expanded product ranges, market-leading flexibility and growth in key accounts. Within categories, torics and multifocals remain especially healthy with both posting growth of 15%. Within modalities, daily silicone hydrogel lenses grew 17% with especially strong performance from MyDay. Daily silicone hydrogel lenses continue to be the main driver of growth for the contact lens industry, and we offer the broadest portfolio with MyDay and clariti available on a wide range of spheres, torics and multifocals. And lastly, our silicone hydrogel monthly and 2-week lenses, Biofinity and Avaira Vitality reported growth of 5%.  Turning to products. The U.S. rollout of our latest innovative offering, MyDay Energys is going exceptionally well. This premium lens caters to the demands of today's lifestyles by incorporating DigitalBoost technology to alleviate the impacts of digital eye strain. Interestingly, we've been receiving a lot of positive feedback that patients in their 20s and 30s really like this lens which is great news as the original Biofinity Energys has been more heavily used by patients in their 40s. Given almost all of us are spending considerably more time on screens, which reduces blinking and causes eyes to dry out and become uncomfortable, it's not surprising that wearers of all ages are appreciating the DigitalBoost in their MyDay Energys. Meanwhile, MyDay multifocal sales remain robust, and we're seeing great momentum in new geographies as the lens becomes more readily available in EMEA and Asia Pac. I'm happy to report these launches are proceeding better than expected with feedback from customers and practitioners remaining very positive. Our MyDay Toric parameter expansion rollout in North America is also continuing successfully and our recent launch in EMEA is ahead of schedule. Given the success of this product, we'll be increasing availability throughout EMEA, and we're looking forward to launching in Asia Pac in the near future. With almost 4,000 SKUs, MyDay Toric has set the industry standard with the widest daily toric range in the market by a wide margin. With this broad range, it's providing many 2-week and monthly toric wearers the option to enjoy the freedom of wearing a daily contact lens for the first time in their lives.  To conclude at MyDay, this technologically superior product family is performing exceptionally well and momentum is strong.  And lastly, within the daily segment, our clariti family of lenses continues to perform well by offering a high-quality option at a mass market price point.  Outside of dailies, demand for Biofinity remains healthy, led by torics, multifocals and extended range offerings. We still have some capacity challenges. But with new production continuing to come online, we remain in good shape to meet ongoing demand. Moving to myopia management. We posted revenues of $30 million, up 36%, with MiSight up 49%. This slightly exceeded expectations and keeps us well on track to reach our goal of $120 million to $130 million this year. MiSight and Ortho-K sales were strong around the world, except China, where we didn't see a rebound until late in the quarter. Regarding MiSight specifically, we're seeing improving performance as we increase availability in key accounts, target practices with higher levels of pediatric patient flow and integrate the sales process into our regular sales channel. All this bodes well for MiSight, but also for our other products as there's a nice halo effect when MiSight practitioners accelerating their use of other CooperVision lenses. It's important to remember that MiSight is the first and only FDA-approved contact lens for myopia control and the product is backed by extensive clinical data. This is a critical differentiator as the proactive management of myopia become standard of care within the eye care community to help reduce the progression of myopia in children along with reducing the risk of long-term eye health problems associated with myopia, such as cataracts, retinal detachment and macular degeneration.  To finish on CooperVision, the contact lens market grew 12% in calendar Q1, with CooperVision growing faster at 14%. We expect the markets to remain healthy, supported by the macro growth trend and more people needing vision correction. It's estimated that 50% of the global population will have myopia or near-sightedness by the year 2050 up from roughly 34% today. This is driven by the increasing use of digital screens, among other factors. And when you combine this with the ongoing shift to silicon hydrogel dailies, the increasing focus on higher value products such toric to multifocals and higher pricing, we expect many years of solid for the industry. Within this, we expect CooperVision to remain a leader with its robust product portfolio and growing product launches, fast-growing myopia management business and leading new fit data. Moving to CooperSurgical. This was another strong quarter. Our fertility business posted sales of $125 million, up 11% organically for its tenth consecutive quarter of double-digit organic growth. Success was seen throughout the product portfolio as the team executed exceptionally well with our diverse offerings within consumables, capital equipment, reproductive genetic testing and donor activity. Regionally, the Americas and EMEA continue to lead growth and the future is bright as we have solid momentum in both regions. Asia Pac is also preforming well and we are excited about the potential of that region. With the uncertainty of the Cook transaction, we do have work to do in that region to build out our footprint and we will do that. In this light, we're currently doing targeted investment activity, while also exploring ways we can advance efforts more quickly. Overall though, we're well positioned to maintain success given our strong team, diverse portfolio and global momentum. Regarding the broader fertility market, we compete in a segment that's now over 2 billion in annual sales and we expect strong growth for many years to come. This industry is unique in that it has multiple growth drivers, starting with women delaying childbirth. The average age of a woman's first birth in the U.S. and within several other developed countries now stands at 30 years old, and Asia is a key factor contributing to the need for fertility assistance. Other growth drivers include improving access to treatment, increasing patient awareness, increasing fertility benefits coverage and technology improvements for both male and female in fertility challenges. The World Health Organization just released updated data showing that the prevalence of infertility affects more people than we thought, with approximately 1 in 6 people having experienced infertility at some stage in their lives. So the macro trends clearly support this industry's growth.  Moving to office and surgical products, which includes OB/GYN Medical Devices, stem cell storage and PARAGARD, we posted sales of $163 million, up 1% organically. Within this, OB/GYN Medical Devices reported excellent results growing 11%, driven by positive trends in patient activity and strength in several core products. In particular, our labor and delivery group continued performing really well. Our stem cell storage business grew 3%, in line with expectations. Our current educational campaign just starring Chrissy Teigen highlights the importance of preserving newborn stem cells and we're really happy with the positive feedback, and we're looking forward to that effort gaining more traction.  Meanwhile, PARAGARD declined 15%, primarily due to buy-in activity from the price increase in Q1. Our IUD revenues remain a challenge, and we're continuing to not expect any unit growth in PARAGARD this year. So any growth we do see will be driven by price.  To conclude on CooperSurgical, it's with great pride that we say that every minute somewhere around the world, a baby is born using CooperSurgical products. Our business makes a difference in people's lives, and we love that. We're also operating in several markets that have fantastic long-term sustainable growth characteristics, such as fertility. So we feel good about where we're positioned and what the future holds.  Before turning the call over to Brian, let me summarize by saying this quarter really highlights the stability and consistency of our businesses. CooperVision posted its ninth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth and CooperSurgical's fertility business posted its tenth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth, and both businesses reported record quarterly revenue. Our momentum is strong. Our investments are yielding solid returns and our management team is fully engaged in executing at a high level.  And lastly, I hope everyone has had a chance to read our recent ESG report, which highlights a lot of accomplishments. Advancing our ESG efforts is an important part of Cooper's culture, and I'm proud of the success we've had and excited about what we'll be accomplishing in the future. And with that, let me turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Andrews : Thank you, Al, and good afternoon, everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to our earnings release for a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. Second quarter consolidated revenues were $877 million, up 6% as reported or up 8% organically. Consolidated gross margin was up 40 basis points to 67.1% driven by currency improvements. Operating expenses grew 9% to 43.5% of revenues and consolidated operating margin was in line with expectations at 23.7%. This was down from 24.5% last year, primarily due to commercial investments and distribution. Below operating income, interest expense was $26 million, and the effective tax rate was 13.9%. Non-GAAP EPS was $3.08, with roughly 49.8 million average shares outstanding.  To summarize the P&L this quarter, revenues came in ahead of expectations, while margins met expectations. The net impact from non-operational items, such as FX, interest expense and taxes was slightly negative against our initial expectations. Overall, we exceeded our consolidated EPS expectations by roughly $0.06 and we'll pass along that in guidance. Free cash flow was $51 million, including CapEx of $74 million. Net debt decreased to $2.51 billion. And during this last quarter, we fixed the interest rate on an additional $300 million of debt. So we're now -- we now have $1.3 billion fixed, going out roughly 2 to 4 years.  Regarding 2023 guidance, we're increasing expectations for revenues and earnings by incorporating our Q2 revenue and earnings beats. This results in consolidated revenues of $3.51 million to $3.57 billion, up 7% to 9% organically, with CooperVision revenues of $2.37 billion to $2.4 billion, up 8% to 10% organically, and CooperSurgical revenues of $1.15 billion to $1.17 billion, up 5% to 7% organically. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $12.66 and to $12.96. Interest expense is expected to be around $110 million, assuming another 25 basis point rate increase by the Fed this month, and the effective tax rate is forecasted to be slightly below 14.5% when incorporating Q2. Within this, we're continuing to invest in our businesses to support long-term growth objectives. Demand across both businesses remains strong and our long-term growth trends are very positive.  Before concluding, let me add that we took a $45 million charge this quarter for the breakage fee associated with the pending acquisition of Cook Medical's reproductive health business. We now believe it's probable that this transaction as originally contemplated does not close. We are still working on the deal, though, and we'll provide updates as we have more information.  In conclusion, this was another strong quarter. We're very happy with the consistency of our businesses, and we have great momentum. We're closely monitoring expenses and we'll continue to do so, but we're also investing to drive long-term sustainable revenue growth. We're taking guidance up again and remain positive, we'll execute at a high level, delivering strong operating results through the back half of this year and into next year. And with that, I'll hand it back to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Baird.
Jeffrey Johnson : So Al, I know when we look at like the GSK data that sell-out data, you guys and everybody else kind of report sell-in data. So it's never apples-to-apples in that, but I think it's pretty clear January was a very strong month for contact lenses. It really was across all of medtech. April, obviously, a weaker month. So just maybe help us understand kind of the gating throughout the period of the quarter you just reported February, March, April and then maybe any updates on what you've been seeing so far in May? And just kind of the range of implied guidance for CVI now kind of 6% to 10% in the back half, just how you're feeling about the low end versus the high end of that range?
Albert White : Yes. And you're right, January was a really strong month. As we work through the quarter, it was okay. I mean, February is a good month, March. April was a weaker month for us. You can kind of see that if you look at the calendar quarter compared to the fiscal quarter for us because we grew in the calendar quarter 14% and then grew 10% in the fiscal quarter. So when you trade those months up. So you're right, April was a little weaker. May has been a good month. We did have a little -- some stuff moved kind of from April into May, but May has been a good month for us. So we've seen the contact lens marketplace at least for our business rebound in the month of May. So that's been a positive.
Jeffrey Johnson : Okay. And then maybe just as a follow-up, if you can address that CVI guidance, implied in the back half to 6% to 10%, just kind of high and low end where your confidence is there. But the real follow-up question I wanted to ask was on pricing. It seems talking to Alcon and some of your other competitors looking at some of the pricing data we have for your lenses, there's a good price tailwind this year for, I mean, probably 2 to 3 points, something like that. Is that about the ballpark you're expecting? And then secularly or longer term, how comfortable are you if we stay in a persistent inflationary environment that you can maybe keep up 2%, 3% pricing a year for the next few years? 
Albert White : Sure. Yes, I think you're spot on. I think that 2% to 3% net pricing, I'm talking about net pricing is the way to look at it. The actual pricing that we've seen out there has been higher. The actual price increases has been higher. But if you look at the rebates and everything else, 2% to 3% is probably a good way to look at it right now. I think that's going to continue. I think that we're probably a little bit behind our competitors in that because we do have a lot of large contracts, especially some of the bigger store brand contracts that are multiyear contracts. So as those renew, we'll look at opportunities to adjust pricing on those. But I think that you're seeing that now. And frankly, I think you're going to see that for the next several years given supply constraints within the industry in general.  If I look at our performance in the kind of back half of the year, the 6% to 10% you're talking about for CooperVision, I expect to be at the higher end of that range unless something happens to derail that. It'd have to be something unexpected, right? Some economic event or something out there. I mean we spent some time even this past week, it's been a little bit of a tough time for us coming up with some of the guidance and so forth with the debt ceiling and all the other activity that has been going on here recently. But no, we have good momentum. I feel optimistic that we'll continue to put up strong revenue numbers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Biegel with Wells Fargo.
Lawrence Biegelsen : Yes, I guess I'll ask the question on the guidance first here. The top line, you raised the top line and the bottom line by the amount of the beat in the quarter. I guess I would think FX was a little more favorable, particularly on EPS. Brian, maybe you could help us with that bridge how much currency changed from last quarter to this quarter for fiscal '23? And I guess the question is why not raise by a little more than the beat? And I had one follow-up. 
Brian Andrews : Larry, I'll take the currency question. Currency is kind of starting to move in our favor as we were working through the quarter and then they retraced. I mean there was a little bit of positive -- very little positive sort of to the P&L from revenues down to OI. But really, the impact that we saw in the quarter was a negative tied to our FX losses below the line. So we had -- as we talked about before, we're hedging some of our material currencies but we still have several currencies and smaller exposures that we're not hedging. And so we had a loss below the line that took our earnings down to $3.08, would have been a little bit better. But we basically adjusted for the currency in the quarter, but the impact for the second half of the year for currency strangely or interestingly enough, kind of all netted to being sort of the same. So we're still looking at a 2.5% or roughly 2.5% headwind to revenues for the year and kind of a weaker 1% tailwind to EPS for the year. .
Lawrence Biegelsen : And why not raised by more than the beat?
Brian Andrews : On EPS?
Lawrence Biegelsen : Yes.
Brian Andrews : Well, we raised by the operational -- the net beat. But with everything, as Al just said, with the macro uncertainty, Fed, FX, recession, we just decided -- look, we're exercising prudent in setting guidance. The good news is that we're not seeing demand or behavior shifts. And since gross and operating margins fall in as expected and things are progressing, we're just exercising some caution in light of the macro.
Lawrence Biegelsen : That's helpful. Just, Al, on my follow-up here. Asia Pac, plus 19%, really strong. And myopia management, if I heard correctly, the $30 million up 5% -- $5 million, I'm sorry, sequentially. That was one of the strongest sequential growth with absolute growth increases we've seen in a while. Just talk about the drivers in Asia Pac and myopia management and the sustainability.
Albert White : Yes. Interestingly on myopia management, it was a good quarter, and we're gaining some traction in our MiSight, finally. We talked about it for a long time. Its great to finally be gaining some real traction. And interestingly, it was not China. We actually struggled in China with MiSight this quarter until the very end of the quarter. So the MiSight was being driven by success here in the U.S. and throughout Europe were big drivers, in some of the markets in Asia Pac. So I think we're in good shape with our myopia management business, and I'm expecting Q3 to be a good quarter, Q4 to be a good quarter. As I was saying, I mean, we're certainly in good shape to hit, if not beat our $120 million to $130 million "guidance" range for myopia management.  Asia Pac, we're in good shape. I would say Asia Pac, China being a little bit different if I look at our regular lenses and that it was more of a contributor in terms of our regular sales. But no, Kathy is doing a great job running that business, and we finally have some momentum going in Asia Pac, and I think we're going to continue to put up good quarters as we move through the back half of this year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch with Citi.
Joanne Wuensch : Can we pick up part PARAGARD a little bit because I want to make sure that I understand what's going on there? Is this another setup where you've got 4 quarters of pricing headwinds and then you start to grow again? Or how do I think about that? 
Albert White : No. Its a great question. No, it won't be that way. I would expect PARAGARD to grow here in Q3 and Q4. And for us, it kind of put up low single-digit growth probably for this year. We did have the tough quarter here in Q2, obviously. But some of that was tied to kind of inventory in the channel, some of that kind of movement around the price increase. So I wouldn't necessarily read too much into that. I would kind of restate what I've said on some of the prior quarters. We're not envisioning unit growth there, but I still think we'll post an okay Q3, okay Q4 and post growth for the full year.
Joanne Wuensch : Excluding PARAGARD, is there a way to describe how the rest of that business is doing because that was pretty much really the weak link in the quarter?
Albert White : Yes. Well, obviously, fertility really strong. Just -- that team is doing an amazing job, just consistent strong performance and its really diversified around the world and by product so -- or product family. So fertility in good shape, we should continue to do well in fertility. Our med device business is doing really well, kind of our traditional OB/GYN Medical Devices. We've seen some strength there in the labor and delivery side and some of our surgical products doing really well.  So yes, I mean, outside of PARAGARD, it was -- that was a pretty good quarter. I mean, Holly's got that business humming over at CooperSurgical. So expecting them to continue to put up good results. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Petrone with Mizuho. 
Anthony Petrone : And maybe just a couple of clarifying on PARAGARD. Can you remind us, Al, just the price increase that was put in earlier in the year and the extent of the volume declines, I guess, through the first two quarters of the year? So that would be my first question. And then maybe just in terms of overall share in contact lenses, at least according to our numbers, it looked like certainly, there was gains for Cooper in torics as well as multifocals but perhaps maybe a little bit of slippage in dailies, Again, just looking at the fiscal at plus 8%, and it looked like competitor data for dailies was a little bit higher than that. So just an overview on the share trends through May in lenses? 
Albert White : Sure. Sure, Anthony. The PARAGARD price increase, I think, was 6% that we put in place. Yes, from a volume perspective, I don't know if I would highlight necessarily too much on volume. What you're seeing here in Q1 and the quarter we just had, and frankly, you'll see a little bit here in kind of Q3 is tied more to channel inventory, whether it's through the distributor or down actually into the physician's office, you're seeing some fluctuations and not driving our as-reported results. So I think if you look through that, which I try to do, right, and say, regardless of inventory, how are we looking at actual volume? That's where volume has been flat, like we just haven't really seen those increases. And I'm not anticipating that we're going to here in the near term. So again, I said it last quarter, I'd say it again, I hope I'm wrong on that and being conservative. But as it as of right now, I think that's where we stand with PARAGARD.  But again, a lot of movement tied to inventory. So I do think that we'll get growth in Q3 and Q4 to be clear. And that I do think we'll post some low single-digit growth in PARAGARD for the full year.  On contact lenses, yes, I mean this was a great quarter. Now if you look at it and you kind of step back and you say Biofinity and Avaira grew 5%. You can see our non-single-use sphere other grew 2%. So that's what you're getting to, Anthony, right, which is kind of the sphere side of things. We did have some -- a couple of larger Biofinity orders that fell from April into May. And you had quite a bit of Biofinity Sphere activity there. So I wouldn't read too much into that. I mean if you're thinking about quarter end, yes, that number came in a little bit lighter, but we'll pick that up as we started off Q3 with a good quarter from a good perspective when you look at that part of our business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan. 
Robbie Marcus : I wanted to start with free cash flow and cash flow generation in general. It's been a little low the past few quarters. Maybe speak to the reasons behind it? And how you're thinking about cash flow generation going forward?
Brian Andrews : Robbie, yes, sure. So operating cash flow continues to drive higher. We do have some things that are driving free cash flow a little lower. One of them, obviously, is CapEx. It's quite higher than in years past. Some other larger components that are driving it, that are having an impact downwards are frankly, interest. I mean our interest expense is going from doubling from $53 million to $110 million last year to this year. Taxes over the course of -- depending on what time horizon you're looking at, our tax rates keep going up. Our inventory levels from last year to this year also are going higher. So that's having an impact as well. But overall, I mean, our operating cash flow continues to be strong and expect to deliver still a strong free cash flow for this year. Just offsetting, obviously, the operating cash flow, it's just the higher CapEx which we've been talking about around $400 million this year.
Robbie Marcus : Great. And then maybe on new fits. You talked about strong global new fits. Are you seeing any divergence in different regions? Just trying to get a sense of the future of the business and the trends there.
Albert White : From a new fit perspective, no, not really. In terms of regional, we're seeing pretty good activity there. There's still a lot of demand on optometrists for appointments and so forth and the new fit activity is pretty strong. And our CooperVision new fit activity is looking really good right now. We're winning certainly our fair share when it comes to new fit. So I'm pretty optimistic from that perspective. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Mishan with KeyBanc.
Brett Fishbin : This is Brett on today for Matt. Just wanted to ask a little bit about the trends in Europe given how robust several of the historical quarters looked a little bit of a deceleration here. Just wondering if there was anything driving that step down? .
Albert White : Brett, we have -- we're #1 in Europe when it comes to contact lenses. We've got a fantastic franchise there that -- team has done a great job not only building up our infrastructure, if you will, around a lot of the independent optometrists but also with some of the key accounts where we're especially strong.  So no, I think that the European market is doing well. We have not seen a pullback in that market tied to any economic concerns or anything. The contact lens market is strong there, and we're kind of leading the charge, if you will. And I think we'll continue to do that. 
Brett Fishbin : All right. And then just turning to MiSight. It sounded like trends in Americas in retailing fee accounts was actually the driver of the step up this quarter. So is there -- do you see a potential maybe to drive some upside to that guidance range given China is now -- it seems like it's starting to recover and might actually be an incremental driver to the positivity you're seeing in the Americas?
Albert White : I guess, short answer to that would be yes. Yes, we're in a better spot when it comes to MiSight today than we were six months ago when we initiated that 120 to 130. So I think we've got a good shot to be at the higher end of that range or even push above it. 
Brett Fishbin : All right. Awesome. And then last question for me. I think you touched on some of the continued supply chains in the industry being a positive driver for pricing growth. So I was wondering if there are any pockets of particular issues from other companies that might be benefiting Cooper given the investments you've been making in your own production?
Albert White : Yes, that's a tough one. I don't think there's too much there in terms of disruption from others. There are supply chain challenges, I think that we all have right now. Our competitors do and we do, too, in terms of just being able to produce enough product. I mean, in a lot of cases, I think a lot of us are selling everything that we can make right now. So not only are we dealing with whatever supply chain issues you could have associated with distribution and everything else and all those are certainly lightening up. But we're also dealing with demand. I mean I'll talk about ourselves, right? We're a business that's been healthy for a long time, growing around 7%. And now we pushed up what our ninth straight quarter of double-digit growth. That puts pressure on the business in terms of having to make more product and run more products through your distribution channels.  So there's just a natural challenge on that from a supply chain perspective. I think it's industry-wide, and we're all going to continue to deal with it because I think we're all increasing our production capabilities and kind of expanding our capabilities throughout our logistics networks. But it takes time, it takes effort, and the demand is there, right? So we're going to continue to see strength in the contact lens industry. I don't think you're seeing too much in terms of one person struggling so much as someone else is picking up business, as much as you're seeing supply chain issues or challenges just because of the global demand of the contact lens industry. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler. 
Jason Bednar : Al, I wanted to ask on Biofinity toric. We've been hearing some greater channel inventory shift from a competing toric lens to Biofinity toric. I know it's been going on for a while, but are you able to quantify or do you have any metrics around maybe what kind of share you've picked up with Biofinity toric? How much of this is maybe adding to the toric revenue growth was pretty impressive in the quarter? And then sorry to pack a few into here, but how much tail is left from this conversion to toric and whether or not you're seeing any again, channel inventory shift with toric or even more broadly? 
Albert White : Yes, there's probably something there, but I just don't put too much weight on it, honestly. I mean we've had some competitors pull back a little bit on some of their SKU ranges and we have those SKU ranges. As a matter of fact, our Biofinity toric family is the widest toric offering out there. And when you roll in things like the tort multifocal and so forth, I mean, it's just an amazing franchise right now. We've been building that franchise out for a number of years. We spent a lot of time and a lot of money on the manufacturing side and also on our distribution network to be able to manufacture and distribute all those products in a wide SKU range.  So do I think that we're maybe getting a little bit of help because some competitors or a competitor has pulled back on some of their SKU ranges? Yes, probably. But this isn't coming because of like one quarter or an action as somebody took. This is coming because of a multiyear strategy that CooperVision is deployed to drive growth in our torics. I mean, Jerry Warner runs that business for us does a fantastic job. He's just laid out a great strategy there in terms of torics and multifocals, appreciating that the market is growing. That portion of the market is growing faster than the sphere market, and it's a really sticky and great market. So I mean, we've, again, invested a lot of time and money for a lot of years to be in the position we're in. And I give the team a lot more credit around that activity than I do saying that a small movement by a competitor is allowing us to take a lot of share.
Jason Bednar : Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe if you can just follow up your comment on whether or not you're seeing any share shift or -- sorry, not share shift but inventory shift in the channel at all? But then separate follow-up. I actually wanted to ask another one on PARAGARD here. I think you've probably tried every which way to get this product line to grow. We've seen different advertising sales recondition, greater commercial focus the effect here has been tough. Does there come a point where you'd look to evaluate different options for PARAGARD or maybe better said in the strategic and financial fit still make some good asset for Cooper?
Albert White : Yes. On the channel inventory side, I'd say we probably ended our fiscal quarter a little light on channel inventory. I kind of referenced that a little bit with some of the Biofinity shipments. But I'd say we were probably a little lighter from a channel inventory perspective, nothing to go crazy about but since you're asking.  On PARAGARD, yes, boy, we bought that. We put some money into it. I think we've gotten a great return on that asset. But having said that, we put some money into it. We put some TV advertising out there and a lot of different marketing campaigns and so forth to really try to energize the non-hormonal IUD market. We had some success on that, not a ton, you kind of get to where you're at today. There's some fundamental shifts in the market that are causing challenges for us. You're not seeing women go into their gynecologists as much as they were pre-COVID for kind of annual wellness exams and so forth. And as that's happened, combined with the fact that a lot of birth control options, especially birth control pills, the availability has increased or the ease, if you will, to get that first control has improved. It's hurt the IUD market, and it's hurt PARAGARD.  So we're evaluating that like we always do right now. I mean that's a good product. It does okay in the marketplace, right? It's a decent fit in terms of our women's healthcare franchise. But we'll always evaluate that just like we do everything else in terms of kind of our long-term strategic planning. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Block with Stifel.
Jonathan Block : Great. Really good quarter, but just despite the top line beat, you have in a little bit hot on OpEx as a percent of sales relative to our estimate. And if I look at sort of fiscal '23, I think OpEx as a percent of sales, you might be up roughly 100 bps from last year. Brian, I think you mentioned some investments. Is that CVI, is that CSI? Where are those investments being made? And does that sort of remain front and center for the next couple of quarters until sort of you lap them, call it, exiting fiscal '23, we can think about recapturing the leverage into fiscal '24?
Brian Andrews : Yes. Good question. Thanks, Jon. Yes. I mean I'd say our OpEx kind of -- the total OpEx dollars came in kind of where we expected along with our gross and operating margin results. We continue to invest in commercial activities, including sales and marketing tied to the product launches and the rollouts that I mentioned in his prepared remarks. We had also continued fertility investments, and that includes kind of building out more of our competencies in various regions like Asia Pac. And then lastly, I mean, we still have inefficiencies that we expected in distribution that were higher year-over-year, and I'll just mention sort of the challenges that we have when revenues continue to drive higher, and the strain it puts on distribution. But we're working through those challenges. And I'd say total OpEx, again, landed where we expected, but our real focus is on driving operating margin expansion. And like I've said before in the last call, and I'll say it again here, our operating margin at the midpoint of our constant currency revenue guide, we're expecting constant currency OI growth of around 11%. So as long as we're driving that operating margin expansion, and that's in this year, driven in large part from gross margin expansion, then we're putting up a leveraged P&L. And so that's the goal for this year. 
Jonathan Block : Got it. Fair enough. And maybe just to shift gears and this one might be with you -- for you. But within APAC, I know you're overweighted to Japan, but I sort of want to take the opportunity to ask what you're seeing in China, the slope of the business of late. I just think there's been a lot of headline noise, news. And so just love to get your thoughts on what you're seeing on the ground in the sort of April and to May timeframe?
Albert White : Sure. Yes. We've seen some improvements in China, but I mean, China kind of even now comes and goes a little bit. When you look at it from our perspective, it's probably two different stories, right? Because you have our regular contact lens business there, the retail side, if you will, which we've seen some traction on and we've seen some improving results. And then you have the myopia management side, which is MiSight but also a lot of Ortho-K that gets sold through the hospital. That's a different channel. So I do think that we're seeing some improvements in that channel, in the hospital channel, which is actually going to help us a little bit on Ortho-K and MiSight. The other side, the retail, the general population, if you will, kind of comes and goes a little bit.  Now having said that, Jon, remember, that's a pretty small market for us. I mean, some of our competitors are -- have much bigger shares in China than what we have. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Lichtman with Oppenheimer. 
Unidentified Analyst: This is Ron on for Steve. I wanted to ask you guys about SightGlass a little bit. What is your estimate for the approval timing? And with MiSight being in the field for a bit now, how are you thinking about how SightGlass will be positioned in the field versus it? 
Albert White : Yes. So no real update on SightGlass when it comes to regulatory approval here, waiting to receive the final four-year data and compile that and then take next step. So nothing really to add from that perspective. As you know, we've got a great partnership with EssilorLuxottica on that product. And the product has been launched in many markets around the world, and it's selling and it's doing well. That's within the joint venture itself. So I continue to be really optimistic about that product long term. But that is within that joint venture, not in our P&L other than the investment activity, gains or losses below the line.  When it comes to MiSight and how that looks, I mean, to me, glasses are going to do nothing but be a positive for the myopia control market. We want people getting into myopia control. They need to be wearing the product. So children need to be wearing those glasses. Compliance is really important as children get into myopia control, let's say they do that a lot at 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 10. Certainly, as they get to become teenagers, and certainly anyone who has compliance as an issue, you're going to want to be moving to contact lenses.  So anything that we can do to drive the myopia control market forward and increase, it is a positive for us, positive for MiSight, positive for the industry.
Unidentified Analyst: That's really helpful. And I guess I have a follow-up on that. You guys mentioned that the headwinds on myopia in China are kind of abating towards the end of the quarter. Can you say what changed like towards the end? What was the shift because China has been a headwind on myopia for a little bit?
Albert White : Yes. It's really those products are sold through the hospital channel. So you need the hospitals to kind of open up and have more kind of, if you will, availability for children and so forth. You need to transition back to a more traditional, normal hospital environment within China. So I think that's what we're seeing right now, right? As COVID starts to get in the rear view mirror and you're getting patients going back into the hospital for more traditional needs and so forth, you're opening up some space for optometry and that's helping with the fittings. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Wood with Morgan Stanley. 
Patrick Wood : Amazing. Two left for me, please. I guess the first one is on the fertility side, maybe just zooming out, if we just hypothetically say Cook doesn't close, how committed are you to APAC as a region? You hinted by saying maybe some accelerated pathway to growing that. I'm just curious if you could put a little bit of meat on the bone to how you feel about the region, how critical that is for you and fertility going forward? 
Albert White : Yes. That's a really good question. That is an important region, and we are going to invest in that region. So we are right now -- we're going to continue to invest there. One of the primary reasons we were doing the Cook transaction was for growth in that region. There's a number of markets there that are really, really strong fertility markets, I mean with really strong growth rates. So we have a solid presence, I think, in parts of that region, like Australia and so forth, but there's a number of countries where we don't have a presence or the presence is pretty small. We need to hire some people, build out some infrastructure there. So we're evaluating that activity right now. Because when you look at our business as a leader in the space, right, and as well as we do with our broad portfolio in the Americas and throughout Europe and in parts of Asia Pac, there's no reason we shouldn't be able to build out infrastructure and continue to drive growth there. So that's a matter of the typical thing we do as a company, which is evaluate those opportunities, look at the return metrics associated with them because you do have inefficiencies anytime you're building out infrastructure in a new region like that. So we're going through the process and evaluating all that activity right now.
Patrick Wood : Amazing. And then one more, which is I was really interested around MiSight and the positive halo effect of selling in the rest of your offering. I mean is that more a function of MiSight opening the door in the first place, where there isn't a relationship because it's such a unique offering and then being able to sell more in? Or is it more about incremental depth with accounts where you already have that relationship?
Albert White : Yes. That's a really good -- it's a really good point because you're right. There's a lot of optometry offices where they're much stronger with some of our competitors to the point where they might just use competitor products and not our products. And MiSight has cracked open the door in a number of those accounts. And it's gotten our people in there, and all of a sudden, we're able to have conversations about products like MyDay as an example and about our extended toric ranges and so forth. It's opened the door and it's continuing to open the door into more new opportunities for us. So I do think there are some in terms of existing accounts where we're going in with an innovative product, right, and they can kind of see the technology advancements and they get more comfortable with Cooper. But you're spot on, I would not discount the importance of kind of virgin Cooper stores, if you will, where we can go in there and finally start selling some of our core products.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Saxon with Needham.
David Saxon : Maybe I'll ask two on CooperSurgical, starting with PARAGARD. I mean I heard the comments about flat volume growth, and you talked about some of the market dynamics, do you think PARAGARD can return to seeing volume growth over time? Or is this flat volume growth more of a longer-term expectation and kind of pricing is really the key driver over the long term?
Albert White : My gut tells me depending upon how you define long term, but certainly for the coming years here that volume is going to be flat. I think when you look at the availability of other offerings, the ease of availability and the additional offerings that are out there -- now those are on the hormonal side. But when you look at the birth control market out there, I think the volumes for IUDs and PARAGARD are going to be flat for a little while here.
David Saxon : Okay. Got it. And then on -- in fertility, I just wanted to hear what you you're seeing in terms of new fertility clinic openings, trends there? And any way to size how much of fertility growth is driven by like de novo clinics opening up and kind of how big of an opportunity that is for you guys?
Albert White : Yes. The new fertility clinics is kind of a phenomena outside of the U.S., if you will. You're definitely seeing more of that activity in some of Asia Pac and some parts of Europe. You're seeing kind of consistent opening of new fertility clinics. The numbers aren't that huge in the end of the day, but they're big enough to continue to drive growth because we see some of that in our capital equipment sales.  And obviously, that's a great part of our business. Anytime you can get capital equipment in. You've got the consumables following afterwards. So I'm not sure I've looked at it in terms of quantifying it because it hasn't been a spike or anything. It's been consistent here for probably the last four or five years, even through COVID, we were seeing new clinics continuing to open up. So I guess I would probably answer that by saying the fertility industry, I keep talking about like 5% to 10%, but obviously, it's grown more towards the upper end of that, certainly. Embedded within that is new fertility clinics opening. And I would envision the number of new clinics that we've been seeing open over the last five years or something to continue at a very similar pace probably for the next five years.
Operator: Your last question today comes from the line of Anthony Petrone with Mizuho.
Anthony Petrone : Just wanted a follow-up on Cook. Apologies if I missed it, just had another call there. But maybe just -- it sounds like it's certainly the probability is lower but there's still efforts to find a resolution. So maybe a little bit on just where the process sits and probability for close. And under a scenario where it does not close, there was an $875 million commitment and maybe just thoughts on where CooperSurgical M&A activity can go from here if this deal does not close?
Albert White : Sure. So yes, just a quick recap on Cook. We did take the $45 million hit to the P&L we accrued for it this quarter because the original transaction that we discussed is frankly, it's probably not going to happen. That $45 million would get paid under that scenario at the beginning of August.  So that's where we sit with that transaction today. You're exactly right. We are talking with Cook. We have a great relationship or a great group of people there. So we continue to have conversations with them to see if there's some transaction that we could still do. But I would certainly say with respect to that transaction, the likelihood is that we'll pay that $45 million. You're right, it was a big number, $875 million that we committed on that transaction. Right now, the focus -- the kind of capital focus, if you will, is very similar to what it's been over the last couple of years. We're going to look at paying down debt. We're going to look at acquisitions if they make sense. They got to be strategic, accretive acquisitions that fit well into what we want to accomplish at CooperSurgical or CooperVision, and that will probably continue, right? But there's nothing wrong with paying down some debt either.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session for today. I'll turn the call back to Al for closing remarks.
Albert White : Great. Thank you, and thank you, everyone, for joining today. We appreciate the time. As I mentioned, we're pretty proud of where we're at. We had a good quarter and things are starting off well this quarter, so we're well positioned. And we look forward to getting together again in three months and updating everyone after our next quarter. So thanks again. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-03-02 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Q1 2023 Cooper Companies Earnings Conference Call. I would now like to turn the call over to Kim Duncan, VP, Investor Relations and Risk Management. Please go ahead. 
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon, and welcome to Cooper Companies First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. During today's call, we will discuss the results and guidance included in the earnings release and then use the remaining time for questions. Our presenters on today's call are Al White, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Andrews, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer.
 Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market or regulatory conditions or trends, product launches, operational initiatives, regulatory submissions and closing or integration of any acquisitions or their anticipated benefits. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption forward-looking statements in today's earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including Cooper's Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings, all of which are available on our website at coopercos.com.
 Also, as a reminder, the non-GAAP financial information we will provide on this call is provided as a supplement to our GAAP information. We encourage you to consider our results under GAAP as well as non-GAAP and refer to the reconciliations provided in our earnings release, which is available on the Investor Relations section of our website under quarterly results. Should you have any additional questions following the call, please e-mail ir@cooperco.com. And now I'll turn the call over to Al for his opening remarks. 
Albert White: Thank you, Kim, and welcome, everyone, to Cooper Companies First Quarter Fiscal 2023 Conference Call. We started this year on a positive note with strong operational performances at both CooperVision and CooperSurgical. For CooperVision, we reported record quarterly revenues in our eighth consecutive quarter of double-digit organic revenue growth. For CooperSurgical, we posted strong results, including fertility reporting its ninth consecutive quarter of double-digit organic revenue growth. Earnings exceeded expectations, driven by the strength in revenues and investment activities yielding operational efficiencies faster than expected.
 This is exactly how we wanted to start the year, and we'll continue balancing investment activity with prudent operational management to deliver solid results. Moving to the numbers. Consolidated quarterly revenue reached an all-time high of $858 million. CooperVision posted record quarterly revenues of $581 million, up 10% organically and CooperSurgical posted revenues of $277 million, up 10% organically. CooperVision's growth was led by our daily silicone hydrogel portfolio, and myopia management and CooperSurgical's growth was broad-based with strength in many areas. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $2.90.
 For CooperVision in Q1 and reporting all percentages on an organic basis, revenue growth was strong and diversified. The Americas grew 9%, EMEA grew 12% and Asia Pac grew 10%. This performance was driven by new product launches, expanded product ranges, market-leading flexibility through our customized offerings and growth in key accounts. Regarding product details, daily silicone hydrogel lenses grew 17% with especially strong growth from MyDay. 
 Daily silicone hydrogel lenses continue to be the main driver of growth for the contact lens industry, and we offer the broadest portfolio with MyDay and clariti available on a wide range of spheres, torics and multifocals. Our silicone hydrogel monthly and 2-week lenses, Biofinity and Avaira Vitality reported another solid quarter of 9% growth.
 Turning to product news. We remain extremely busy. Our MyDay multifocal rollout is going incredibly well, and we expect strong growth to continue as the product becomes more readily available in EMEA and Asia Pac. Feedback from customers and practitioners remains outstanding, and we continue taking share. Our MyDay toric parameter expansion rollout in the U.S. and Canada is also going well, and we'll be launching the expanded range in EMEA this quarter. With over 4,000 SKUs, our MyDay toric has the widest daily toric range in the market by a wide margin and it's opening the door to many 2-week and monthly toric wearers to enjoy the freedom of wearing a daily contact lens for the first time ever.
 All this activity is having a positive halo impact on the MyDay sphere, which is also performing well. And lastly, on our MyDay franchise, I'm excited to announce we started the national rollout of MyDay Energys in the U.S. This premium lens uses the same innovative digital boost technology as Biofinity Energys to alleviate the impacts of digital eye strain. Studies show that adults are now spending more than 7 hours a day on screens, resulting in eyes feeling strained and uncomfortable. Energys with its boost technology is the perfect solution to address this digital eye fatigue and our survey work clearly shows that practitioners and customers are excited to get this technology in a daily offering.
 All this MyDay activity is exciting, and we remain dedicated to developing and rolling out technologically superior MyDay products for many years to come. Lastly, within the daily segment, clariti is performing well. Its mass market price point is allowing eye care practitioners to continue utilizing the clariti franchise as a great way to bring wearers into the daily silicone hydrogel space.
 Moving outside of dailies. Demand for Biofinity remains strong, led by our torics, multifocal and extended range offerings. We continue to be capacity constrained in some of these areas, especially around our extremely high demand made-to-order products such as extended range torics and toric multifocal but the continued ramp up of our manufacturing facilities is allowing us to address the significant demand. And lastly, we had a nice quarter with Avaira Vitality, especially in Asia Pac.
 Moving to myopia management. We posted revenues of $25 million, up 32% with MiSight up 50%. This was in line with expectations and keeps us on track to reach our goal of $120 million to $130 million in sales this year. Regarding MiSight, we're expanding availability in numerous key accounts, actively launching our expanded parameter range and making great progress on numerous R&D efforts.
 We're seeing increased fitting activity as optical offices become more comfortable with their myopia control practice management, and we're continuing to see a positive halo effect with our MiSight customers accelerating their use of other CooperVision lenses. MiSight is the first and only FDA-approved contact lens for myopia control and the product is backed by extensive clinical data. This is a critical differentiator as the proactive management of myopia become standard of care within the eye care community to help reduce the risk of long-time eye health problems associated with myopia such as cataracts, retinal detachment and macular degeneration.
 Finally, I want to mention the great work that the CooperVision team has done in our environmental sustainability efforts. In January, we announced that our net plastic neutrality initiative reached a major milestone with the prevention of the equivalent of more than 100 million plastic bottles from entering the oceans. This program has been incredibly well received by contact lens wearers and eye care professionals, and we're extremely proud of its success.
 To finish on CooperVision, the contact lens market grew roughly 9% in calendar 2022, with CooperVision growing faster at 11%, and we expect 2023 to be another robust year supported by the macro growth trend of more people needing vision correction. It's estimated that 50% of the global population will have myopia or nearsightedness by the year 2050, up from roughly 34% today. This is driven by a variety of factors, including greater screen time. And when combined with the ongoing to silicone hydrogel dailies, the increasing focus on higher-value products such as torics and multifocals and higher pricing, we expect many years of strong growth for the industry, and we expect to remain a leader with our robust product portfolio, ongoing product launches, fast-growing myopia management business and leading New Fit Data.
 Moving to CooperSurgical. This was an excellent start to the fiscal year. Our fertility business posted sales of $112 million, up 10% organically for its ninth consecutive quarter of double-digit organic growth. Success was broad-based with strong results throughout the product portfolio and around the world. The global fertility market remains a very exciting space with strong macro trends supporting significant long-term growth potential.
 There are multiple drivers in this industry, beginning with women delaying childbirth. The average age of women's first birth in the U.S. and within several other developed countries now stands at a record 30 years old, an age is a key factor contributing to the need for fertility assistance. Other growth drivers include improving access to treatment, increasing patient awareness, improved product offerings, increasing fertility benefit coverage and technology improvements for both male and female and fertility challenges.
 It's estimated that roughly 50% of reproductive age couples have fertility challenges and that over 750,000 babies are born annually through fertility assisted measures and these numbers are growing. Within the broader fertility space, we compete in a market that's roughly $2 billion in annual sales, and we forecast growth of 5% to 10% for many years to come. Our positioning is excellent with the broadest portfolio in the industry, a solid commercial footprint and strength in key accounts. We're also investing in our team and in our product portfolio, which includes consumables, capital equipment and reproductive genetic testing, and we're expanding geographically. Demand remains very strong, especially within our key accounts, so we need to keep building infrastructure by investing in our people and delivering the products and services required in this high-growth market.
 Moving to office and surgical products, which includes OB-GYN medical devices, PARAGARD and stem cell storage, we posted sales of $165 million, up 10% organically. Within this, OB-GYN medical devices grew 10% with strength seen in several of our core products. This team is doing a great job managing strong demand with ongoing supply chain challenges, and I'm proud of the hard work and success we're having. PARAGARD grew 11%, driven by buy-in activity from a price increase of roughly 8% implemented at the end of the quarter. We'll see a natural offset to this in Q2, but it's nice to get the year off to a good start.
 And lastly, our stem cell storage business grew 5% organically. We've owned this business for just over a year now, and I'm happy to report that we're seeing improving traction. The synergies we expected as part of the transaction are occurring and the business is in a good position. As part of our focus in this space and ongoing investment activity, and I'm happy to report we recently kicked off an exciting marketing campaign with Chrissy Teigen leading our latest educational efforts around the importance of preserving newborn stem cells. The early reaction to this social media campaign has been very positive and are excited to see how it progresses and delivers value through the year.
 To conclude our CooperSurgical. I want to mention something that I'm really proud of.
 Worldwide, every minute, a baby is now born using CooperSurgical products. I just love that, and it truly shows what a fantastic and meaningful business CooperSurgical is. So to summarize, let me again say this is exactly how we wanted to start this fiscal year. Our operational performance was excellent. Our momentum is strong. and we're executing on our investments to drive long-term sustainable growth. And with that, let me turn the call over to Brian. 
Brian Andrews: Thank you, Al, and good afternoon, everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to our earnings release for a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. First quarter consolidated revenues were $858 million, up 9% as reported or up 10% organically. Consolidated gross margin was 65.7%, down 1.2% from last year, primarily due to currency and product mix.
 Operating expenses grew 11% to 43.1% of revenues, and consolidated operating margin was 22.6%, down from 24.6% last year, primarily due to currency. To add some color, I'm happy to report that many of the freight and distribution challenges that we experienced in Q4 that continued into Q1 have now been resolved. And these financial results exceeded our expectations due to the strength at the end of the quarter. Below operating income, interest expense was $26 million, and our effective tax rate was 14.4%. Non-GAAP EPS was $2.90, with roughly 49.7 million average shares outstanding.
 FX negatively impacted earnings by roughly $0.30 year-over-year, which is $0.05 better than we were forecasting when we provided guidance in December. Free cash flow was $84 million, including CapEx of $83 million. CapEx continues to be heavily driven by capacity expansion, and we expect that to continue. Net debt decreased by $48 million to $2.56 billion.
 Turning to fiscal 2023 guidance. We're increasing expectations for revenues and earnings by incorporating our Q1 beat, improved operational performance and slightly better FX rates. This results in consolidated revenues of $3.5 billion to $3.55 billion, up 7% to 9% organically, with CooperVision revenues of $2.35 billion to $2.39 billion, up 8% to 9% organically and CooperSurgical revenues of $1.14 billion to $1.17 billion, up 5% to 7% organically. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $12.60 to $12.90.
 Within this, interest expense is expected to be slightly higher at around $110 million, but our effective tax rate is forecasted to be around 14.5%, offsetting this. For interest expense, we're assuming 3 future Fed moves, a 25-basis point rate increase this month, another 25 basis point increase in May and then an additional 25 basis point increase in June. For currency using updated rates, we are now expecting a slightly more positive impact to the P&L, which we're fully passing along. And from an operational perspective, we're raising expectations tied to actions we've taken to drive efficiencies.
 To summarize this, we're raising the midpoint of our earnings guidance by $0.30 with $0.20 coming from our Q1 beat, $0.05 coming from operational improvements that we're expecting in Q2 to Q4 and $0.05 for better FX in Q2 to Q4. The increase in our revenue guidance is similar, incorporating the Q1 beat, stronger expected performance in Q2 to Q4 and better FX.
 Regarding the operational improvements, in addition to addressing the supply chain challenges from Q4, we've taken further steps to improve our operational efficiencies. One such example would be the consolidation of our specialty lens business into our core lens franchise. Over the past several years, CooperVision has created the world's most comprehensive specialty contact lens portfolio comprised of products such as leading Ortho-K and scleral lenses to treat myopia and more severe cases of a regular accordion. This part of our business has grown nicely, and it's now time to consolidate it into our core operations and leverage our infrastructure.
 In the meantime, we're continuing to invest in our product launches, manufacturing footprint, and distribution capabilities to support our long-term growth objectives. Demand is strong and long-term growth trends are very positive, so we're investing prudently but accordingly. There are a lot of positives to take away from this activity. Our capabilities are expanding. Our operations are becoming more efficient, and the numbers are looking better.
 That being said, we remain cautious regarding recession risk and continued inefficiencies tied to supply chain challenges and have incorporated that into our expectations. To conclude on guidance, note that it does not include the pending acquisition of Cook Medical's reproductive health business. We're exploring all options related to this transaction in order to obtain regulatory approval, including the potential sale of certain Cook assets. And we expect the transaction to be resolved by August of this year.
 And with that, I will hand it back to the operator for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jon Block from Stifel. 
Jonathan Block: Brian, maybe I'll just start with some clarifying questions. So the update from FX, I think previously it was a 2.5% drag to revs and net neutral for EPS. That was prior quarter. How has that changed? So is there a new FX number on revenues from the 2.5% drag? And then the impact to EPS, I want to make sure I heard you right. Is that improved by $0.10, $0.05 is embedded in the 1Q outperformance and then $0.05 is sort of the balance of fiscal 2Q to 4Q? Maybe if you can just clear that up a little bit. 
Brian Andrews: Sure, sure. Yes. So you're right. So on the prior guidance, we had a 2.5% headwind to revenues. It's a little bit better. I'd say it's just on the margin. It's still kind of rounds to 2.5%, it's a stronger 2.5%, I'd say, for revenues, but still a headwind. And then on EPS, where we were saying neutral to EPS before from FX for the year were about 1%. When it comes to the updated guidance, just to recap, we beat Q1 by $0.20. $0.05 is from FX, the other $0.15 operational. The rest of the year, Q2 through Q4, we're raising by $0.10, half of which coming from FX, that's the $0.05, and then the other half from operational performance. 
Jonathan Block: Yes. Okay. Perfect. I think I got you. And that certainly helps. Maybe, Al, just with the second question, I'll just ask a big picture. There's certainly been a lot of chatter about supply concerns within the contact lens industry. You guys certainly seem to be fairly okay. But maybe just talk about where you guys sit. I know you mentioned a little bit around some of your product lines, but broadly speaking, where you guys sit? And your confidence or comfort level that you're broadly going to be able to stay ahead of the demand curve, especially with hitting the gas and getting the MyDay Energys launch off the ground? 
Albert White: Sure. Yes. I mean there's still supply chain challenges in the market, if you will. And we still see those also. And some of our competitors have talked about that and have had some challenges. I feel pretty good about where we're at. As I mentioned, we do have some capacity constraints, if you will, within Biofinity and a couple of other spots that we're working pretty aggressively at right now to resolve. But at a high level, I feel pretty good about where we're at.
 We're in a good spot with MyDay. We've got the Energys rolling out right now. We're in a good position with that from a production perspective and distribution perspective. We're in a good spot with clariti. We're in a good spot with Biofinity. We're in a good spot with Avaira Vitality. So pockets of challenges. But for us, at least from a supply chain perspective, we're getting -- we're definitely getting in a better position. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. 
Larry Biegelsen: Congrats on a really nice quarter here. guys. So I wanted to start, Al, on the contact lens market. And then I had one margin question for Brian. So Al, the guidance implies roughly 8% organic growth the rest of the year. Alcon called out some softness in the contact lens market on their call this week. What are you assuming for the contact lens market for 2023? Have you seen any changes in consumer behavior? And how does your private label business help insulate you? 
Albert White: Yes. So we've had a good start to the year. We had a good January. February was definitely a good month. So we're seeing positive momentum. I'm speaking for Cooper. So I think we're in a good place from that perspective, and you see that build into our guidance. If I think about the market a little bit more broadly, I would say we're taking share similar to what we've taken historically. So not a massive amount of share, but 1 point to 2 points, something like that over what the market is growing, kind of similar to last year. So I think the market is going to have another good year, frankly.
 At this point in time, the way the year is starting off and the visibility we have, I think the overall contact lens market is going to be certainly mid-single digits and probably on the higher end of the mid-single digits. When you look at our portfolio, we have the broadest portfolio in the market. We also manage a lot of customer brands and that definitely helps. When you look at retailers right now in some of our bigger accounts who are looking at their own profitability and managing their own supply chain issues and so forth.
 One of the areas that they'll have a tendency to turn around and focus on is their own store brands. Those are products that we have a tendency to support to them, and we take a lot of pride in that, and we work very closely with our key accounts and have strong relationships with them to continue to supply their customer brands. So I think that does help us, and I think it will help us as we move through this year.
 We have not really seen much in terms of any wearing habit changes in terms of trade down or anything along those lines. We're still seeing success driven heavily by products like MyDay frankly, within our franchise. We are having success with clariti. That's more of a mass market price point. I think that if you do see any moves associated with consumers being a little bit more concerned about the cost of things, and we have a great option in clariti, and I think we'll continue to do well with that. So yes, net-net, at the end of the day, I'd say I'm envisioning a strong market this year and us taking a little bit of share of it. 
Larry Biegelsen: That's super helpful. Brian, on the margins, they peaked the operating margin in 2019, call it, 27.6%. And the past 2 quarters have been kind of in the low to mid-22% range. Can you help us understand the decline -- the bridge to decline, call it, 500 basis points? And what's the path back to 27.6%? And embedded in 2023 is the margin -- operating margin embedded in the it's about 24%? 
Brian Andrews: Yes. Larry, good question. So yes, since 2019, FX has had obviously a fairly decent headwind to us. So that's been about 1.5%. The other sort of 2%, I would kind of bucketize into 3 parts, kind of 1/3 each. One of them is just equity. That's share-based comp. We moved a few -- a couple of years ago from 5 years to 4 years vesting and that's created a headwind for us. So that's about 1/3 of the delta.
 Supply chain and distribution, no surprise. We've got about 1/3 tied to that, and that's just all the things we've been thinking about recently here. And then, of course, the infrastructure investments that we've been putting into our business, and I kind of focus largely on IT, that includes the automation work that we're doing, but also just ERP and other sort of IT upgrades we've been making over the years. So I'd say that we're going to -- we're eventually going to hurdle those -- the equity piece, and we'll continue to grow into our infrastructure.
 But your operating margin comment for the year is directionally is in the neighborhood of where we think we're going to land. And I would say that all of the moves that we're making from an efficiency effort, the cost containment exercises and one example I gave in my prepared remarks is just one of the many. But we're going to continue to go after some structural changes to centralize and automate and leverage our infrastructure. But I expect that we'll continue to get leverage as we look forward. The only thing I'd also say is just from an operating income perspective, the midpoint of our guidance is taken up by 1% on a constant currency basis. So you would expect this year, we're already getting leverage. We're going to get around 10.5% constant currency OI growth at the midpoint of our guidance. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson from Baird. 
Jeffrey Johnson: Al, maybe starting on the contact lens business. Just what do you see from a pricing standpoint this quarter? Do you still feel like this year could be a little bit better pricing environment for you specifically given some of those larger retail contracts? And should we expect MyDay Energys to come out at a price premium? I know Biofinity Energys kind of was back and forth, whether it's a premium or just a premium value that were got value out of it at the same price. So what are you planning on MyDay Energys? 
Albert White: Yes. So MyDay Energys will be a price premium to the MyDay sphere. I'm not sure exactly where the number will settle out, but it will be somewhere around a 20% price premium to the regular MyDay lens. On pricing, in general, yes, I think that this will be a decent year from a pricing perspective for us. 2% plus pricing will get this year. As an industry, you're seeing positive pricing and it's probably in that 2%-plus range, same thing. And I'm talking about net pricing, right, because a lot of people are putting price increases through, but then you'll run programs kind of behind the scene rebate programs or whatever else, right? But net pricing, looking at that 2% to maybe as high as even 3% range. So a pretty good market from that perspective. 
Jeffrey Johnson: Yes. That's helpful. And then I think one of the numbers that set out the most of me was at 9% constant currency in your SiHy FRP business. I know there's different data sources out there. One of your competitors talked about that FRP market being flat in the fourth quarter. I don't know if you agree with that, but to beat the market by 9 points. Does that speak to some of the private label benefits that Larry was asking about or how else to think about kind of that outperformance? 
Albert White: Yes. I don't believe the market was flat, but the market was up -- was not up a lot. We are definitely taking share and growing when you look at that space. A big part of that ends up just being the magnitude of our product offering, right? Because I mean you have a really good product in Biofinity and a really good product in Avaira Vitality. But you're getting an add-on in growth from a product like Biofinity from things like the extended range sphere and the extended range torics that we have, the multifocal toric that's out in the marketplace. A lot of that kind of stuff is driving pretty nice growth.
 And then I think when you put it all together, that entire franchise together and you put it under some of these retailers store brands that are out there that now they're probably focusing a little bit more on and we'll frankly probably continue to focus a little bit more on. Yes, that's going to be beneficial for us. 
 And that monthly price point is a really good price point for a lot of contact lens wear. So if you believe anything -- if you believe the economy is going to move in that direction, then the likelihood is you're going to see things continue to move more towards store brands and probably not surprisingly, a little bit more towards a product like a monthly, and Biofinity is just perfectly placed for that. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Petrone from Mizuho Securities. 
Bradley Bowers: This is Brad Bowers on for Anthony. I just wanted to kind of hear about progress on my side. It sounds like the myopia management basis was strong in the quarter. Just wanted to kind of see where you're seeing the growth and kind of where you're on track there? 
Albert White: Sure. Yes. Myopia management was, I would say, was solid this quarter. The reason I wouldn't say it was strong, so to speak, really is China, that's where we ran in difficulty. So if you're outside of China, whether it's my side or whether it's our Ortho-K products, we had a really good quarter, and we've got good momentum. We're expanding those offerings. We're seeing MiSight in more big retailers and more big accounts as they're rolling it out and getting more active on their myopia control practices. So things going fairly well with respect to my side. Again, I would say the one clear negative within that space and the challenge that we had this quarter, frankly, was in China, that market just has not returned. So if it does start to return, we'll see some upside from that. We don't have a lot build into our expectations around that. So hopefully, we'll see that. 
Bradley Bowers: Got it. That's helpful. And then just a little -- switching gears a little bit on this one, but I do understand that there is probably not much that you can say on that, but just wanted to hear if there is any contemplation of additional strategic options to kind of get the Cook Medical deal across the goal line? Or just any real update that you could provide on that? 
Albert White: Yes, Brad, Unfortunately, there's not really much I can add other than just kind of repeating what we said, which is we're working through that process right now. There's a lot of regulatory implications there. So we're evaluating our different alternatives, kind of have everything on the table to see if we can figure something out. And as I mentioned, we'll have a resolution to that no later than August of this year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Bednar from Piper Sandler. 
Jason Bednar: I'd like to congrats you on a real nice start to fiscal '23. I wanted to maybe start in the Americas, that 9% growth, and I think it's some of the best growth we've seen from the region in several years, really outside of the COVID period when comps are really easy. Can you talk about the dynamics there? Help us understand how much this Americas strength is a function of whether it's new products or if the price there is any different from the 2 to 3 points you're talking about there or just if volume is really just kicking it?
 And then maybe to follow up on some prior questions. I want to clarify that you haven't really seen any trade down or softening in the consumer, at least within your portfolio, but your guidance still embed some cautiousness around that -- around the economy, I just want to make sure I have that all correct? 
Albert White: Yes. Let me hit that second one. So no, we have not really seen anything with respect to a trade down or softness in the contact lens marketplace at this point in time. As a matter of fact, we're continuing to hear from some of the big retailers and buying groups out there, including in the U.S. and around the world, challenges they're having with respect to staffing and whether that's staffing as office workers or even optometrists finding optometrists and getting optometrists to work enough hours.
 So no, we're in a good spot from that. We haven't seen that activity per what Brian said, yes, we are trying to incorporate some of that just to be a little conservative within our guidance. I think that makes sense. On the Americas, yes, we had a good quarter. Alex is running that business for us now. He's doing a really, really nice job. We've just got some great people on our Americas sales team that are executing really well. So we were kind of growing in line with market there for a while. Maybe we're kind of shaking that loose a little bit and starting to get rolling -- getting -- sorry, MyDay Energys into the market is going to be another step forward. So it's only 1 quarter. I don't want to touch too much to it, but certainly, you can't have a second good quarter without a first one, so a step in the right direction. 
Jason Bednar: Yes. No, well said. I appreciate that. Maybe just a -- another maybe follow-up to clarifying point from some earlier questions. Al, I don't think you typically bifurcate the growth that you see in different channels. But can you talk about directionally how much stronger your private label business is relative to sales that are going into private practices? Is the delta between those groups, 1 to 2 points, 3 to 4 points. How should we think about that? 
Albert White: Yes. Actually, they're probably pretty even right now. We did see a little bit more strength in our branded products for several quarters there last year. A lot of that tied to MyDay and a lot of success we were seeing in MyDay. But right now, from the numbers, there's not a big difference. We're getting kind of similar growth, if you will, from our -- what I have a tendency called customized solutions, right? All the customer brands and so forth that are out there and the direct sales, if you will, the optometrist offices and so forth. So I wouldn't -- at this point in time, I wouldn't highlight really a swing in any direction from that. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Mishan from KeyBanc. 
Matt Mishan: I guess this is for Brian. Could you elaborate further on kind of operational efficiency, kind of where that's coming from? Is that more of a gross margin type driver for you? And kind of how should we think about gross margin year-over-year now? 
Brian Andrews: Yes. I mean the -- we're going after several different costs containment initiatives. I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the consolidation of our Specialty eye care division into our core. Long term, that will be a gross margin benefit. But for the short term, that's going to be more OpEx benefit. We've gone after some other centralization activities, including consolidating our high-growth kind of a subregion within Eastern Europe and Middle East Africa into our European region. And so that will drive some better efficiencies. So I would say it's probably more of an OpEx play than anything else. Within gross margin, our guidance still is -- implied in our guidance is gross margins up year-over-year, a little bit more from currency than on a constant currency basis. 
Matt Mishan: Okay. That's fair. And then for Al, I think one of the things we've heard is that some of your competitors did pull back on some of the extended parameters or extended ranges that may not be kind of higher volume, but could add up for you. I guess is that enough to help you kind of drive some shift or is that just something that just has like increased relevance for Cooper with ECP? 
Albert White: I think that, that does drive share gains for us. And I think in longer term, it will drive share gains for us. Yes, some of our competitors have pulled back on something like the extended range or I shouldn't even call it extended range in our world, they would kind of be more regular toric ranges that are out there. But some of the broader toric ranges. We haven't really seen much impact from that yet because a lot of that activity is fairly new in the marketplace. But I do think one of the differentiators for us and one of the reasons we take share and have taken share consistently for a long time is the breadth of our product portfolio. It's very difficult to manage those wide parameter ranges.
 I mean, it just is. From a production perspective, all the way through distribution and all your packaging and labeling and inventory management and so forth. As you can imagine, when you get those really wide SKU ranges, it just creates a much more complex environment. So we're pretty good at that. We've invested a lot of money at that over the years. As I said, that's a differentiator for us, and I think it will continue to put us in a position to help us gain a little bit of share. So like you said, I wouldn't overdo that because the dollar amounts aren't that big. But any time you can get something to differentiate you in a positive way, that's a good thing. And I would say that's one of those things. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan. 
Robert Marcus: Great. Nice quarter. Maybe to start, are you able to quantify, if at all, any of the share you think you gained as competitors seem to have had more supply chain issues than you did around the world and the impact on the different product lines? 
Albert White: I don't think, frankly, very much. Some of the issues that competitors have had around supply chain are relatively recent. We've had some of our own challenges around supply chain. I don't want to act like we haven't. So frankly, I don't think there's very much that it's come from supply chain challenges. They haven't been significant or long enough to really start moving market share at this point in time. If they hold and they continue to be a challenge, I do think that could provide positive upside to us. But I wouldn't put much on it for the results that we're reporting right now. 
Robert Marcus: Got it. Okay. Great. And maybe, I know you're not assuming that the Cook deal closes in guidance, but hopefully, we'll know by later in the year. Do you have any thoughts on where it might be either accretive or dilutive at this point if it goes through as is? And what it might look like if you have to divest any of the assets? Do you think it would still be accretive? 
Albert White: Yes. I mean, as you can imagine, highly dependent upon what we have to sell off and what price we would get for what we have to sell off. At this point in time, I just can't answer that question. If I could, I would. But yes, at this point, I just can't give you color on that one. 
Robert Marcus: Okay. Do you think you'd still do the deal if it's going to be dilutive at this point? 
Albert White: Well, you know what, I'll refrain from answering that one. I mean, I'm a believer in accretive transactions. They need to be strategic, and they need to be accretive, and they need to make sense for your company short and long term. I guess that's how I would answer it. There's enough moving parts on that one behind the scenes that I just don't want to get into details on that. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Saxon from Needham. 
David Saxon: Congrats on the quarter. Maybe starting on surgical. You called out some pull-forward buying for PARAGARD in front of some pricing. Just wanted to see if you could quantify that impact and talk about kind of what the underlying demand looks like with PARAGARD? 
Albert White: Yes. For PARAGARD, I think we probably had about $3 million if we had to put a number on it that was pulled in from what would be Q2 here into Q1. And that's -- I was talking about like a little bit more positive in this quarter, that will result in a little bigger hurdle, if you will, in Q2 from that. From a unit perspective, if you will, I would stand by the statements that I made last quarter, which I think we're going to have a hard time getting unit growth this year. There are still patient flow challenges with respect to the OB-GYN marketplace and definitely with respect to IUD. 
 So I think for this year, we grow some. But it's not driven by units, it's driven by price. That's -- I still think we're kind of there. I hope I'm wrong. I hope I'm being too conservative on that one, but that's kind of where we're at right now. 
David Saxon: Okay. Got it. And then you've talked about some contact lens capacity expansion projects happening this year. Just wondering if you could give an update there and how we should think about the impact to gross margin this year? 
Albert White: Yes. We won't have much of an impact on gross margins this year. I think Brian was spot on. We'll see a little bit of improvement in gross margins. I think we've got the potential for more expansion in gross margins in the coming years. But if I -- if you look at capacity expansion right now, we've been busy. We were busy last year, certainly busy in Q4. I talked about that last quarter, and we start the year, but doing some expansion in Puerto Rico and Costa Rica in our U.S. facilities, doing work in the U.K. So there's a lot of facilities around the world where we're doing expansion right now. And a lot of that's tied to capacity expansion.
 I mean the long-term growth dynamics within the contact lens industry are pretty damn good right now. So we're looking at mid upper single-digit growth, I think, for 10 years or something like that. So we need to put some capacity in to support that. So we're doing that kind of intelligently, if you will. 
David Saxon: Got it. And if I could just follow up on that last comment about mid- to upper single digit growth. I guess you had a peer talk about kind of flattish to down unit growth. A lot of it is driven by pricing and mix. So I just wanted to ask if you're thinking about mid- to high single digit growth, how much of that is units versus price and mix? 
Albert White: Yes. Well, and I talk about this kind of every quarter, but somewhere around 1/3 of the world is myopic today. And by the year 2050, half the world is going to be myopic. I mean that's where the current trends are. So the macro trends are saying that more and more people are going to need visual correction, and that's going to continue year in and year out for a long time. And that's no surprise to anyone on the phone, and we all know how much people are staring at screens and how much kids are staring at screens and so forth.
 So at the end of the day, you're going to have an expansion of wearers that need visual correction and a percentage of those are going to want contact lenses. So you are going to continue to see more and more people needing visual correction and contact lenses. Certainly, here in the near term, you're going to see price. I don't think anybody is raising prices like crazy, but I think I'll speak for ourselves, and I'll say, we're not trying to gouge anybody by any means. I mean, we're raising price because price of raw materials and other costs are going up for us.
 And we're not raising any prices to cover all that stuff because part of our responsibility is to drive efficiencies to cover part of that. But at the end of the day, you're going to see pricing. So when you look at pricing, when you look at expansion of the wearer base, when you look at better fitting and by better fitting, I mean more toric and more multifocals, higher-priced products, all that kind of activity, all that's going to continue to drive growth.
 So if we look back 10 years from today and the contact lens industry grew, let's say, 6% a year, I would be comfortable talking about that kind of growth rate. And I think half of that could certainly be driven, if not more than that, ultimately, by expansion in terms of number of wearers. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Pascal from Nephron. 
Unknown Analyst: Congrats on a solid quarter, guys. I was curious, the CooperVision upside really came at least relative to our numbers outside of the core SiHy or myopia management segments that get all the attention. Is there any unusual in that non-SiHy part of the portfolio? I know there was a lot of noise last year with lens solutions coming out, and we thought you had at least one more tough comp before you lap that? 
Albert White: Yes. I'm not sure there was anything too unusual in there. I will say that it's interesting you mentioned that because we did have strength, obviously, within areas like our daily silicones and our Biofinity and Avaira product. But there's still demand for our products out there like Proclear and some of the older products that we have out there. Those are all declining products, but they're maybe not declining as fast as they were.
 So we're kind of seeing across the board decent demand, including in some of the areas you're talking about that we don't highlight or discuss anymore. 
Unknown Analyst: Okay. And then any update on SightGlass timing of next milestones there? What we should be looking for as we go through '23? 
Albert White: SightGlass, we're continuing to work on that. We're moving through the fourth year of that clinical data, which we'll get later this year. We'll take a look at it and hopefully get that back in the FDA's hands and knock on we'll get an approval of that. We still have work to do there. In the meantime, the products launched in several markets around the world. We're selling that product. As you know, we have a great joint venture with EssilorLuxottica, a great team there that we're really, really happy about and excited about. And I think a bright future with that product, that's, I guess, what I would say about it right now. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Lichtman from Oppenheimer. 
Steven Lichtman: Al was wondering if you could talk on MiSight relative specifically to the U.S. Any color you can provide in terms of how that ramp is going? What you're hearing from customers? Any feedback on that would be helpful. 
Albert White: Sure. I would say here in the U.S., it's kind of the same old, same old, good, strong, consistent performance. it's not ratcheting up. It hasn't turned and all of a sudden, we've hit a point where it's escalating higher at a faster trajectory. It's just good, solid, consistent performance. And we're seeing that in a number of markets around the world. Now a lot of markets have much higher incidences in myopia than the U.S. does. But if you're talking specifically the U.S. market, I would say good, solid, consistent performance. And I think, frankly, that's what we're going to continue to see, right?
 I mean, as I sit here today, that's what we've seen, which is more independent optometry offices utilizing the product, more retailers buying groups, getting in, evaluating the product, starting to use it. We haven't hit an inflection point, if you will, where it shoots up, but we certainly have not slowed down on it. So I would just say a good, solid, strong, consistent growth. 
Steven Lichtman: Got it. Great. And then I think last quarter, you guys talked about some increased investments this year overall on the OpEx line. I apologize if you mentioned this already, but is that still consistent this quarter, still expecting an elevated investment on that front? And can you just update us in terms of what some of those investments are? 
Albert White: Sure. Yes. I mean we're continuing no question to have investment activity whether it's the infrastructure of the business or whether it's commercially based around product launches. I mean Obviously, in a product like MyDay Energys, we're putting dollars behind the launch on that product, and we'll continue to do that. When you look at some of the other products we have, MyDay multifocal as we roll it out in different spots around the world, we have promotional campaigns, marketing campaigns supporting those products. So we'll continue to do that. I would say we did that in Q1, and we're going to continue to do that.
 I think that what Brian's talked about here that he's really spearheaded of driving efficiencies within our business, that's a different story. So that's not a matter of like cutting back on investment activities that we need to do and that are part of driving the growth of our business. That's about operating our business or businesses more efficiently than we've done in the past. And I think that's great. And in today's world, that's something we have to do.
 So I can tell you that's a focus and maybe a relatively newer focus, if you will, within the organization, but a focus within this organization is driving strong, efficient growth. 
Operator: Our final question comes from Navann Ty from BNP Paribas. 
Navann Ty Dietschi: My first question is what is your outlook on OB-GYN visits in 2023? And do you foresee a sustainable recovery of PARAGARD longer term and volume market share opportunities in addition to price increases? 
Albert White: Yes. I mean I might be more conservative than many people on that, but I'm still concerned about patient traffic within the OB-GYN office. We've seen some improvements there, but we haven't seen a lot of improvement there. And I think that might be the case as we roll through this year. Now I'm not saying that's necessarily true on all areas of the OB-GYN world, but in the areas where we operate and we compete, that's true in a lot of those spaces. One of those areas where that's true would be in the IUD market.
 We just haven't seen that foot traffic, if you will, the patient flow return at the levels that I've been hoping. And that's one of the reasons I was saying that I think at the end of the day, PARAGARD unit volume ends up being relatively flat this year, so that growth comes from price. Again, I hope I'm wrong on that. I hope we see the traffic because that would certainly be upside. But right now, not anticipating that. 
Navann Ty Dietschi: And maybe one on Cook if I may. So if the FTC requires disposal of the Cook business you'd like to keep. Could you redirect M&A in other women's health acquisitions? 
Albert White: Well, we could. Right now, I would say that from a capital perspective, our focus is on paying down debt. I mean, obviously, the Cook transaction is out there, and we're going to evaluate that Cook transaction and come to a resolution on it. But outside of that, I would say the majority of our focus from a capital perspective right now is on paying down debt. 
Operator: I would now like to turn the call over to Al White for closing remarks. 
Albert White: Great. Well, thank you. Thank you, everyone, for your time and for joining the call today. As I mentioned earlier, this is exactly how we wanted to start this fiscal year off on a good basis. So good revenue growth at vision, good revenue growth at Surgical efficiencies within the company, driving earnings upside. And I think we're well positioned to have a good Q2 to Q4. So I look forward to seeing you guys during the quarter and certainly to our next quarterly conference call. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-12-08 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Cooper Companies Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Kim Duncan, Vice President of Investor Relations and Risk Management. Please go ahead, Ms. Duncan.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon, and welcome to The Cooper Companies' fourth quarter and full year 2022 earnings conference call. During today's call, we will discuss the results and guidance included in the earnings release and then use the remaining time for questions. Our presenters on today's call are Al White, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Andrews, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market or regulatory conditions or trends, product launches, operational initiative, regulatory submissions and closing or integration of any acquisitions or their anticipated benefits. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption forward-looking statements in today's earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including Cooper's Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings, all of which are available on our website at coopercos.com. Also, as a reminder, the non-GAAP financial information we will provide on this call is provided as a supplement to our GAAP information. We encourage you to consider our results under GAAP as well as non-GAAP and refer to the reconciliations provided in our earnings release, which is available on the Investor Relations section of our website under quarterly results. Should you have any additional questions following the call, please e-mail ir@cooperco.com. And now, I'll turn the call over to Al for his opening remarks.
Al White: Thank you, Kim, and welcome, everyone, to Cooper Companies' fourth quarter and fiscal 2022 year-end conference call. We finished this year with CooperVision reporting its seventh consecutive quarter of double-digit organic revenue growth and CooperSurgical posting an eighth consecutive quarter of double-digit organic revenue growth within its fertility business. Demand for our products and services was very strong in Q4, and we're seeing that continue into fiscal 2023. I'm extremely proud of the dedication of our Cooper employees and the hard work it took to post another year of record revenues in fiscal 2022, and I look forward to another record-setting year in fiscal 2023. Moving to the numbers. Consolidated quarterly revenues reached an all-time high of $848 million, and we closed the fiscal year with record revenues of $3.31 billion. CooperVision posted quarterly revenues of $562 million, up 11% organically and reached a new record high of $2.24 billion in fiscal year revenues. CooperSurgical posted record quarterly revenues of $286 million, up 15% organically and reached new record fiscal year revenues of $1.07 billion. For the quarter, CooperVision's growth was led by our daily silicone hydrogel portfolio and myopia management products, while CooperSurgical's growth was broad-based with strength in PARAGARD fertility and our broader medical device portfolio. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $2.75. This was lower than we were forecasting primarily due to commercial spending tied to product launches and elevated distribution costs, and Brian will cover this later in the call. For CooperVision, in Q4, and reporting all percentages on an organic basis, revenue growth was strong and diversified in all geographic regions and across all product categories, spheres, torics and multifocals. The Americas grew 5%, EMEA was up 13%, and Asia Pac grew 16%. This performance was driven by new product launches, expanded product ranges, market-leading flexibility through our customized offerings and growth in key accounts. Regarding product details, daily silicone hydrogel lenses grew 20%, with especially strong growth from MyDay and from clariti in the Asia Pac region. Daily silicones continue to be the main driver of growth for the contact lens industry, and we offer the broadest portfolio in the market with MyDay and clariti available on a broad range of spheres, torics and multifocals. Our silicone hydrogel FRP lenses, Biofinity and Avaira, reported another solid quarter of 6% growth. Regarding product launches, we remain extremely active. The MyDay multifocal launch is going incredibly well, and the feedback from customers and practitioners remains outstanding. In the meantime, the MyDay toric parameter expansion launch has been overwhelmingly positive in the U.S. and Canada. With over 4,000 SKUs, we now match our standard Biofinity toric range and have the widest daily toric range in the market by a wide margin. Not only does this expand the daily toric category for everyone, but for many FRP toric wears, this is their first opportunity to enjoy the freedom of a daily contact lens. We'll be rolling out these expanded parameters in additional markets as we move through fiscal 2023 and look forward to continued success. And lastly on MyDay, we're excited to be bringing MyDay Energys to the market. This lens uses the same innovative technology as Biofinity Energys to alleviate digital eye strain, and eye care practitioners are excited to be getting this technology in a premium daily offering. We started seeding the U.S. market and a full national rollout is scheduled for early spring. Combining all this MyDay activity truly exemplifies CooperVision's leadership in the daily silicone hydrogel space and our focus on offering practitioners a wide variety of market-leading technologically superior products. Outside of MyDay, demand for Biofinity remains especially strong to the point where we're somewhat capacity constrained. We've increased price and production, especially in the extremely high demand made-to-order extended range torics and toric multifocals, and we'll continue to focus on increasing capacity on a broader scale moving forward. Moving to myopia management. We posted revenues of $26 million, up 29%, including MiSight up 88%. For the full fiscal year, we reported myopia management revenues of $93 million, which was impressive given the negative impact of currency and ongoing COVID restrictions in China. For MiSight, we're rolling out an expanded parameter range and launching in new countries, and I'm happy to report that MiSight is now available in 41 countries. Within this, we're seeing increased fitting activity from both independent optometrists and key accounts, and we're continuing to see a positive halo effect with our MiSight customers accelerating their use of other CooperVision lenses. All this is a good sign and points to a strong fiscal 2023, where we expect myopia management revenue of $120 million to $130 million, up roughly 35% at the midpoint in constant currency. And as a reminder, MiSight contact lenses are the first and only FDA-approved soft contact lens proven to slow the progression of myopia in children aged eight to 12 at the initiation of treatment. The product is backed by extensive clinical data and remains a shining example of CooperVision's leadership in the contact lens industry. Moving to SightGlass. We've been making progress with these myopia control glasses as part of our great joint venture with EssilorLuxottica. This includes selling in China and pilot programs in Canada, the Netherlands, the U.K., and Israel. In the U.S., the JV submitted an FDA application to be the first spectacle lens product to receive FDA approval for myopia control, and we hope to receive a positive response by calendar year-end. And to conclude on the importance of myopia management and why it needs to become standard of care, the risk of visual impairment and eye complications such as glaucoma, grows exponentially with vision loss. So, preventing higher levels of myopia is critically important for the long-term health of our children's eyes. To finish on CooperVision, the contact lens market is performing exceptionally well with growth of roughly 9% in calendar Q3. There are still COVID-related challenges, especially with respect to staffing shortages in optometry offices negatively impacting patient flow, but progress is being made. Meanwhile, the long-term growth drivers of the industry remain intact. This starts with a macro growth trend and more people needing vision correction with an estimated 50% of the global population expected to have myopia or nearsightedness by 2050, up from roughly 34% of the population today. This is driven by a variety of factors, including greater levels of screen time and less time outdoors, especially among children. Other industry drivers include the market's continuing shift to silicone hydrogel dailies, the increasing focus on higher-value products, such as torics and multifocals, and higher pricing, which is running ahead of historical trends. We expect global growth to remain healthy and believe we'll remain a leader with our robust product portfolio, ongoing product launches, fast-growing myopia management business and leading New Fit Data. Moving to CooperSurgical. We posted a great quarter with growth throughout our portfolio. Fertility reported sales of $109 million, up 15% organically, its eighth consecutive quarter of double-digit organic growth. Success we've seen throughout the product portfolio and around the world, and given our momentum as we enter fiscal 2023, we're continuing to invest in our team and in our fantastic product portfolio, which includes leading consumables, capital equipment and genomics. Demand remains very strong, especially among our key accounts, so we need to keep building infrastructure, investing in our people and delivering the products and services required in this high-growth market. Regarding the overall fertility market, the future looks bright. There are several industry growth drivers, but one of the key factors being women delaying childbirth. The average age of a women's first birth in the U.S. and several other developed countries now stands at a record high of 30-years-old and age is one of the key factors in needing fertility assistance. Additionally, factors such as improving access to treatments, increasing patient awareness, improved product offerings, such as cryopreservation, increasing fertility benefits coverage, and technology improvements for both male and female in fertility are driving the industry forward. In total, it's estimated that roughly 15% of reproductive aged couples have fertility challenges and that over 750,000 babies are born annually through fertility assisted measures, and these numbers are growing. Regarding CooperSurgical's market positioning, we compete in a portion of the market that's roughly $2 billion in annual sales, and we forecast growth of 5% to 10% for many years to come. Within this, we're well positioned to continue delivering strong results with the broadest portfolio in the industry, a market-leading commercial footprint and strengthening key accounts. Moving to office and surgical products, which includes OB/GYN medical devices, PARAGARD and stem cell storage. We posted sales of $178 million, up 58%, and up 15% organically. Within this, PARAGARD grew 19%, and office and surgical medical devices were up 13%. PARAGARD posted strong results rebounding from several tough quarters, and OB/GYN medical devices benefited from strong demand, especially for surgical products, combined with clearing and backlog. Lastly, our stem cell storage business grew 2%, in line with expectations against the difficult comp. To conclude on CooperSurgical, we made a ton of progress this year: our fertility business continues to post great results; our office and surgical products closed the year strong; and we completed an incredible amount of integration activity associated with several acquisitions, including the Generate deal. Before I turn the call over to Brian, let me say this was a great fiscal year for Cooper. We reported record revenues and made significant advancements throughout our organization. As we enter fiscal 2023, demand remains strong, supported by stable consumer activity and price increases, our investment activities, including new product launches and capacity expansion are going well, our employees are highly engaged, and we're continuing to execute on our long-range strategic objectives. Having said that, we are aware of global inflation, geopolitical risks and other factors that could cause a global recession, and we're thus managing our investment activity with prudent cost controls and well continue to be vigilant in our operations. With that, let me turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Andrews: Thank you, Al, and good afternoon, everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to our earnings release for a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. Fourth quarter consolidated revenues were $848 million, up 12% as reported and organically. Consolidated gross margin was 65%, down 250 basis points from last year, primarily due to currency and higher costs associated with supply chain challenges. Operating expenses grew 12% and were 42.8% of revenues, primarily as a result of the acquisition of Generate. Consolidated operating margin was 22.2%, down from 24.9% last year, primarily due to currency. Before moving on, let me say our Q4 operating income did not meet expectations. The primary drivers were commercial spending tied to product launches, an elevated distribution costs tied to shipping and inefficiencies associated with capacity expansion and automation efforts. Some of this activity will continue in fiscal 2023, and I'll touch on that in guidance. Moving below operating income, interest expense was $23 million with higher rates, and debt balances driving the increase. The effective tax rate was 14.2%. And non-GAAP EPS was $2.75, with roughly 49.6 million average shares outstanding. Regarding earnings, FX negatively impacted the quarter by $0.75, which was $0.11 more than we had built into our guidance on our September earnings call. A large part of the $0.11 was attributable to the remeasurement of foreign currency-based intercompany trade receivables, including exposures from before we began mitigating certain balances. Free cash flow was $36 million, including CapEx of $95 million tied to capacity expansion. And net debt reduced by $31 million to $2.61 billion. Moving to fiscal 2023 guidance. We are assuming a modest recession, ongoing inflation and rising interest rates. For the year, we're guiding to consolidated revenues of $3.455 billion to $3.515 billion, up 6% to 8% organically, with CooperVision revenues of $2.325 billion to $2.365 billion, up 7% to 9% organically, and CooperSurgical revenues of $1.13 billion to $1.15 billion, up 4% to 6% organically. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $12.30 to $12.60, based on $106 million of interest expense and a 15% effective tax rate. For interest, we're assuming a 50 basis point rate increase from the Fed in December, another 50 basis point increase in February, and then an additional 25 basis point increase in March. For the tax rate, we're assuming no discrete items. For currency, we're using yesterday's rates with a little conservatism given the FX volatility. This results in year-over-year FX headwind of roughly 2.5% to revenues while being neutral to EPS. From a quarterly gating perspective, we expect consolidated Q1 revenues and earnings to be slightly less than Q4 with currency continuing to have a significant negative impact. After Q1, assuming rates hold steady, the currency impact will lessen and ultimately turn positive towards the middle of the fiscal year. Moving to the full year P&L. Let me touch on the details that will drive our financial results. During Q4, we ramped up investment activity and expect that to continue. As an example, we accelerated work on roughly doubling our U.S. CooperVision distribution center to get the building shell done before winter, and we now expect to be utilizing this additional 150,000 square feet of space this coming summer. We are also expanding other distribution and manufacturing locations at CooperVision and CooperSurgical, and implementing substantial automation. Additionally, we're adding significant capacity to our contact lens manufacturing footprint. We saw some of this activity in Q4 with CapEx of $95 million, and we expect it to continue with CapEx being around $400 million this fiscal year. Near-term demand is strong and long-term growth trends are very positive. So, this activity is needed to support our growth initiatives. Having done this type of expansion work in the past, we know we'll get it done and probably ahead of schedule, but it does create inefficiencies. When you're dealing with an already strained global supply chain, it makes things even more difficult. We built expectations around this inefficiency into our guidance, along with inflation assumptions and believe we've sufficiently captured everything. In total, for fiscal 2023, this means strong revenue growth, slightly improving gross margin supported by price increases, and higher-than-normal OpEx, resulting in our operating margin being up slightly year-over-year. To conclude on guidance, note that this does not include the pending acquisition of Cook Medical's reproductive health business, but does include the acquisition of SynergEyes, a small specialty contact lens business we closed on November 1. Regarding Cook, we're exploring options to get regulatory approval, including the potential sale of certain Cook assets, and are hoping to close by June 30, 2023. And with that, I'll hand it back to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jon Block from Stifel. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jon Block: Great. Thanks, guys. Well, I'll start on maybe MyDay Energys. I know it's very soft launch, but any early feedback on the lens? And you got a competing lens for digital eye strain that's priced at the really high end of the market. And does that give you any thoughts on how you can price this or get a little bit more aggressive on the positioning of MyDay Energys in the market? And then, I'll ask my follow-up.
Al White: Yes. So, Jon, the response so far from eye care practitioners has been pretty positive. A lot of them know this technology, because they've used it with Biofinity, so they're comfortable with it. They've been requesting it in a more premium daily, which is obviously MyDay that were given to them now. So, I'm optimistic it's going to do well. We're just getting it in the hands of key opinion leaders starting really here in November, and we'll continue to expand that out in the coming months. But positive response on that. It will be priced at a premium to the sphere, to the MyDay sphere. I won't go into pricing details yet as we don't have it out in the market, but it will be a premium priced product.
Jon Block: Okay. Helpful, thanks. And then, maybe to shift gears, Brian, this one might be for you. Just any details on costs -- the low $13.00 EPS number for '23 last quarter on the soft guide, and now the $12.45 at the midpoint that you came out with this afternoon, is it all attributable to some of those elevated OpEx costs that you called out on the distribution side that seems to be playing a role in '23, or are there any other variables we should be thinking about? And then just sort of tack on to that is, do you really see those higher distribution costs is somewhat transient, call it, a '23 event and hopefully that subside as we think about '24? Thanks, guys.
Brian Andrews: Hi, Jon, yes, good questions. I'll take the second part of your question first. Yes, there's a good part of that, that was transient that really was particular to the quarter. And then, there's an element of the inefficiencies and just elevated OpEx that will persist into 2023. Now, I touched on some of the things that drove our guidance, including the strong revenue growth, gross margins improving, driven by price increases, and operating margins up slightly. We are assuming a modest recession, including those inflationary pressures and those continued inefficiencies. And then there, of course, the rate increases and some conservatism perhaps on FX. But the nice thing is, obviously, currency was brutal last year. It's going to be bad in Q1. It will improve quite a bit after that. But we got hit hard with increased costs in 2022. Those will settle down a little bit. But we are factoring some of that in. We are seeing some normalization at freight and wages. We'll annualize some of those, and we're seeing some improvements already, but we did not factor some of those improvements into our guidance. So, in short, yes, the elevated OpEx is taking our EPS guidance, maybe a touch lower than where we were three months ago. But it's still not materially different from where we had set guidance, where -- what we had said about a quarter ago about driving to low single-digit earnings growth. We just have higher interest and just some of the elevated OpEx that we've factored in perhaps for a little bit of conservatism as we start the year.
Jon Block: That's helpful color. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, it's [Leah] (ph) calling in for Larry. Thanks for taking our questions. Can we talk a little bit more about the margins, gross margin and operating margin? You talked about the higher distribution costs and some investment for new products. Can you help us bridge from fiscal Q4 through fiscal '23, how to think about that cadence? Do things get -- do the margins get worse before they start to improve, or is it mostly stable?
Brian Andrews: Yes. So, on margins, Q4 to next year, I touched on -- I gave a little bit of guidance in my prepared remarks just around Q1 being a little bit lower than Q4. Some of that -- gross margin is going to be somewhat similar, but OpEx is still going to be elevated. We saw some of the issues that we dealt with in Q4 kind of bleed into Q1. As you work through the year, like I said, currency improves, gross margin will improve from price, and then operating margins, while they're going to be up slightly year-over-year, they are being held down a little bit from the elevated OpEx. The cadence and the gating around revenues is going to be pretty similar to the way it is typically. And -- so that's basically the gating. Did you -- did I answer your question, Leah?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. Thanks, Brian. Just to be clear, you said both the revenue and margin will be lower in Q1 versus Q4?
Brian Andrews: So, revenues will be a little bit lower, and gross margins probably a little bit similar, but you've got higher OpEx, and certainly higher interest expense, which will drive your EPS a little bit lower versus.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks. That's helpful. And if I can just have another question on the guidance. You talked about $120 million to $130 million in myopia management revenue. What's assumed on SightGlass in that? And what do you assume about SightGlass launch cost in the guidance? Thanks.
Al White: So, there's nothing in there for SightGlass revenue. As you know, Leah, that's a joint venture that we have. So, we don't recognize revenue from that other than a little bit of the product that we distribute, but it's pretty minimal. We've assumed continued cost there. We've had expenses associated with SightGlass that have been rolling through our P&L every quarter. We've assumed that will continue. The only thing that I would probably highlight that's not factored in there is what happens with FDA approval. If we do get FDA approval, I'm sure there will be incremental launch costs associated with that activity. And we'll obviously pull that out and highlight that specifically, but that's a little bit of an unknown. So that's the only thing that wouldn't be in there.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Johnson from Baird. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, guys. This is Dan on for Jeff. Thanks for taking the questions. On the kind of 7% to 9% CVI organic guide, it looks like maybe you got 150 basis points of tailwind from myopia management. We were just wondering kind of what is the pricing assumption in there? I know I think you mentioned it being a little bit higher than this year. So, what's kind of the organic ex price, ex myopia kind of CVI growth you're expecting?
Al White: Yes. I think that price this year ends up being somewhere around 2% as a positive. And that's probably true for us, and an industry comment, it's going to be somewhere around in that range. So, yes, when you look at the 7% to 9%, depending upon how you want to look at that compared to prior years and so on and so forth, you've got 1%, 1.5% coming from myopia management and a couple of points coming from price still within that.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And just to clarify, that 2% for '23?
Al White: Correct.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then just one follow-up on PARAGARD. I know this quarter you guys had an easy comp. But we did see some data starting to suggest the office visits improve and just IUD use improve overall. So, what are your kind of thoughts on the end market growth for IUD and PARAGARD into '23? Thanks.
Al White: Yes. I think that it's okay, but I wouldn't go really any further than okay. When I look at fiscal Q4 certainly and how we started this year, I mean, we've got some good numbers there because of rebound activity. But if I look at actual patient traffic with respect to OB/GYN visits, specifically associated with IUD, we haven't really seen much of an improvement there. So, I think there are signs of potential improvement, but I wouldn't read too much into that right now. I think we'll still have a challenging year, if you will, with PARAGARD in terms of getting a lot of unit growth out of it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch from Citibank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Joanne Wuensch: Thank you. A couple of questions. You're talking about a 9% contact lens market growth that absorb, say, 2% price, maybe that makes a 7% market grower. That's higher than the normal average. What's driving that growth?
Al White: Yes. It's -- boy, there's a lot of good demand out there when it comes to contact lenses, I can tell you. And I would say it's probably true for all visual correction companies. We were running pre-COVID. We got up to running kind of a round for a market, 5% to 6% and maybe there was a 0.5% or a point of price, something like that in there. It's stronger than that right now. So, whether it ends up being -- the shift I talked about to torics, the shift to multifocals, the shift to daily silicones, that kind of stuff that was happening before is still happening. You're getting a little bit, honestly, I think, from COVID. I think that you had so many kids who were inside and so many people who have not been able to go to the optometrist, that you're still seeing a push there. I mean you can still talk to retailers in optometry offices about issues they're having, meeting the demand from patients. And some of that is not enough optometrists and changes in optometry, work habits and so forth, but there's still staffing challenges, there's still demand-related challenges that are out there. So, I think it just ends up being a better industry, frankly, than it was even years ago. The macro growth drivers are arguably stronger than they were pre-COVID.
Joanne Wuensch: And then as a follow-up, help me understand what gross margins might look like next year, given everything.
Al White: Yes. I think that you've got a couple of different things that pushed gross margins higher and lower, and you certainly have currency in there that ends up starting to be a positive to help us. But the price increases we're talking about also flow directly through. So, at the end of the day, we're expecting to see improvement year-over-year in gross margins. I won't go into specific numbers on that, but gross margin should be up year-over-year.
Joanne Wuensch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Bednar from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jason Bednar: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions, and sorry if any background noise here. Al and Brian, within that 7% to 9% organic revenue guide for CVI, can you help us understand how you're thinking about the geographic build-up within that guide? I asked -- the Americas performance was a little soft this quarter. Just curious how you're thinking about the growth contribution if you look around the globe for fiscal '23.
Al White: Yes. The Americas is kind of in line with market, if you will. That's where we've been running a little bit here for CooperVision for a couple of quarters. And then, we've been outperforming in Europe and outperforming in Asia Pac. I would assume that that's going to continue. We put up some good numbers, right, there's -- in Europe, and there's some questions about that in terms of what happens with the consumer there, but we're continuing to see good demand in Europe. Our key account strategies are really successful there. So, I'm expecting us to continue to put up solid results in Europe. Asia Pac is certainly coming back. We posted a good quarter. As you'll remember, pre-COVID, for a number of years, we were double-digit in Asia Pac. We've got a great presence there, a great team there, and I would expect us to continue to put up strong numbers in Asia Pac. The Americas, I think, continues to kind of grow around in this area. I do think one thing that could help, the Americas somewhat end up being priced. We all talked about price, but the key on price ends up being the net price that you realize, taking price and then offering discounts or other activity to retailers and people doesn't get you the true price. You have to look at the net price increases. I think as an industry and us included, everybody is doing a better job focusing on that, saying, hey, we have to get the net price increase. So, I think that's going to help the Americas market a little bit as we're in 2023 also.
Jason Bednar: Okay. That's helpful. And then, Al, as you're thinking about pricing for next year, I mean, your stability for fiscal '23, 2% next year versus 2% you just put up. But I thought there was a supposed to be maybe some lagged effect on some of those key accounts you have, the contract resetting. So, I guess is the 2% tailwind for pricing next year, is that just conservatism, or are those contracts not resetting like we thought they were? Just curious how you're thinking about that dynamic. Thank you.
Al White: Sure. Yes. I think that -- I don't think we got 2% last year in terms of price increases. We did not. CooperVision did not get 2% in terms of price increases. So, I think we were probably more in the 1% to 1.5% kind of range for price increases. And I think that increases to 2%, which picks up the things that you're talking about. And I think that will -- that bodes well, if you will, when you think about that from the perspective of what that means for like Q3, Q4 this year and probably fiscal '24 also, because the things that you're referencing are all future positives for us.
Jason Bednar: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robbie Marcus from J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead. You line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is actually Lily on for Robbie. Thanks for taking the question. We've heard about supply and manufacturing issues from both you and some of your competitors. So, do you think this is affecting share? And have you seen any benefits or loss from these dynamics?
Al White: I don't think we've seen really share shifts. We've all had our challenges I think that it cost us some. We met a lot of the customer expectations through expedited shipping, that kind of thing. And that's some of what Brian was talking about, right, which is those costs to meet consumer expectations can get expensive. I think at the end of the day, when you're talking about share shifts and so forth though, it takes a little bit longer to see that. The practitioners setting what they want to fit they need to go through a period of time where they're unable to get product from someone before they really start changing their fitting behavior. So, I don't think we've seen shifting share dynamics because of that. We've been taking share, I would say, for the same reasons that we've taken it historically. Great product portfolio and a great sales team out there executing. I don't think that weve really seen much in terms of share shift because of supply chain challenges or shipping-related issues.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And then just a follow-up. The [silicone] (ph) daily number came in pretty well above what we were thinking. So, maybe just on the competitive environment there, is there any color you can share on what you've been seeing in terms of share capture versus trade-ups from your own base? Thanks very much.
Al White: Yes. I think that people are underestimating the power of CooperVision's daily silicone hydrogel portfolio. I know there's a lot -- it's complicated, right? And it's probably -- it's more complicated than some of our competitors in terms of the offerings that we have. But when we talk about something like the MyDay toric parameter expansion launch that we're going through, I mean, I understand that's a hard thing for people to understand or get their arms around, but it's powerful and it's important, and there's incredible traction associated with that and great annuity streams on high-priced products. So, I think at the end of the day, that's probably what it is. And if you think about that in the context of not only a product like MyDay toric, but also the multifocal and you think about Energys, a really, really strong product side. And by the way, I don't want to ignore clariti, which is doing really well, especially in Asia Pac right now. So, it's not surprising to me that we're continuing to put up strong daily silicone numbers. And I would expect those to continue as we move through 2023.
Operator: Our next question comes from Zach Weiner from Jefferies. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Zach Weiner: Hey, thanks for taking the question. I just want to focus on MiSight. Can you give some color on how patient volumes are trending through optometry offices and if staffing is impacting MiSight at all? And then, any color on MiSight retention rate through the quarter? Thanks.
Al White: Sure. Yes, MiSight was a positive this quarter, better than my expectations. The myopia management number, if you will, in total we get the 93 million, but Ortho-K was weaker than expected. We ran into some issues in September and October with our Ortho-K product line in China. And we all know what's been happening in China. And our Ortho-K sales came in definitely lower than expected. The flip was true on MiSight, where we posted some good numbers. I was happy with that. The fitting activity is pretty strong there. The interest in activity we're seeing from some key accounts and retailers and so forth is positive. Retainage [of wears] (ph) was positive again definitely this past quarter. So, some good positive trends with respect to MiSight. It's almost a little under the surface, if you will, but I was really happy with our Q4 performance there.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Saxon from Needham. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
David Saxon: Hi, good afternoon, and thanks for taking the questions. Maybe I'll start with the guidance. The organic guidance at least calls for a slowdown, CVI 7% to 9% versus, I think, it was 12% in fiscal '22, and CSI, 4% to 6% versus 8% in '22, and below the 5% to 10% market growth you call out. So, just wanted to ask if this just kind of the comp dynamic, you are facing tough comps, or are there any change in the market place that's causing the slowdown?
Al White: So, yes, tough comps is part of it, as a matter of fact a couple of years with pretty decent performance here in tough comps. We're seeing strong results so far this quarter. We're not seeing anything to really indicate a material slowdown, that's for sure. Having said that, we're giving guidance for the full year. So, when you think about the factors Brian mentioned talking about guidance, right, and the potential that we're factoring in a moderate recession and inflation and other items that are out there, yes, we try to take that all into consideration and give what we though were prudent guidance ranges.
David Saxon: Okay. Got it. And then maybe a two-parter on the M&A front. I guess, any update on the map around the Cook deal? Help us think through kind of the impact from selling assets needed to get the deal done and higher interest rates. And then, on the SynergEyes deal, maybe give us a brief overview on that, and kind of how it fits into your speciality lens portfolio? Thanks so much.
Al White: Sure. Yes. On Cook, I'll stay away from commenting anything on that. We're actively out in the market right now, trying to see if we can make a transaction happen. And depending upon what happens, we'll obviously have a decent impact on what the final numbers will look like, right? Obviously, some things have moved against us, interest being clearly one of them. When you update for interest rates, that's clearly more negative than it was when we announced that deal. But I'll kind of stay away from commenting beyond that just because there's a lot of activity behind the scenes on that one now. On SynergEyes, yes, a nice little specialty business here in the U.S., around $20 million in revenues. We paid about $30 million for that business. Just a nice little tuck-in into our specialty business unit. They have cool hybrid lens and some other technologies that will fit well into our space. As you know, we're a leader in the specialty space, whether it's things like MiSight and Ortho-K and scleral lenses and so forth. So that's an important part of our legacy, our history, and something we want to remain a market leader in. So, tucking in that technology is a positive for us. It's new to us. We don't have that technology. So, it's adding something new for us. So, yes, that's kind of a story behind that one, small deal though.
David Saxon: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Lichtman from Oppenheimer & Company. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Steve Lichtman: Thank you. Hi, guys. Brian, you mentioned during the prepared remarks, assuming a mild recession in your guidance. Can you guys talk more about what that means in terms of assumed headwinds? In what ways across CVI and CSI are you assuming modest recession could potentially impact growth? Is it too mixed [indiscernible] in lens, fittings, anything you can provide in terms of qualitatively would be helpful.
Brian Andrews: Sure. Hi, Steve. Yes, I mean as it relates to the recession risk comment, we factored that into our OpEx assumptions primarily, but also the revenues and cost of goods. We feel we can hurdle the latter two with price increases. Regarding OpEx, you still have wages and freight, for example, that we put in assumptions in around inflation. As I said earlier, we're seeing some improvements in normalization. We didn't factor them in, though, into the guidance. So, not putting that inflation abatement or any upside that we're starting to see, we're starting the year off. We want to be a little bit conservative. We've got the full year ahead of us. We want to be prudent, as Al said. So, that's kind of what we put in. And then, of course, just some of the commentary around interest rates and FX, of course, also maybe a touch conservative there, too.
Steve Lichtman: Got it. Okay. Great. And then just a quick follow-up. I appreciate the comments on CapEx for this coming year. Can you talk about overall what you're thinking regarding free cash flow this year, either quantitatively or just directionally versus FY '22?
Brian Andrews: Sure. Yes, I mean operating cash flow should be better than last year. You still have things like interest and taxes that will offset some of the operating cash flow versus last year, but still net-net, operating cash flow up probably just a bit, just slightly. And then with the $400 million CapEx that I cited, you're probably somewhere around $300 million of free cash flow in 2023.
Steve Lichtman: Got it. Thanks, Brian.
Operator: Our last question will come from Matthew Mishan from KeyBanc. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Matthew Mishan: Great, and thanks for taking the questions. Just the first one is on Europe. I understand the Asia growth. I think that seems like it's been a great market for you for a good amount of time. Just help me understand how you guys are doing like double-digit growth right now in Europe? And maybe is there a difference in how consumers purchase contact lenses in Europe than they do in the U.S.? Is it more of a subscription service versus like a sale at the optometrist?
Al White: Yes. Well, part of Europe is we have a really strong team there. Debbie Olive runs our team. I was just over in Europe with our Italian team who's crazy strong. Just really, really proud of that team, and they're executing incredibly well. I wouldn't highlight anything necessarily where I'd say, hey, there's a different subscription model and so forth. There are differences, but they're more subtle. But the team is just executing well all over there, especially with respect to key accounts. Our key account team is really, really strong, and they've been executing and being successful there. So, we're taking share and believe that there's a decent chance we're going to continue to be able to do that moving forward.
Matthew Mishan: Okay. And then on the investments you're making in distribution and capacity, I remember a couple of years ago you were kind of really making major investments to drive that. Just help me understand like -- put this investment that you're making -- these investments that you're making in the context of the investments that you made a couple of years ago?
Al White: Yes, that's a good question. Yes, we took a decent step forward a few years ago in terms of investing in our distribution networks. What I would kind of describe this is we did a bunch of that work in some of our big distribution facilities and our big manufacturing facilities. We've continued to see significant growth around the world. So, we're needing to expand. Now, one of the great things about this that actually gives me some comfort is a lot of the technology is already in some of our distribution centers as an example. We're rolling it out to other distribution centers that used to be small that have now gotten larger and we need to automate or automate sections of that. When I look at manufacturing, we were upgrading a lot of our lines and improving a lot of our lines as we move to like really high-volume production. It's expanding on those high-volume lines. So, this is a pretty big expansion, though. I mean, I step back and kind of look at it, and Brian talked about the numbers, I mean, it's pretty sizable dollars. So, we're going around. We're doing this expansion. We're building out capacity to really support a long-term growth story. I've talked about that in the past, right? I continue to say that we're in some great growth markets when it comes to contact lenses and fertility. And we're investing accordingly to be able to continue to put up strong top-line growth for many, many years. So, this is real. I mean we're spending some money and doing some hard work to do it. And why we're doing it, by the way? It is hitting the P&L a little bit, but let me give you an example on that side of things. When you're doing an upgrade on some packaging lines as an example, let's just -- let's say you're doing an IT upgrade, right, we're continuing to run those lines, while in -- at the same time, we're putting in the upgrades, right, and we're not disrupting service. So, we'll get inefficiencies by doing two things at the same time, right? As soon as we're comfortable that the new upgraded system is better, then we'll stop using the old system, and we'll get rid of it and get rid of those duplicate costs. So, we've done this before. We're doing it again. We're trying to maintain high customer service levels. We're trying to meet the demand that's out there from a long-term perspective. We're entering into contracts that are tied to long-term growth. So, there's things that we're comfortable that the demand is there. So, anyway, long story there, I guess, Matt, just kind of saying that I'm excited about it. I think there's some really cool things that are going on and are going to support a lot of long-term growth for us.
Matthew Mishan: All right. Excellent. Thanks, Al. Thanks, Brian.
Operator: We have no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Albert White for closing remarks.
Al White: Great. Thank you. I'll give you one closing remark, and that's that if FX rates stay where they're at, I am certainly happy that we're going to spend less time talking about currency. I mean last year, currency was negative to us around $2.32, I think, so a pretty significant hit to EPS and a big hit to the top-line. As Brian mentioned, FX is still a decent negative to us in Q1, but then it actually starts turning the other direction to the point where it actually starts moving positive. If that holds where it's at right now, that's going to put us in a good position to get back to the back half of this year, where all else being equal and holding steady, we could be back up to double-digit EPS growth. So, I'm excited to get currency behind us. I'm excited about what the team is doing right now, and the momentum that we have, and the investment activity that we're putting dollars behind. I think our business is in a really, really good place right now. So, with that, I'll thank everyone for the call, and say happy holidays, and look forward to speaking with everybody in the future. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-08-31 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day. And thank you for standing by. Welcome to Cooper Companies Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]  I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker, Kim Duncan, Vice President, Investor Relations and Risk Management. You may begin.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon, and welcome to The Cooper Companies third quarter 2022 earnings conference call. During todays call, we will discuss the results and guidance included in the earnings release and then use the remaining time for questions. Our presenters on todays call are Al White, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Andrews, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market or regulatory conditions or trends, products launches, operational initiatives, regulatory submission and closing or integration of any acquisitions or their anticipated benefits. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption forward-looking statements in todays earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including Coopers Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings, all of which are available on our website at coopercos.com. Also, as a reminder, the non-GAAP financial information we will provide on this call is provided as a supplement to our GAAP information. We encourage you to consider our results under GAAP as well as non-GAAP and refer to the reconciliations provided in our earnings release, which is available on the Investor Relations section of our website under quarterly results. Should you have any additional questions following the call, please email ir@cooperco.com. And now Ill turn the call over to Al for his opening remarks.
Al White: Thank you, Kim. And welcome everyone to Cooper Companies third quarter conference call. Let me start by highlighting that this was the sixth consecutive quarter of double digit organic revenue growth for CooperVision and the seventh consecutive quarter of double digit organic revenue for CooperSurgicals fertility business. This impressive performance showcases the strength of our teams and the strong demand for our products and services. This momentum continued in August and were increasing the organic revenue guidance for both CooperVision and CooperSurgical incorporating our strong Q3 and the strength were continuing to see. Overall, the challenging macro environment, including headwinds from currency inflation and supply chain challenges has negatively impacted profitability, but has not reduced our ability to take share and drive sustainable, top-line growth. Moving to the third quarter results, consolidated revenues reached an all-time high of $843 million with CooperVision posting record revenues of $566 million up 11% organically and CooperSurgical posting record revenues of $277 million up 35% as reported, up 3% organically. Growth was led by our daily silicone hydrogel portfolio in myopia management products for CooperVision and fertility for CooperSurgical. Non-GAAP earnings per share of $3.19. And we posted record quarterly free cash flow of $217 million. For CooperVision and reporting all percentages on an organic basis, revenue growth was strong and diversified in all product categories, spheres, torics and multifocals, and within all three geographic regions. The Americas was up 7%, EMEA grew 15% and Asia-Pac grew 11%. This performance was driven by a number of factors, including new product launches, expanded product ranges, market-leading flexibility through our customized offerings, growth in key accounts and strength of branded products. Regarding product details daily silicone hydrogel lenses grew 24% led by great results from both MyDay and clariti. Daily silicones continue to be the main driver of growth for the contact lens industry and we offer the broadest portfolio in the market with MyDay and clariti available in a broad range of spheres, torics, and multifocals. Within this were continuing to see especially strong growth for MyDay, including from the very successful rollout of the MyDay multifocal, which is taking share on markets around the world. The feedback from patients remains fantastic. And optometrists continue reporting that our breakthrough Binocular Progressive Fitting System is allowing them to fit the lens quickly and accurately. This success is driving a positive halo effect on MyDay, spheres and torques, and we remain very optimistic about the future of this brand. clariti also posted a solid quarter with particular strength noted in Asia-Pac. And our silicone hydrogel FRP lenses, Biofinity and Avaira reported another solid quarter of 8% growth. Regarding product launches, we remain very active. Im excited to announce well be seating the market with MyDay Energys over the next several months with a full launch scheduled for early calendar 2023. Weve had a lot of requests for the Energys technology in a daily lens and given the success weve had with Biofinity Energys, were really excited about this opportunity. MyDay Energys will use the same Digital Zone Optics technology as Biofinity Energys, providing where this greater comfort when using digital devices along with enhanced and day [ph] comfort. This daily lens is a perfect product for todays digital world and another great example of CooperVision leading with innovation and manufacturing knowhow. And building on this, well also be launching an expanded MyDay toric parameter range in early fiscal 2023. MyDay already offers the most prescription options in the daily toric market and this expansion will essentially match the leading offerings in the FRP toric segment, which will be a first for the contact lens industry. All this activity supports a fantastic MyDay brand and exemplifies CooperVisions focus on offering practitioners a wide variety of market-leading technologically superior products. Meanwhile, were expanding availability of clariti around the world, which will further strengthen relationships with customers using store brands. And Im also happy to report that weve recently increased production of Biofinity including made to order extended range torics and Biofinity toric multifocals. Demand continues to exceed supply on these products, which is cause supply disruptions, so adding capacity is great news. Overall, these products and technologies improve how eye care professionals deliver clinical care and its allowing us to lead in defining standard of care, a core component of our ongoing share gains. Moving to myopia management, another exciting area where were a market leader. We posted revenues to $24 million, up 42%, including MySight up 109%. Our growth trajectory remains strong with the main challenge being in China, where all contact lens sales, including MiSight and ortho-k products have experienced difficulties due to ongoing COVID restrictions. Outside of China, MiSight is performing really well backed by its extensive seven-year clinical data and FDA approval and were seeing strength with key accounts and private practitioners around the world. Were also seeing a positive halo effect with customers selling MiSight accelerating their use of other CooperVision lenses. For SightGlass myopia management glasses, our JV relationship with EssilorLuxottica is going well and the team continues to make progress. In the U.S., were finalizing the submission of the three-year clinical data and expect submitted to the FDA in September. As a reminder, the only FDA approved myopia management product on the market in the U.S. is MiSight so obtaining approval for glasses has the potential to really propel the myopia management field forward. To finish on CooperVision, the contact lens market continues to perform exceptionally well with estimated growth of 8% in calendar Q2. Although COVID-related challenges remain including here in the U.S. where, back-to-school eye exam demand is exceeding exam capacity. The many long-term growth drivers of the industry remain intact. This starts with a large macro growth trend that roughly one-third of the world is myopic today and that is expected to increase to 50% by 2050. This has driven by heightened screen time among other factors. Additionally, the shift to silicone hydrogel dailies remain strong. The penetration of higher value products such as torics and multifocals is growing, the number of wearers is growing, and were seeing price increases. We expect global growth to remain healthy and believe will remain a leader with our robust product portfolio, ongoing product launches, fast growing myopia management business and leading new fit data. And speaking of data, Im proud to say calendar Q2 U.S. stats showed CooperVision was the number one company for new wearers and the only manufacturer to grow share in all three daily categories, spheres, torics and multifocals. Moving to CooperSurgical. We posted a solid quarter led by fertility, which reported sales of $112 million up 13% organically. As I mentioned earlier, this was the seventh consecutive quarter of double-digit organic growth. So a big congratulations to that team. Success was seen throughout the product portfolio and around the world with particular strength noted in consumables with products like [indiscernible], pipettes, needles and catheters doing well. Consumables are core part of our fertility business and an excellent indicator of future growth. So we remain in great shape to continue delivering strong results. Regarding the broader fertility market, the fundamentals behind the industrys growth remain very healthy. There are many drivers, but women delaying childbirth is a primary factor as fertility challenges start increasing around the age of 30 with a more pronounced negative impact starting at 35. Its now estimated that roughly 15% of reproductive age couples worldwide have fertility challenges, and over 750,000 babies are born annually through fertility assisted measures, and these numbers are growing. Regarding CooperSurgicals positioning we estimate the portion of the market we compete in is roughly $2 billion in annual sales, and that itll grow in the 5% to 10% range for many years to come. In addition to increasing maternal age, other drivers include improving access to treatment, increasing patient awareness, growth in the number of fertility clinics, improved product offerings such as donor activity and cryopreservation services and technology improvements for both male and female infertility challenges. Given the momentum of the industry and the diversity of factors driving growth, fertility is certainly an exciting market to be in. Moving to office and surgical products which includes OB/GYN medical device, PARAGARD and stem cell storage. We posted sales of 165 million, up 36% but down 3% organically. OB/GYN medical device sales were negatively impacted by heightened back orders due to supply chain challenges. Weve seen good demand and positive signs in our supply chain to start this quarter, so we expect healthy growth in fiscal Q4. PARAGARD was down 7% as expected due to a difficult comp to last years price increase and related buy-in activity. But we expect nice growth in Q4 with an easier comp, improving patient flow and an increasing patient focus on the most efficacious forms of birth control including 99% effective IUDs such as PARAGARD. Lastly, our stem cell storage business that we enter would generate acquisition this past December grew 1%. This was in-line with expectations against a difficult comp from prior to our purchase of the business. To wrap up on CooperSurgical, fertility remains strong. The other parts of the business are making progress and the integration activity is going well. We expect a strong finish to this year and believe were in an excellent position to deliver long-term mid-single-digit growth. To conclude we operate in recession, resistant industries with strong macro grow trends, but were not immune to supply chain challenges and currency is having a material impact on our as reported results. Having said that our core business fundamentals are excellent. Were taking market share, were leveraging where we can, were taking price. Well remain extremely focused on the challenges facing us, and well be proactive and well proactively manage operations while maintaining a focus on delivering long-term shareholder value. And with that, Ill turn the call over to Brian to discuss financial results and guidance.
Brian Andrews: Thank you, Al, and good afternoon everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to our earnings release for our reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. Third quarter consolidated revenues were $843 million, up 10% or up 9% organically. Consolidated gross margin was 66.1%, down 220 basis points from last year driven primarily by currency. Operating expenses grew 13% and were 42.7% of revenues primarily as a result of the acquisition of generation generate life sciences. Consolidated operating margin was 23.4%. Within these results currency is having a significant impact  negative impact along with supply chain and inflationary pressures. We raise prices to offset some of this and have additional pricing increases coming and well continue to work diligently controlling costs. Moving below the line, interest expense significantly increased year-over-year to $17 million with higher rates and debt balances driving the large year-over-year increase. The effective tax rate was 10.2% and non-GAAP EPS was $3.19 with roughly 49.6 million average shares outstanding. Year-over-year FX negatively impacted earnings by $0.67 in the quarter, which was $0.10 worse than we forecasted at the time of our last earnings call. As with last quarter, a large part of the $0.10 was attributable to the re-measurement of foreign currency based intercompany trade receivables, which are recognized in other income and expense. In order to reduce this variability moving forward, weve made moves, including closing out certain nonfunctional exposures and improving our natural and synthetic hedge positions. Moving forward, we believe these efforts will do a better job mitigating the impact of FX gains or losses that occur below the operating income line. Returning to the quarter, free cash flow was extremely strong at $217 million. And we decreased net debt by $218 million to $2.64 billion. This reduced leverage to 2.44 times, which lowered the borrowing rate on our long-term credit facility pricing grids by 25 basis points. As a reminder $1 billion of our debt is fixed to 2025 with a remaining amount floating. Moving to guidance. We are increasing the full year organic revenue growth ranges for CooperVision and CooperSurgical to include our strong Q3 results and the strength were seeing as we enter fiscal Q4. For EPS, were updating guidance to reflect the negative impact of currency and interest rates, offset slightly by better operational performance. Specific to fiscal Q4, the consolidated revenue guidance range is $830 million to $850 million up 9% to 11% organically. With CooperVision revenues of $554 million to $565 million up 8% to 10% organically. And CooperSurgical revenues of $276 million to $285 million up 10% to 15% organically. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $3.05 to $3.20 based on a roughly $13.5 effective tax rate and roughly $22 million of interest expense, which includes an assumption for a 75 basis point increase in September. Regarding currency, were now forecasting the year-over-year, negative impact in Q4 to be roughly an 8% headwind to revenues and a 20% headwind to EPS. For fiscal 2023, we wont be providing detailed guidance, but let me provide some high level direction. Assuming currency rates remain similar to where they are today. Interest expense increases to around $85 million due to multiple rate hikes. Our effective tax rate increases to roughly 15% and the macroeconomic environment remains challenging. We expect a report low single digit year-over-year non-GAAP EPS growth. These expectations do not include the pending acquisition of Cooks Medical Reproductive Health Business. Lastly, as it relates to our pending acquisition of Cook, that transaction is still pending regulatory approval. We are currently exploring different options to close the transaction, including the potential sale of certain Cook assets in the U.S. and abroad, given the process and necessary approvals. The timeline is tough to estimate, but were hoping to close the transaction by June 30, 2023. And with that, Ill hand it back to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Jason Bednar: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. Congrats on the stronger organic growth here in the period. Maybe picking up on the real-time commentary you provided their Al, you mentioned strong growth for the business continuing into August. Just wanted to check, are you suggesting CVI and fertility both continue to grow at a double-digit pace? And then you also suggested contact lens demand is exceeding capacity with respect to office visits. Its a fortunate problem, but do you have a sense, is this a function of staffing shortages or, is demand around back-to-school simply really strong and above whats normal for the season?
Al White: Yes, on that second one. The back-to-school demand is strong. Weve definitely see an increase on that and theres some commentary of other people. I think national vision talked about it on their call. It comes down to staffing shortages and really strong demand. So thats putting pressure on the optometry community, whether its retailers or independent optometrists to meet all that demand. So thats a challenge right now. Now its, a good challenge, right. But its still a challenge that the industry needs to work through over the coming months. With respect to August, I wont give numbers on August, but yes, CooperVision and CooperSurgical, including fertility are both having good August.
Jason Bednar: All right. Thats helpful. And I hear the commentary on MiSight in China just probably got up to a little bit slower start with the lockdowns there, but now that youre into July and August things around med tech seem to have started to recover in China. I mean, can you talk about uptake of the lens in that market compared to other regions where MiSights been available? Are you seeing the sales and education process, relatively shorter in that market? Just would love any color there. Thank you.
Al White: Yes. So we have seen an uptake if you will, in MiSight in the month of August certainly, and including in China where weve seen things loosen a little bit there. So positive news on that the uptake of that product and success of that product is moving faster than weve seen in most other markets around the world. So certainly positive signs that are in fingers crossed were now on a better path. Right. Because is thats really the thing that, that impacted our numbers. Its really been China thats, I dont know, 99% or a 100% of whats impacted those numbers.
Jason Bednar: Got it. Thank you.
Al White: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Larry Biegelsen: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Hey Brian, thanks so much for the color on fiscal 2023. Maybe, if I could ask about maybe some of the other assumptions embedded in the low single digit year-every-year non-GAAP EPS growth, underlying organic sales growth. Do you think, should we think about that in line with historical 6% to 8% growth, organic growth for Cooper, or do you think you, can do better and currency Brian, I think I heard you talk about interest expense, but currency right now, we think its about 3% headwind to sales $0.80 to EPS, any color on those too. And I had one follow up.
Brian Andrews: Hi, Larry. Thanks for the questions. Obviously youve followed us for a very long time, our story really well, long-term weve got right now, weve got all the macroeconomic environment that makes it really challenging to provide specific guidance into the P&L this far in advance. Weve decided to give a few elements today just to calibrate some people on, on a few important pieces. Again, I think we want to reiterate that the core fundamentals of our business remain strong, were raising prices, were growing share, and were diligently controlling costs and to leverage where we can. Obviously long-term, we want to drive mid to single high, mid-to-high single digit revenue growth and leverage the P&L to grow EPS to low double digits. But right now its just too hard to say, and were just not going to, were not going to go there, this early in a year to talk about next year. So appreciate the questions, Larry, but well update that in December.
Larry Biegelsen: Understood and Al on SightGlass and first of all, I didnt hear you reiterate the $90 million to $100 million for myopia management this year, but it looks achievable based on the $24 million you did in Q3 here. Just want to confirm that. And for SightGlass approval in the U.S., whats your confidence here by calendar year end 2022. Did you hit, FDAs goals for Axial Length and myopia progression? Thank you.
Al White: Yes, I think on myopia management globally will probably end up in that $90 million to $95 million range. And the only reason were not exceed well, two reasons, I mean but the primary reason were not at a 100 or, or a little over a 100 ends up being currency. The other one would be obviously China moving a little bit slower, so I wouldnt take it completely off the table, but Id probably say $90, $95 is probably a better number that well settle in on, on SightGlass I wont get into too many specific details on it, but I will say that, were submitting that data and looking forward to talking to the FDA on that and believe we have a certainly a reasonable, good chance to get approval by a calendar youre in.
Larry Biegelsen: Thank you.
Al White: Yep.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Chris Cooley. [Indiscernible] your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. Can you hear me okay?
Al White: Yep. Hey Chris.
Unidentified Analyst: Im sorry. She broke up there a little bit. Congrats on the strong organic growth. Just maybe two quick ones for me first, when we just think about the new product cadence the expansion of the, MyDay portfolio. Could you give us a little bit more color about when that will start to roll out just to make sure, I have that understanding correctly. And then on the surgical side, may be wrong here, but I mean, off of the fiscal 2Q, I thought we were going to expect a little bit stronger organic growth on the office side with the equipment, it looks like thats still a little bit more in supply chain constraint. Could you give us some color about what gives you confidence that that improves as you go into the fiscal year end? Thank you.
Al White: Sure. Good questions, Chris. And you can see, the guidance we gave for CooperSurgical that were kind of in that 10% to 15% organic growth range for CooperSurgical in fiscal Q4. So expecting a really strong quarter. We did have some stuff in Q3 because of supply chains move itself into fiscal Q4. As I mentioned, we started off with a good quarter within both businesses, but within CooperSurgical to support that kind of guidance range. So any, anything that maybe you were thinking, Hey, its going to be a touch stronger in Q3. Youre going to end up, I think seeing in Q4, because I would imagine those kind of guidance expectations are a little bit above yours or most peoples expectations for Q4. If we look at CooperVision yes, the organic growth is really strong there. The business is doing really well, that team is putting up some impressive results and thats continuing. I think people underestimate the power of our portfolio, the breadth of our portfolio, the strength of our sales and marketing teams and the amount of new products that were launching, right. And whether thats a parameter expansion or a new product itself, were very active and weve been very successful in a lot of segments and thats going to continue. As I mentioned as we roll into this next fiscal year, well be expanding the parameter range of MyDay again, its already market leading today. Its going to be even better up where kind of Biofinity is. So MyDay is kind of turning into a Biofinity daily if you will kind of success story, which is just awesome, amazing.  And when you think about Energys, I mean, Im really excited about that. We launched Biofinity Energys, it did really well for itself. The demand around the Energys technology on a daily sci-hi [ph] has been really strong. Weve had to ramp up production considerably within MyDay to be able to do that. The manufacturing team has done a killer job to get us where were at today. So we have that product. We are going to start seeding the market here in the next couple of months and look forward to getting that launched in early next year. And all that activity along with the other stuff I mentioned, Biofinity and the things like Biofinity Toric Multifocal, and extended ranges, and so forth are all going to continue to support what I believe is going to be stronger than people probably expecting organic revenue growth.
Unidentified Analyst : Thank you. Appreciate this question.
Al White: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Please stand by for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Jon Block with Stifel. Your line is open.
Jon Block: Great guys. Thanks. Good afternoon. Brian, maybe Ill start with you and just the EPS. Fiscal 2022 EPS may be something down by roughly $0.40. Im not sure if I missed it, but can you bridge the different components clearly FX hit you, the interest rate coming above what you guys laid out last quarter. So maybe just walk us through the headwinds from FX and interest rate. You mentioned a little bit on supply chain as well. And then maybe what the offset was from better than expected  sorry  theres a lot of noise, better than expected operational growth as the organic came up by roughly a 100 bips.
Brian Andrews : Yes, sure. Hi Jon. So prior guidance midpoint was a 3.19. I gave the FX un-favorability versus last guidance in my prepared remarks of $0.10. The Q4 FX un-favorability is a 20% headwind to Q4. Interest expenses went up because of the Fed increases.
Al White: Jon, were you asking about Q4? I thought you were asking about 2023.
Jon Block: No, Im sorry. Im asking just to be clear on fiscal 2022, like where  let me just sort of make up some numbers, I mean, relative to when you last guided on the second quarter conference call, what did FX and interest rates take you down? You are lower by $0.40, did you go down by $0.50 on FX and interest rates and then make back $0.10, Im just making that number up. Im just trying to the bridge to get towards.
Brian Andrews: So on the full year?
Jon Block: Correct.
Brian Andrews: Okay. Yes, so just starting with FX, I mean, we  I talked last quarter about the FX headwind to revenues for the full year being 5%, its now 6%. The headwind to EPS last quarter was 14%, its now 17%. As it relates to interest expense forecasted of 50, 50, 25, and it was 75, 75 and now were saying 75 again in September, thats about $0.05 right there. So, weve adjusted our guidance primarily tied to just FX and interest expense in some  a slight operational improvement, which gets you to that midpoint of 12.80.
Jon Block: Okay. I think Im there. And then Al maybe I have a longer one for you, but you brought up the CVI organic growth again. Talk to us on the drivers, is it new fits? It seems like its certainly some incremental price. What do we think about price in fiscal 2023? Does that have to step back down relative to 2022? And then one last one on MiSight, we just picked up, some chatter that you might have rolled out a rebate program very recently. Is that correct? And if so, was that just a year one rebate or a new wear, or is that something arguably year two, year three? Please guys.
Al White: Yes, on MiSight John, I think, what you are probably referring to is back to school promotional activity. So, I mean the back to school demand has been very strong and weve seen that demand on the optometry community. As part of that we were running or are running promotional activity for MiSight. So Im pretty confident thats what you are probably seeing out there. If we look at price, yes, we took price earlier this year and then we took price again, this summer. Were looking at additional price increases right now and into next year. So I think if everything holds as it is with the economy, and inflationary pressures and so forth, you will see incremental price increases from us. 2023 should still be a good growth year for us. We still have a lot of the underlying factors that are driving growth of the entire marketplace and our growth continuing. Now were gaining wearers. So when you look at the fit data, as I mentioned, were just doing really well. Were number one on fit data. So when it comes to winning the new wearers coming in and winning the new fits, were doing really well in that space. And I think that as we continue to roll products out, launch some of these new products and improve availability of products, well continue to do well from a new fit perspective. And when you combine that with some price, I think, you end up with another pretty good year next year, frankly, for the entire marketplace and us included.
Jon Block: Helpful. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Please stand by for our next question. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch with Citi. Your line is open.
Joanne Wuensch: Good evening. And thank you for taking the questions. Im curious about a couple of things. Youre talking about a price increase earlier this year, and second one, a third one thats being happening now and then a fourth one. Can you quantify how much the price increases are? And then are those sort of like-for-like products or are they reflective of new product launches such as the Energys Biofinity family, thats going out the door?
Al White: Yes, I wont quantify Joanne, but there is different price increases happening on different products at different points around the world. Not only that you are actually seeing some stuff in terms of like freight surcharges and so forth, Ill set some of those increases. I mean, the one I think, most recently that we took a few months ago was Biofinity. But we had other increases to start the year. You are right that MyDay Energys is certainly being launched or will be launched at a price premium, which will be another increase as you will. And then well look at other opportunities as we move through the end of this year and certainly into next year.
Joanne Wuensch: And my second question is Im curious about your source for the new fit share. And is that a new number one spot or is that a continued number one spot?
Al White: That is a continued number one spot.
Joanne Wuensch: On the source?
Al White: A variety of areas that would really depend on what product you are talking about. I mean, some of them are more dramatic than others as an example MyDay multifocal is doing really well and is picking up from a number of other multifocal companies. And then its also picking up new multifocals wearers who are coming into the market. New wearers and Im talking about new wearers, the new 15-year-old, 16-year-old who enters the marketplace. Were doing really well there with MyDay and clariti. We dont have the same opportunity of trade up as you know, as some of our competitors do in terms of them shifting from like an old traditional, if you will hydrogel daily lens to a new silicone, and getting the trade up benefit of that, we dont have as much of that. So, when you look at our growth, it ends up coming from those new wearers and its really a variety of different areas in different spots around the world.
Joanne Wuensch: Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Matt Mishan with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Matt Mishan: Hey, good afternoon. Thank you for taking the questions. Al, I know you guys have done some amazing things around the kind of resiliency and power supply down in Puerto Rico. Have you incorporated some assumptions for increased power costs in the UK, and Hungary into the forward outlook? And so how should we think about the manufacturing in those regions? And some of the difficulty that may be this winter?
Al White: Yes, Matt, we have incorporated that, that was built into Brians commentary when he was talking about next years numbers and kind of ongoing challenges with respect to the macro economy if you will.
Matt Mishan: Okay, excellent. And then I know some of your competitors have had some supply chain issues. Yes. How much of a benefit do you think you youre getting from some of those from the  some of those peers? And how sticky do you think those are?
Al White: I would say very little benefit. In the contact lens industry so much of it still goes around to the prescription itself, right? You go get a script and you buy. So if someones having supply chain issues, their wear base generally extends their lenses or they wear their glasses or whatever, in order to get those products, you have to have supply chain challenges of a decent magnitude that lasts a while before you really start seeing changing fitting behavior. So, I dont think very much right now. I would change that answer if those kind of supply chain difficulties stay at high levels and go an extended period of time. But I dont know, but as of now, I would say very little. 
Matt Mishan: Right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Baird. Your line is open.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you, good afternoon, guys. Hey, Al, I know you said you didnt want to quantify the price increases, sorry.
Al White: Yes.
Jeff Johnson: See if this is better Al, I dont know, sounds like Im having the same problem, Jon Block was having. Can you hear me okay?
Al White: Yes, I can. We can hear you fine. Yes.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. So, I know you wont quantify the price increases, but our checks would say maybe 1%, 1.5% earlier this year, another 1%, 1.5% in August, but its hard to know with your contracting in that. I mean, are those about the ranges we should be thinking about maybe two points, two and a half points total net so far this year on the CVI side?
Al White: Yes, I think thats probably fair. And we had talked about this, I think in last quarter and the quarter before, right, some of those price increases for us move in a little bit slower than others. Some of the guys have a lot on list price, right? So when they raise their list price, theyll get a benefit from those price increases relatively quickly. We have a lot under contract, especially with respect to anything that were doing about store brands and that kind of stuff. So some of those price increases for us have a tendency to roll in over a longer period of time as those contracts need to re-up. But I think the, the magnitude of what youre talking about right now is, is somewhat in the ballpark to slash lower.
Jeff Johnson: Okay. Okay. Thank you. And then maybe two follow ups on that. One, can you just remind me the surcharges in that, transport costs, and some distribution costs, and thats starting to come down a little bit, do those fall into revenue or are those an expense line item? And would you expect to keep those surcharges in place much longer or just how to think about that one and two, you mentioned MiSight and back-to-school activity there on the promotion side, when where you finding that our survey work maybe a little bit of lower sell in price to deducts as well on MiSight. Have you changed kind of your sell-in price, not just your sell-out?
Al White: No. So, we havent changed our pricing in terms of our sell-in, weve held pricing. We are trying to do some other stuff, right. When you think about the most successful referral source, if you will or person for us to market the product is anyone whos used MiSight. The success rate has been really, really positive. So those parents who are positive on the product are telling other people, right? So, were trying to offer some promotional campaigns, for instance, for them, Hey, your kids now in their second year or their third year wearing MiSight, well give you a discount for everybody who you refer in who comes to MiSight, that type of thing promotional activity for a brand new wearer coming into MiSight around back-to-school. So there is some activity that were doing Jeff to be fair in terms of that pricing. Theres been a few highlights about the pricing, be a little high. So if you will, we havent taken the list price down, but are running promotional activity, especially with the heavy back-to-school season here. On the other side of things on the freight  theres still freights still a tough one, I got to tell you. Yes, I would say things are getting a little bit better, but everyone still has their challenges there. I think that my gut tells me that those changes are just permanent price increases, if you will. And I think they all go through revenues, dont they?
Brian Andrews: Yes. Freight revenue. I mean, the only thing I would add to that is, as we are having difficulty meeting demand, it does force us to fly more than wed like to, and were not able to take advantage of the ocean freight. So, I mean, youre seeing freight charges go up all across the board. Were doing whatever we can to try to manage that by raising, surcharges and so forth, but theres still inefficiency in a way that were having to shift to our customers and youre seeing that as a detriment to both inter company, but also freight out in distribution.
Jeff Johnson: Yes, that makes sense. All right. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is actually Lilly on for Robbie. Thanks for taking the question. So operating margin came in lower than what we were thinking and pretty significantly lower than a year ago today. So is there any way to quantify how much of that is FX headwind versus operational challenges?
Al White: Hi, Lilly. Yes, this Al, Ill take that one. I think operating margins for us came in more or less where we expected FX is just brutally killing our P&L, and youre seeing that  youre seeing that in the third quarter. PARAGARD was down versus last years third quarter. Thats a high gross margin product. So that impacted margins and the flow through. We also had inefficiencies within CooperVision, which we knew about going into the third quarter tied to shutting down lines in fiscal Q1 that we always do to refurbish, and what we usually do. And so some of the activity we knew and we knew about and but its really a story about FX.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thats helpful. And just as a follow-up; where are new fits relative to normal levels? And are there any geographies that stand out is lagging or being above pre-pandemic levels right now? Thanks so much.
Al White: Yes. Its really interesting going through that data because even the U.S. data we just got shows that new fits are not back to pre-COVID levels. And theres different data at different spots kind of around the world being as much as 5%, 10% below pre-COVID levels. So if you look at the strength of the revenue numbers and where the industry is today, then you go, man, we still have 5% or 10% of fits that get back into the market, just to get to pre-COVID levels knowing that wearers are also increasing, right? You get  you can get kind of excited about the potential opportunities there over the coming years. I happen to believe that a lot of those wearers are getting fit in different ways and maybe not getting fully captured in that data, like through things like Telehealth and so forth, so that people are able to get prescriptions renewed or able to buy their lenses in different ways. But to be fair, the data is showing that were not back to the pre-COVID levels in terms of fits.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you.
Al White: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Steve Lichtman with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Steve Lichtman: Thank you. Hi, Al and Brian. Al just wanted to get your confidence on PARAGARD improvements from here beyond the easier comps. What are you seeing on the ground there for PARAGARD and what do you see as potential drivers for improvement ahead?
Al White: Yes. On PARAGARD we had a tough quarter. We said this quarter because of the comp. Well have a good Q4 where we started off well here in August. Matter of fact we finished strong at the end of July with PARAGARD. So with Roe v. Wade and whats happened, women are out there and theyre a little bit more concerned about things for obvious reasons. We are seeing that women are looking at okay, well, whats the most efficacious form of birth control? What direction should I go here? So you  we have seen an increase in interest in LARCs and youve seen that in some of the numbers here more recently. So well see if that trend holds, if it does, youll continue to see outperformance in IUD. So I would say that the kind of Roe v. Wade outcome if you will, I was saying that it was a neutral to a modest, positive to us. I would probably upgrade that to saying that thats turning out to be a modest positive to our business. Well see how PARAGARD goes, but I would envision a decent quarter in Q4 thats for sure.
Steve Lichtman: Okay. Got it. And Brian you and Al talked about ramping production, I think across a number of lines in CVI. What is your outlook for CapEx spend in this year and directionally are you anticipating next year to be up, down, flat versus this year at CapEx?
Brian Andrews: Yes. Hi, Steve. Good question. Yes. So CapEx picked up a little bit in the third quarter. Al in his prepared remarks talked about how we put some lines in place and were  were doing whatever we can as quickly as we can to ramp-up capacity. Its hugely difficult to increase capacity quickly and were having a tough time meeting demand. So I would expect, Im expecting a pretty high CapEx number in the fourth quarter. Still free cash flow being strong for the full year, but that trend kind of continuing where next year CapEx continues to go higher as we continue to put more capacity in place to try to meet demand.
Steve Lichtman: Got it. Thank you guys.
Operator: Thank you. Please stand by for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of David Saxon with Needham. Your line is open.
David Saxon: Yes. Hi good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe just a follow-up on PARAGARD. I think last quarter, you noted softness in the market, so  but it sounds like you have a fair bit of confidence in it returning to growth here in the fourth. So is that market dynamic kind of passed us at this point? And then just on pricing, I know you took price, I guess youre going to be laughing at soon, but any opportunity to take price again with PARAGARD?
Al White: Yes. So a couple things on PARAGARD. We did see office visits down  OB/GYN office visits down and that was due to PARAGARD, Im sorry, COVID related staffing challenges, right. Weve seen some of that same stuff obviously in optometry offices and Im sure everyone has seen that in other areas of the world. But we definitely saw a negative impact to patient traffic, especially with respect to things like general OB/GYN visits and contraception OB/GYN visits during the summer months. After the Roe v. Wade situation and a little bit of improvement in terms of capacity, you had a bunch more attention if you will focused on the matter. And weve seen that attention be a benefit to PARAGARD because PARAGARD is, I mean, its highly efficacious, 99% plus efficacious. So if you dont want to get pregnant, get an IUD and as people look at that become more aware of that, obviously PARAGARD is the only non-hormonal IUD in the marketplace. Weve seen an increase in terms of interest in the product and people inquiring about it, people searching for it. Our team, I think has really done a nice job trying to capitalize on that activity. So we saw that improvement starting in July. Weve seen it continue here through August and yes, I think youll see growth certainly in Q4. TBD on price increases, one of our competitors did a price increase or is doing one here will evaluate another one and take price if we can, if its appropriate.
David Saxon: Okay. Thats helpful. And then on myopia management at 90 sorry, 90 to 95 wherever it shakes out. Is that portfolio going to be profitable, and if not how should we think about when that starts to contribute to earnings? Thanks so much.
Al White: Yes. I would call that somewhere around the kind of breakeven this year. Lets go with  lets just say its breakeven, and then itll shift to being profitable next year. We build a lot of infrastructure there in terms of myopia management support people and so forth. Well start to leverage that infrastructure as we get into next year. So, yes, thats an operating margin drag certainly right now. It gets better next year and then hopefully as if it continues to grow at the pace its growing and what were seeing yes, well continue to improve that operating margin. Hopefully at some point in the future get that to be operating margin positive, especially with the gross margins in that business.
David Saxon: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Im not showing any further questions. I will now like to turn the call back over to Al White for closing remarks.
Al White: Great. Thank you. Thank you everyone. Again strengthen the business and the core fundamentals are driving what were  what whats making us optimistic. I mean, the one thing Brian touched on it is currency has been painful for us. Its been pretty brutal. Were working through it the best that we can and were taking the measures that we can take. But if we exclude currency and really look at the fundamentals of the business, whether its CooperVision or its CooperSurgical especially the fertility business things are strong and we believe theyre going to remain strong. Started Q4 off well, and were optimistic about finishing this quarter well, and having a good year next year. So appreciate everyones interest. Look forward to seeing people, hopefully some of you at the Wells Fargo Conference with Larry here, I think next week, and I look forward to speaking to everyone else during the quarter on the Q4 call. Thanks
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-06-02 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Cooper Companies Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Kim Duncan, Vice President of Investor Relations and Risk Management. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Kim Duncan : Good afternoon, and welcome to the Cooper Companies Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. During today's call, we will discuss the results and guidance included in the earnings release and then use the remaining time for questions. Our presenters on today's call are Al White, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Andrews, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market or regulatory conditions and acquisitions, integration of any acquisitions or their anticipated benefits. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption forward-looking statements in today's earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including Cooper's Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings, all of which are available on our website at coopercos.com. Should you have any additional questions following the call, please call our investor line at (925) 460-3663 or e-mail ir@cooperco.com. And now I'll turn the call over to Al for his opening remarks.
Albert White: Great. Thank you, Kim, and welcome, everyone, to our second quarter conference call. Let me start by highlighting that our businesses are performing extremely well. Both CooperVision and CooperSurgical posted strong revenue growth, gained share and are continuing to see strong momentum. We're successfully managing through a variety of challenges from supply chain to COVID restrictions in China and we're maintaining our market-leading growth rates. So I'm really pleased with how the year is progressing. For the full year, we're increasing our organic revenue guidance for both businesses by incorporating our Q2 outperformance and the strength we're continuing to see. Moving to the quarter. Consolidated revenues reached an all-time high of $830 million, with CooperVision at $554 million, up 12% organically and CooperSurgical at $276 million, up 40% as reported or up 6% organically. The quarter was led by strength in CooperVision's daily silicone hydrogel portfolio and our myopia management products and CooperSurgical's fertility business, which posted another double-digit growth quarter. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $3.24, and Brian will provide the details, but this quarter was negatively impacted by FX in our contact lens solutions business. Moving to CooperVision and reporting all percentages on an organic basis. Our revenue growth was strong and diversified as we grew nicely in all product categories, spheres, torics and multifocals within all 3 geographic regions. The Americas were up 8%, EMEA grew 17% and Asia Pac grew 11%. This resulted in nice share gains, which is impressive following our strong Q1 performance. And for those of you tracking calendar quarters, our calendar Q1 organic growth rate was 16% against the market we estimate grew 12%. So strong numbers, and we remain well positioned to continue gaining share as we launch new products, expand product ranges, provide market-leading flexibility through our customized offerings, execute on key account relationships and deliver fantastic customer service. Regarding products, our daily silicone hydrogel lenses posted very strong results, growing 28%. Daily silicones continue to lead the market, and we offer the broadest portfolio in the industry. Our premium 1-day offering, MyDay, is available on a broad range of spheres, torics and multifocals. And while all these categories are performing well, it's worth highlighting the multifocal. The launch of the MyDay multifocal is still limited geographically, but it's rapidly taking share in markets where it's available, and we'll continue rolling it out as we progress through the year. The feedback from optometrists on our breakthrough binocular progressive fitting system remains fantastic, and patients are continuing to say the lens is the best multifocal they've ever worn. This success is also driving a nice halo effect on our already successful MyDay spheres and torics, so we remain very optimistic about the future of this brand. The other brand in our daily silicone hydrogel portfolio is clariti, which is also available as a sphere, toric and multifocal and is typically sold into more of a mass market setting. This lens performed really well again this quarter, especially in our Asia Pac region, where we're continuing to roll out this year in Japan.  Our silicone FRPs, Biofinity and Avaira reported another solid quarter of 8% growth. And lastly, as an umbrella comment about all these offerings, I'm happy to report that we're seeing an uptick in the growth rate of our branded product sales. As many of you are aware, we take a lot of pride in our customized offerings, which includes customer brands, but our own high-quality CooperVision brands are also showing strong growth, especially MyDay. Moving to myopia management. We posted revenues of $23 million, up 61%, including MiSight up 144%. The specialty part of our business is extremely healthy, driven by growing traction in key accounts and continued strength with private practitioners. We have some challenges in China, where COVID restrictions are hurting our ortho-k sales and impacting our MiSight launch but the rest of the world is performing really well. MiSight, in particular, is excelling in all geographies as the ophthalmic community continues to embrace the growing myopia management segment of the market. And on another encouraging note, we're also seeing positive halo trends with our tracking data showing customers who are selling MiSight are accelerating their selling of our other lenses. Moving to SightGlass, myopia and management glasses. We closed our joint venture with EssilorLuxottica in March, and we're already seeing exciting progress, including additional availability of the product in additional markets such as China. Regarding an FDA approval, the 3-year clinical data for SightGlass is being compiled right now, and we look forward to receiving the data and sharing it with the FDA in the near future. So in summary, we're seeing strong momentum in all areas of myopia management, and we expect to continue posting strong results. Before moving to market data, let me touch on our contact lens solutions business. Recent supply challenges have hit this operation hard, and we've experienced a significant decline in sales. Given this, we completed a strategic review and confirmed this is a nonstrategic business in a declining industry that's going to require a lot of capital to upgrade the facility. So we decided to exit the business by fiscal year-end. From a financial perspective, we expect this business to report roughly $20 million in revenues this year, down from $44 million last year. We are excluding these results from our organic growth rates to ensure transparency and comparability, and Brian will provide additional color on the rest of the P&L in a few minutes. To wrap up on CooperVision, the contact lens market is performing exceptionally well, even in the face of continuing COVID challenges. Growth in daily silicones and an increasing prevalence of childhood myopia are offsetting the lower patient traffic tied to COVID. We expect global growth in the industry to remain strong as patient traffic continues to improve, and we look forward to what should be a strong back-to-school season this fall. Growth is also supported by the macro trends around vision correction, including that roughly 1/3 of the world is myopic today and that is expected to increase to 50% by 2050. For CooperVision, we have a robust product portfolio, ongoing product launches, a fast-growing myopia management business, and our fit data remains very strong. So we remain very bullish on our future. Moving to CooperSurgical. We posted another strong quarter led by double-digit growth in our fertility business. Our OB/GYN medical device portfolio also returned to growth, and our stem cell storage business posted a solid quarter. We did have some unexpected weakness in PARAGARD, but believe our performance track the broader IUD market, which hasn't rebounded as fast from COVID as other areas.  Walking through each of these, let me start with fertility. Fertility posted sales of $114 million, up 15%. Strength was seen throughout our product portfolio of consumables, capital equipment, genomics and donor ag activity. Particular strength was seen from our RI Witness products, which comprise our proprietary automated lab management system that clinics implement to maximize safety and security by optimizing their lab practices along with strength from our AI-based genetic testing, which doctors used to select the best embryo transfer. Moving to our office and surgical category. We posted sales of $162 million, down 1%. Our OB/GYN medical devices grew 3%, which was strong given this is the area where we were most impacted by global supply chain challenges. Particular strength in this business unit was seen within our labor and delivery portfolio and laparoscopic closure products. Moving to our stem cell storage business that we entered with the Generate acquisition, sales grew 5%. There is a ton of activity right now integrating this business into CooperSurgical, and it's going well. The teams are seeing early success on commercial synergies, and they have some exciting ideas to drive additional growth synergies. So I remain bullish on our future in this space. Lastly, on PARAGARD. Sales were down 6% for the quarter, and we're continuing to see softness in the market. This certainly doesn't appear to be product-specific as the entire IUD marketplace has remained under pressure with lower volumes driven by lower patient flow and what we believe is a temporary shift in buying behavior to birth control pills with telemedicine. We're closely monitoring the market and we remain cautiously optimistic we'll see a return to pre-COVID levels as we move towards the end of the year. To wrap up on CooperSurgical, let me highlight a few key takeaways. First, we're seeing success from our Generate acquisition, both on the fertility and stem cell storage parts of the business. There are a lot of commercial synergies that we're capitalizing on, and this acquisition is certainly looking like a success right now.  Second, our fertility business continues to perform extremely well. This is a solid growth industry with strong macro trends, and we continue forecasting long-term market growth of 5% to 10% with us in the upper part of that range.  Lastly, our team has completed 6 acquisitions since the beginning of last fiscal year, and they've maintained market-leading customer service and strong sales even while integrating these businesses and managing through significant supply chain and logistics challenges, so impressive performance. To conclude, we operate in recession-resistant industries with strong macro growth trends. Additionally, significant amounts of our sales are annuity in nature. So we need to be resilient in times like this, investing intelligently to capitalize on growth opportunities while ensuring we're advancing our infrastructure projects to support our growth. We'll remain sensitive to the challenges facing us and be proactive managing our businesses, maintaining a focus on delivering long-term shareholder value. This includes continuing to make progress on our ESG initiatives.  We just released our second ESG report, which highlights progress in several important areas, and you can find this report on our Investor Relations page. And lastly, I'd be remiss if I didn't thank our fantastic employees. It's their hard work and dedication that drives our success and makes Cooper such a special place to work. So a big thank you to all Cooper employees. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Andrews: Thank you, Al, and good afternoon, everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to our earnings release for a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. Second quarter consolidated revenues were $830 million, up 15% or up 10% organically. Consolidated gross margin was 66.7% down 140 basis points from last year, driven primarily by currency. Operating expenses grew 18% and were 42.2% of revenues, primarily as a result of the acquisition of Generate Life Sciences and higher R&D investments. Consolidated operating margin was 24.5%. Within this, we did see challenges from supply chain and inflationary pressures, but our teams did a nice job managing costs and price increases and continuing efficiency improvement initiatives, such as the consolidation of CooperSurgical's production into Costa Rica helped offset the impact. Interest expense was $10.8 million, and our effective tax rate was 13.7%. Non-GAAP EPS was $3.24, with roughly 49.7 million average shares outstanding. Year-over-year FX negatively impacted earnings by $0.53 in the quarter, which was $0.15 worse than we forecasted at the time of our last earnings call. One point to mention is that a large portion of the quarterly FX loss was from the remeasurement impact of yen and euro-based intercompany trade receivables. These remeasurements happen every quarter, and the net amount is usually relatively small. However, significant currency moves towards the end of the quarter resulted in a larger loss in other income and expense. The other unusual item from this quarter was the operating loss from our contact lens solutions business of roughly $0.05. To add some color to what Al mentioned earlier, this has not been a profitable business for us this year. We had a recall in Q1, which resulted in low sales and an operating loss. We expected the business to rebound in Q2, but continuing supply chain challenges prevented that. And Q2 sales were only $4.4 million with a roughly $2.7 million operating loss. From a non-GAAP perspective, we recognized and excluded many costs from the shutdown decision this quarter. But the business remains operational, so activity remains in our non-GAAP P&L and will remain so until we exit the business at fiscal year-end. Returning to the quarter. Free cash flow was $88 million. Net debt decreased $125 million to $2.86 billion and our adjusted leverage ratio reduced to 2.59x. Net debt decreased by more than free cash flow due to the positive impact from closing the SightGlass Vision joint venture. Moving to guidance. We're increasing our revenue growth ranges for CooperVision and CooperSurgical to include our Q2 results and the strength we're continuing to see in our markets, offset mostly by the impact of currency. For EPS, we're updating our guidance to reflect the negative impact of currency and interest rates but holding it unchanged outside of that.  Outside of that, there are a number of moving parts, but ultimately positives such as higher revenues, efficiency efforts, and a lower effective tax rate are offsetting supply chain inflationary pressures and the negative impact of the solutions shutdown. This all results in a consolidated revenue guidance range of $3.280 billion to $3.312 billion, up 9% to 10% organically with CooperVision revenues of $2.225 billion to $2.247 billion, up 10% to 11% organically and CooperSurgical revenues of $1.055 billion to $1.065 billion, up 6% to 7% organically. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $13.09 to $13.29. For interest expense, we're assuming a 50 basis point increase in both June and July and a 25 basis point rate increase in September. Regarding currency, the year-over-year impact from FX is now a roughly 5% headwind to revenues and a 14% headwind to EPS. Although we don't provide quarterly guidance with a number of moving parts, let me add that we expect Q3 earnings to be similar to Q2 driven by the significant negative impact of currency for the quarter. We also forecast a large increase in interest expense in Q3, but expect that to be offset by a lower tax rate. For Q4, we expect a rebound in EPS, led by a lower pound flowing through our cost of goods, helping CooperVision's gross margin. And note, this guidance does not include our pending acquisition of Cook Medical's reproductive health business. That transaction is still pending regulatory approval, and we'll update you once we're closer to completing that process. And with that, I will hand it back to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Matthew Mishan with KeyBanc.
Matthew Mishan: A lot of moving pieces here, but I'll start with like a bigger macro piece. Are you guys seeing any kind of change in consumer activity due to like the inflation that we've been seeing?
Albert White: I think, Matt, it's a little different depending upon where you are around the world, right? Because some markets are obviously back like the U.S. and then other markets are in situations where it's quite a bit more restrictive. But as of today, I would say, we have not seen a lot of consumer activity changes because of inflation. I wouldn't highlight that as something that we've really seen.
Matthew Mishan: Okay. And then I'm not sure if I missed it or not, but what is your expectation for myopia control this year as far as the $100 million goes? And how much of that $100 million was China, I guess, including New York, okay?
Albert White: Yes, I won't break out all the China details. The thing that's hurting us probably more than anything right now ends up being currency because that's impacting a lot of our sales around the world. I think we still have a chance to get to that $100 million even in the face of currency, even in the face of the China shutdowns that we've seen in Shanghai, that's negatively impacted the MiSight launch over there. It's negatively impacted our sales. But we have so much strength with MiSight, especially here in the U.S. and throughout Europe that I think we still have a chance to get to $100 million. Maybe it's because of currency, it's $95 million to $100 million when I roll in currency in China and everything else. But I'm not giving up right now on the possibility of getting to $100 million.
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo.
Larry Biegelsen: Just one on Cook Medical and one on the EPS guidance for Brian. So Al, just an update on Cook Medical deal and next steps, confidence that the deal will close in late calendar '22. And do you expect potential divestitures? And have the economics changed, the accretion change just from the old economics, just a different starting point? And I have one follow-up.
Albert White: Yes. I'd love to give you some more information on that, Larry. Unfortunately, I don't have much to give. We're in discussions right now with the FTC to try to sort things out and get that thing moving forward quickly and hopefully getting it sold. So there's not much to add outside of that right now. As soon as we know more, we start making progress to get resolution and try to get that closed, I'll certainly update everyone.
Larry Biegelsen: Fair enough. And then, Brian, could you bridge, there's a lot of moving parts, kind of the old EPS guidance to the new EPS guidance? I mean you gave the pieces, but can you give the numbers? How much worse is FX from an EPS standpoint, interest, the contact lens solution, just kind of the pieces you called out? Can you kind of give us some numbers on that and tax?
Brian Andrews: Yes. Sure, Larry. So the midpoint of our last guidance was $13.95. The FX detriment to Q2 was $0.15. The second half FX detriment is $0.41. And the interest expense degradation, if you will, from the Fed increasing rates 50-50 and 25% is $0.20. So your $13.95 gets brought down to $13.19, solely from FX and interest expense. And what we said was higher revenues, the efficiency efforts that we're undertaking and the lower tax rate helped to offset the supply chain and inflationary pressures as well as the lens care exit disruption that we're likely to see in the back half of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler.
Jason Bednar: Al or Brian, when I'm looking at the model and really trying to update for the, I guess, the implied margin outlook for the year, it looks like maybe we settle out around 25% for adjusted operating margins this year. Maybe I'm off a little bit. I'm just trying to go back to the envelope here quick. But that's obviously come down quite a bit for FX. I mean how much do you think you can get back purely from pound and foreign weakness that could flow through next year? And then are there any cost actions or spending decisions you can make on SG&A to recapture what's been lost here in fiscal '22?
Brian Andrews: Yes. I mean the pound, as everybody knows, the pound is a 6-month lag. So we're going to get some benefit from the pound in the fourth quarter. So as the pound weakens, that certainly has a nice impact to cost of goods. We'll have to see what happens on revenues. Obviously, the impact to revenues this year has been so significant. So any move in the right direction significantly helps. Now when you look at your operating margin of around 25%, yes, I would say that's in the ballpark, that certainly fits within the guidance that we've suggested. That's really just being driven down primarily by currency. We're certainly going to get some OpEx leverage from more of the integration efforts that we're undertaking. We've been accelerating our integration efforts. Al mentioned the 6 deals we did since the beginning of last fiscal year. We've moved faster to integrate Generate. As an example, fertility is integrating faster. But in general, we're integrating those more quickly. Generate's going to get some more OpEx leverage next year and then just the continued moves that we're making around Costa Rica. You'll get the full benefit next year. We put a power plant in place in Puerto Rico. That will help gross margin next year. So I'd say overall, gross margin should be up on a constant currency basis within both divisions at least a little bit next year and operating margins, we should get some leverage out of OpEx next year on a constant currency basis.
Jason Bednar: Okay. All right. That's helpful. That's very helpful. And then maybe just as a quick follow-up, Brian. I know many of us haven't experienced interest rate movements like what we've seen and are expecting to see here this year. Your variable rate debt has been great for multiple years. But I guess just the question here is, is there a philosophical change on converting that floating rate debt that you have to fixed and avoid some of the sensitivity that the variable rate debt creates just if this -- if the pace of rate increases accelerates even further?
Brian Andrews: For now, the decision is to really stay the course. I mean we've been -- just like currency interest rates are going to move and bounce around. We're -- I'd say, our first priority with respect to capital allocation is to pay down debt. So we're going to generate a decent amount of free cash flow in the back half of this year. That will go towards paying down debt and investing back in the business like into CapEx. But we're still going to be able to take out a decent chunk of debt in the back half, and that will continue next year. So we'll have to see how things play out. We're -- but for now, we're going to stay the course. And as everybody knows, we have $1 billion hedged at fixed for another several years. So as we take down that debt, it will help offset some of the interest rate moves.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Cooley with Stephens.
Chris Cooley: Just 2 for me, if I may. First, just near term, when we think about just the margin structure there. You had an acceleration in daily silicon hydrogel sequentially just in terms of the growth rate. So as we think about the mix kind of going into the back half of the year, ex currency, can we start to think about a little bit better margin profile overall with growth in myopia management as well as some of these premium offerings just within the broader CDI portfolio? And then just for my follow-up. Just a little bit curious that maybe I didn't catch this in the prepared remarks, but you mentioned an improvement in the outlook for PARAGARD at the -- as we're exiting the fiscal year. But wasn't sure if you now expected to see actual growth year-over-year in the franchise. And so just trying to think about how to square that as we trend through the back half of the year.
Albert White: Sure, Chris. I'll take the PARAGARD. I'll let Brian comment on the margins for Vision in Q3, Q4. For PARAGARD, we're going to see a pretty sizable year-over-year decline in Q3. You may remember, we took a price increase last year in Q4. So we had some buy-in associated with that. So what you're going to end up seeing in Q3 and Q4 will be on a year-over-year comparison basis, a decent decline in Q3 and then strong growth in Q4. So I mean that's just how the numbers are going to play out. What we're seeing some right now is a lack of traffic -- patient traffic basically is herd in IUDs. And we think that, that's going to start to improve a little bit here because one of the things we've seen historically, and we believe we're seeing now is you'll see when this is happening, some of the channel inventory gets burned down, that's out in the field. And then that, at some point, levels off, and at some point, even increases back up. So we think from a channel inventory perspective and we think from improvement in just patient traffic in OB/GYN offices, we'll start to see a general increase here as we get into Q4. But yes, expecting a challenging quarter, if you will, in Q3, certainly from a comp perspective and even patient traffic and then starting to improve some in Q4.
Brian Andrews: So on the gross margin question, I would say that currency is just having a bigger impact on margins in the back half of the year than really anything else. I mean certainly, there are puts and takes when you look through FX. Myopia management is a positive to gross margins, but we're seeing a really rapid acceleration back into daily SiHy. And so that puts a little bit of pressure on our gross margins. So that would be kind of one of the offsets. I'd say in Q3, we always have a little bit of negative manufacturing variances that hit us in Q3 from shutting down our lines in the first fiscal quarter of the year. So that's going to be a little bit of a headwind. And then you get some benefit, like I said, in cost of goods within -- from FX in the fourth quarter, and the business is going to be performing really well in the fourth quarter with less of -- well, with strength in both businesses. So I would say nothing really tied to myopia management, but the puts and takes are kind of those couple of elements.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Block with Stifel.
Jon Block: Maybe just first on CVI, a solid increase in the CVI organic growth for fiscal '22. I guess sort of a couple of questions in here. It seems like 100 bps of that roughly is exiting the solutions business, if I have that right, Al or Brian, maybe you can comment there. And then, Al, if you can just talk to how price is trending in the market for fiscal '22 and how that compares to prior years?
Albert White: Sure. Yes, you're right on the solutions side of thing. That's about 1 point, right, going 44 to 20. So when you remove that, you pick up a point. And then outside of that, you have several different positives. I think price is a positive. We took some price at the beginning of this year. Frankly, we don't have it in guidance, but we'll probably take some additional prices, my guess as we move through this year to offset some of the inflationary pressures. And then you have Brian alluded to it their growth in daily SiHys. I mean we're just really strong in that market. We have the best portfolio in the daily silicone hydrogel marketplace. So you're getting good growth there. And to be fair, when we did our last earnings call in early March, it was 1 week after Russia invaded Ukraine. So we probably had a little conservatism in the back half of the year in our Q3, Q4 organic growth rates for CooperVision. We've worked through that. We're continuing to see nice trends in all 3 geographies and with all of our markets. So taking up guidance even as much as we did seem to make a lot of sense.
Jon Block: Got it. That's helpful color that. And then I'll actually shift gears and move over to CSI and more specific fertility. Now I just love your thoughts. Really solid fertility numbers, but your thoughts on the consumer, call it, for this segment. So expensive treatment on one end, but then on the other end, call it sort of a finite window for that individual in their childbearing days. So if inflation just continues to spiral out of control, we get a weakening consumer over the next 12 to 18 months. Just your thoughts on fertility and what it means for that particular business.
AlbertWhite: Yes. So as of now, we haven't seen anything. And I think you're spot on when you talk about a limited window. So when a woman decides she wants to have a baby, time is her enemy. You need to go in and go through the IVF process as soon as you can, trying to have a baby. So a lot of times, the cost ends up being secondary. This is one of those areas where cost is secondary to the actual process itself. So the other thing you have is you've just got an industry. Fertility as an industry is a pretty high-growth marketplace. So when we look at the number of new clinics that are coming on, when we look at upgrades within existing clinics for capital expenditures and so forth that are going on. When you look at all that activity on top of the fact that going through fertility treatments is becoming more common, if you will, more accepted and so forth. You're seeing just really strong underlying growth of the industry. As you know, we do well in that space, so we participate in that growth. So I think even if you get a situation here where the economy moves closer to a recession or even into a recession, that will be a very recession-resistant industry. We've seen that in the past. I don't see any reason that would change right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch with Citibank.
Joanne Wuensch: Ask the same question for contact lenses, as you just answered for women's health. Historically, that's been also very recession-resistant. Do you feel the same way about that in the current environment?
Albert White: Yes, Joanne, I do. Like I've been doing this a long time, so we've been through several recessions, and we've seen contact lens growth come back a little bit in some of the recessions. But frankly, even when it comes back as a market, it's still kind of a low single-digit grower. I think even in some of the worst parts of prior recessions, we were still kind of a mid-single-digit grower. So with the underlying fundamentals there, I'd say, similar to fertility in that more people are becoming myopic, right? 1/3 of the world is myopic today. It's going to be 50% in 2050. And the underlying growth factors for vision correction are just powerful. They're just there. It's just happening. So regardless of what happens with respect to the economy, people are going to need visual correction. Now there could certainly be a little bit of a difference in terms of what people are buying, right? Is everyone going to buy some of the highest-priced daily silicones hitting the market? Or do they buy some more Biofinity or do they buy some clarity or something else. There could be a little shift in buyer behavior, but underlying growth is going to remain there, even in any recessionary type of environment. Contact lenses are just -- they're a great industry to be in from that perspective.
Joanne Wuensch: And a follow-up question. Historically, at one stage, you had a foreign exchange hedging program. I don't believe you have that currently. Are there thoughts to put that back into place?
Brian Andrews: Joanne, yes, I instituted that program in, I don't know, 2006, and I think we ceased it around 2011 or '12, but it's been several years now. We just made that decision a long time ago not to hedge because not only it's costly and it requires resources and it's time consuming. But unless you're going to manage your business differently, all you're doing is delaying the inevitable. You're -- if you're hedging something, you know what to expect some period of time ahead of time. So unless we're going to change the way that we're going to operate our business from doing hedging, it ends up just being not worth -- it ends up being not worth the time or the effort or the cost to do it. So now that the yen is where it is and everything is kind of in a bad place, it'd probably be a horrible time to start hedging. Of course, it still could go -- continue to go in the wrong direction. But I'm a bit of an optimist. Hopefully, we get a little bit of relief here over the next couple of quarters. But no, there's no -- there's not going to be any change to our hedging strategy.
Albert White: Yes, I'd add on that one, quick add, which I don't know if everyone saw it or not. But as we were working through this and talking about the script and reconciling things and so forth and the FX loss that was in our other income and expense. It was interesting today that Microsoft just came out and made a statement about that and talked about the impact from the exact same thing we saw in the month of April. So I don't know if other people will see it, but Microsoft announced it today, and we had the same thing happen. So it won't surprise me if you see it from some other people.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Johnson with Baird.
Jeff Johnson: I always want to make sure I understand this. But when you talk about 12% market growth for you guys or for the market in Q1, calendar Q1, and you go to 16%. That 12%, I'm assuming this time you're getting to that by just kind of looking at the 4 companies growth rates. Is that right? It's not like a CLI data end market kind of number that's looking at kind of the 4 companies?
Albert White: Yes, true growth of the market, if you will, right? Because CLI has -- it's gross data rather than net data. So it doesn't take into consideration discounts and GFK doesn't capture the whole market, all that kind of stuff. So yes, I have a tendency to just look at what company is actually reporting.
Jeff Johnson: Yes, I would agree. And I think when Alcon was talking in their quarter about like mid-single-digit market growth, they were in CLI and GFK and that was looking more sell out and you're looking at more kind of, if you will, sell in for you guys to the distributors or to the end market?
Albert White: That's correct. Yes.
Jeff Johnson: Yes. Okay. And then on that point, you're 16% and even your daily SiHy number, probably a little stronger than we were expecting here this quarter. I think we've been hearing a little bit of increased chatter around things like PRECISION1 and things like that, but you guys seem to be holding in well there. So just with the update you're seeing kind of competitive environment, especially with some of these new products rolling out from especially Alcon but some others.
Albert White: Yes. So I think some of those guys -- well, Alcon is doing really well. They have a big portfolio of legacy wearers that they'll be trading up, and they'll be trading up, I'm sure, for a long time. I think that the story kind of remains the same to some degree, if you will, for us, which is we don't have as large a legacy portfolio to trade up. But we're winning our fair share certainly of new fits. So I think that's probably the differentiator. When you're talking about new fits, new wearers coming into the market and you're talking about products like MyDay and clariti, where we're certainly winning our fair share of that new fit activity. So I think that's the thing that's held up really well. It continues to hold up well based on the latest data I've seen, which is a really good sign for us because, frankly, that's where we need to get a lot of our growth from. We can't get as much from trading up legacy wear. So we have to be able to win new wearers coming into the market.
Jeff Johnson: Yes, understood. And then the last one I've got just on MiSight. I've got you at about $18 million year-to-date now. It seems like you're going to come short of that $50 million. But just I hear you on still feeling okay, maybe at the $100 million myopia. Where are you at on thinking about the $50 million for MiSight? And then just talk maybe about the stability of kind of the -- those MiSight wearers who are now rolling over into year 1 or 1.5 of where in this macro environment are you seeing any kind of dropouts from those established wearers now on the MiSight side?
Albert White: Yes. I just had the team update the numbers on MiSight for wearers. And it's a little different geographically, but it was running kind of in the 85% to 95% retainage rate, if you will, going into multiyear. So not a lot of change from what we've seen in the past, which I'm really happy to report, right? And it's working for a very significant number of kids and then they're staying in the lens, which is great news.  On MiSight, yes, I was kind of expecting $40 million to $50 million this year, depending upon what happened with China. We're still going to be in that $40 million to $50 million. I wouldn't change that range to get to $50 million, we're going to need some uptick in China. I mean we should be farther ahead ideally. A lot of our activity, including some of our distribution activity is literally through Shanghai. So the shutdowns in Shanghai have certainly hurt us. Now the activity when we first launched that in China and first went in there was really strong. It was definitely stronger than I thought it was going to be. So we received some early kind of pickup, if you will, there. And then all of a sudden, it really shut itself down here. Now Shanghai just started kind of reopening a little bit here in the last day or 2. So hopefully, we get some improvement. I mean if we get kind of a snap rebound on that, I still think we could probably move up maybe towards that $50 million. But I think we'll be somewhere in that $40 million to $50 million and I think we still have a decent chance to get to $100 million if the market in China comes back a little bit because we'll pick up a lot of that ortho-k activity. But I still think we'll be at least mid-90s.
Operator: Our next question comes from Zach Weiner with Jefferies.
Zach Weiner: Just one on the strong performance from the Vision Care business. Could you parse out some of the share gains for switch fit versus new fits?
Albert White: I would love to, but no, it's incredibly difficult to get because of trade-ups. So when you get trade-up activity and how it all gets classified in terms of switches and new fits and so forth. And when you look at round on a global basis, it's just viciously difficult to get into. I think that it kind of as a general comment, you'd see we're doing really well when it comes to new fits, especially in torics and multifocals. We're certainly doing fine and fierce, but I would say that's where we're seeing strength. But it's hard to get those numbers. I mean even you'll see some stuff from GSK in places, but it's like partial data and only in certain markets, it's hard to get that level of granularity.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Brackmann with William Blair.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Mike on for Andrew today. Maybe just to dig in on your comments a little bit more on the expected FX headwinds and the interest rate impact to the bottom line. Can you sort of just level set us from a strategic standpoint around how you view spending in the sort of environment we find ourselves in. Is this something that will cause you to pull back a little bit? Or what do you do to better balance spending here just given the macro backdrop?
Albert White: Yes. It's a really good question, Mike. I mean we've spent quite a bit of time thinking through that. We ended up saying, hey, the fundamentals of our business, Vision and Surgical are really strong right now. We're taking share in the Vision space. We've got a bunch of great products. We're launching products around the world and expanding parameters. We got a lot of good things going with fertility, and we're gaining some traction on some of our medical devices and international med device. So we kind of looked at it and said, man, you hate to take the foot off the pedal. It's hard to get momentum. Now that we have momentum, we really want to keep it. So we ended up saying, okay, we have different factors pushing and pulling on that side of things. And we said, okay, well, if we exclude FX and we exclude the interest rate increases, can we continue to do everything that we want to do as a business? Can we invest everywhere we want to invest? Can we hurdle the solution stuff? Can we hurdle the supply chain and inflationary pressures and everything else, right? And then you pulled out a partner, you're like, yes, we've got price increases here. I've got some growing revenue. I've got a lot of different positive cost containment efforts and initiatives that I can net all that kind of stuff out and get myself in a situation where kind of my core margins are even up year-over-year, if you will, right? But I can't also hurdle FX and interest expense without cutting into some of my momentum and my growth opportunities that are out there. So that's the way we ended up separating it and saying, hey, the fundamentals of the business are too strong to ignore right now. We're not going to hurdle the interest in the FX. Now unlike maybe in prior years or other companies or something, I mean, when FX goes the other way, we're just going to pass that FX right along back. So I sure as [expletive] hope that happens sometime soon, right? That will go right back into our numbers. Interest expense is going to do what it's going to do, as Brian said, we're focused on paying down debt right now. So we're going to generate some cash flow here, we're going to pay down debt to help offset that. But that was kind of our strategic thinking, if you will, for the back half of this year and into next year.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. That was really helpful. And then maybe one more. Al, you mentioned some potential synergies that the CooperSurgical team is coming up with during the integration of the Generate acquisition. Is there anything specific you could tell us on those opportunities?
A Albert White: Yes, Ill give you an example. Like we have a labor and delivery group. And we have a very strong sales force within our OB/GYN medical device team, which includes labor and delivery in a couple of areas. Leveraging that sales force, educating them on what stem cells are and regenerative medicine and so forth and then incentivizing them to help the stem cell business from Generate to cross-sell, if you will, and the teams to work together and to help one another be more successful. Weve worked through that process. So we accelerated all the Generate acquisition activity. We've worked through that training activity. And we, "if you will, increased our sales force by utilizing our existing sales force, and were seeing some positives from that already. And I think that as we move through the back half of the year, I think well continue to see positives from that. So those are the kind of synergies that Im talking about that were starting to find and to implement.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan.
Robbie Marcus: Free cash flow came in a bit weak in the quarter. I was hoping maybe give us a sense of what drove that. How much is due to currency versus deal integration? How do we think about free cash flow for the balance of the year?
Brian Andrews: Yes. So I mentioned the $88 million of free cash flow. It was impacted interestingly by a $41 million SightGlass Vision cash outlay. We settled a revenue milestone. We bought out a milestone tied to a contingency of revenues, and that cash outflow was a negative to operating cash. And so we had been remeasuring that contingency last year, and that was hitting OpEx, and we were calling that out as it was being remeasured in OpEx. And so now the -- when you're paying it out, it ends up being a detriment. Even though, by the way, we received more than that from SightGlass as part of closing the joint venture and part of getting the money from them to help support the payment, the 50% payment of this buyout. So that was a big part of it.  Obviously, you've got FX and lens solutions, cash cost tied to shutting that down. And then just some higher inventory costs just with raw materials purchases and just trying to get ahead of some things. So the amalgam of all that was resulting in an $88 million. But expect still strong free cash flow in the back half of the year. With CapEx really just being one of those things where I'd expect CapEx is going to inflect up a little bit in Q3 and start to trend a little bit higher. The demand is really, really strong for our lenses right now. We've got basically very little idle costs, and we're utilizing all of our equipment. So we want to make sure that we stay ahead of the game and buy equipment, and we're putting some into production. So we'll continue to do that, and you'll see CapEx come up in the back half of the year and -- but see free cash flow is still looking really solid as we round out at the end of the year.
Robbie Marcus: Great. And I just wanted to follow up. I think it was Joanne who asked a question about hedging before. And I was hoping you could expand on it a little bit. 5% top line impact from FX is kind of what we're seeing across the board in med tech, but 14% is probably the most significant impact by far that we're seeing. So how do you think about -- just when you set out your guidance, do you plan it in constant currency or reported? Why are you, I guess, leaving FX as a risk for the business? And how -- any natural hedges you can do to offset that over time?
Brian Andrews: Yes. Robbie, that's a good question and a lot there to unpack. But the long story short is we do have some natural hedges in our business, but they're fairly insignificant in the grand scheme of things. We do have -- when you look at sort of what's been really moving even just from last quarter to this quarter throughout the P&L, this was a story of the yen and euro and pound hitting that impacted revenues. But when you -- with the yen moving so significantly weaker, we have very little to offset that. Our OpEx in Japan is very, very low. So the flow-through is immediate and it's significant. So -- and we have that play out throughout Europe and other currencies. We talked about in the second quarter, the majority of the delta from -- of $0.15 from last quarter's guidance to this quarter's guidance, stemmed from intercompany. And as Al mentioned earlier, Microsoft mentioned that today as a big -- that $50 million impact that they experienced was just balance sheet stuff. You're basically going -- you were measuring intercompany trade balances from one month to the other, you might settle that every 30 days. And typically, that doesn't result in a very significant loss to the bottom line because you have pluses and minuses. But in this case, we -- those balances are always there.  There was a big impact towards the end of the quarter, and that made up the majority of -- or a large part of that $0.15. And so like I said before, and we've said in the past, currency sometimes is in your favor, sometimes it moves against you. When currency starts to move in our favor, that will be a big positive to us, and you'll see a big impact move the other way. When it comes to setting our guidance, we basically just try to -- we take a look at our forecast, and we apply roughly current rates, and that's what you get. And so that's what we tell you is the headwind. So there isn't any magic around it. It's -- that's kind of how we arrive at the guidance.
Albert White: Yes. Robbie, to add a point on that. The 5% and 14% that you're highlighting the delta being abnormally large between that, that's misleading because we're the same as every other company in terms of that delta. One of the primary differences from us from a lot of different companies is our FX gets capitalized within our cost of goods, and it turns through inventory 6 months later. So we're not getting any of the positive within our manufacturing from the change in the pound. All we're seeing right now basically is negatives coming from inventory. And the only offset is OpEx. The pound starts flowing through at the end of our fiscal year and into next year. And all of a sudden, that's when you get the bigger offset from currency. So it's a little misleading the 5% and 14%, that's happening because it's all happening within a fiscal year. If you stretch it out over a full year, it wouldn't be that dramatic of a difference. It would be very similar to what you see from other companies.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Lichtman with Oppenheimer.
Steven Lichtman: Just, I guess, outside of the solutions business, how much are supply chain inflation impacting you guys on the bottom line this year? And do you see second half similar to first on that front, better? Any comments generally would be helpful.
Albert White: Yes. Solutions is a little bit different of an animal with the plastic that you need to purchase and so forth for the solution bottles and so forth, that's been a challenge for us. There's no question about that. We're working through it, and we've actually made some progress on that, but that has definitely impacted us. Now we're shutting that business down at the end of this year. So we're trying to take care of our customers. I think we did lose. We did have a decent operating loss in Q1 from that business. We had a decent operating loss in Q2. I think in Q3 and Q4, where we're at now that we made the decision and are working to rightsize things very quickly is revenues probably hold fairly stable as we supply as much as we can out to our customers. And then because of rightsized infrastructure, we probably get to like a neutral operating profit or no operating profit, if you will, kind of in Q3, Q4.
Steven Lichtman: Okay. Got it. Brian, you mentioned tax rate as an offset. What are you guys assuming now in the guidance for the year?
Brian Andrews: Around 13%. So coming down from around 14% to around 13%.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Saxon with Needham & Company.
David Saxon: Maybe on 2 CPI, starting with MiSight. Just wondering what inning, you are for MiSight trending in the U.S.? And how are you thinking about MiSight pricing in a potentially recessionary environment?
Albert White: Yes. I mean we're still, as far as I'm concerned, in the first inning when it comes to MiSight. We are just very early in what is going to be a very large myopia management marketplace. And we're going to have a number of additional products coming out. I mean MiSight, we just expanded the parameter range on MiSight. So I'm excited about that. You're going to see more products coming out of R&D continuing to expand and grow. And I think that industry is just going to continue to grow because anywhere you go right now within the ophthalmic space, you're seeing everyone talking about myopia management, what it means, how they can build it within their practices, how they manage it and so forth. So it's exciting that you're seeing eye care practitioners saying, hey, I have a way to treat this disease.  I can tackle this thing, and I can help kids and I can help society and benefit everyone. So we're definitely gaining some momentum there. So we're very, very early in that process. Pricing to me is that we're not -- we haven't made changes in pricing. I mean, if anything, I think in some spots around the world, we've taken pricing up a little bit. We have a fantastic FDA-approved strong clinical product that works, and it's the only one in the market out there right now that's doing that as a contact lens. So I think from our perspective right now, we'll continue with pricing roughly where it's at.
David Saxon: Okay. That's helpful. And then you did call out your -- the growth in your branded products. So just wondering, are you seeing anything new in the key account segment or if that's just strong underlying branded growth?
Albert White: Yes. We're seeing -- we talked for a while about a lot of the growth was being driven by more of our customized solutions, if you will, the customer brands and so forth. We've seen a little bit of shift in that more recently here. Some of the products, MyDay, in particular, Biofinity also, the torics, the multifocal tile, some of that, a lot of which gets sold through private practitioners and so forth. A lot of that strength we're seeing from more traditional branded products, if you will. So that's a really good sign. I'm really happy to see that. It doesn't really surprise me, but it's still nice to see.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time, I'm showing further questions in the queue. I'd like to hand the conference back over to Mr. White for any closing remarks.
Albert White: Great. Thank you, operator, and thank you, everyone, for attending today's call. And we appreciate your time and so forth and look forward to updating everyone again in September on our next earnings call. So thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-03-03 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to The Cooper Companies First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, todays program is being recorded. And now Id like to introduce your host for todays program, Kim Duncan, Vice President, Investor Relations and Risk Management.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon, and welcome to The Cooper Companies first quarter 2022 earnings conference call. During todays call, we will discuss the results and guidance included in the earnings release and then use the remaining time for questions. Our presenters on todays call are Al White, President and Chief Executive Officer and Brian Andrews, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market or regulatory conditions and acquisitions, integration of any acquisitions or their anticipated benefits. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that maybe incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption forward-looking statements in todays earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including Coopers Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings, all of which are available on our website at coopercos.com. Should you have any additional questions following the call, please call our investor line at 925-460-3663 or e-mail ir@cooperco.com. And now Ill turn the call over to Al for his opening remarks.
Al White: Great. Thank you, Kim and welcome everyone to Cooper Companies fiscal first quarter conference call. Before I turn to our business, let me say the escalation of the devastating crisis in Ukraine is top of mind. The event caused great concern for everyone in that region, including our employees, partners and their families. Our thoughts are with everyone who is being affected, and we certainly hope peace prevails soon. Moving to our business, I am pleased to report a strong start to the fiscal year, led by a fantastic quarter at CooperVision and another solid quarter at CooperSurgical. Within vision, our daily silicone hydrogel and myopia management portfolios continued posting strong results, leading to share gains around the world. Within surgical, our fertility business posted great numbers and the integration of Generate Life Sciences is going really well with that business off to a fast start as part of Cooper. We also recently announced the pending acquisition of Cook Medicals reproductive health business, which will be a great addition to our surgical franchise. Regarding first quarter financial results, consolidated revenues were $787 million, with CooperVision at $561 million, up 11%; and CooperSurgical reaching a new all-time high of $226 million, up 30%. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $3.24. Moving to the details and reporting all percentages on an organic basis. Our CooperVision growth of 14% was strong and diversified. We grew nicely in all product categories, spheres, torics and multifocals, and all three regions posted great results, with the Americas up 8%, EMEA up 17% and Asia-Pac up 19%. This resulted in nice share gains, and we remain well positioned to capitalize on the reopening of economies around the world as COVID subsides. All of this is driven by our multifaceted commercial strategy that we began deploying years ago, which has proven to be extremely successful. This includes a consistent cadence of launching new products and product extensions around the world, providing customers with market-leading flexibility through our customized solutions, executing on key account relationships and delivering fantastic customer service. Were continuing these efforts while also enhancing our business through sales force expansions and targeted marketing and infrastructure investments. Regarding products, our daily silicone hydrogel lenses MyDay and clariti, posted strong results, growing 25%. Daily silicones continue to lead the market, and we offer the broadest portfolio of products to meet customers needs. This includes MyDay, our premium offering, which is available in a sphere, toric and, most recently, a multifocal. And speaking of the multifocal, the launch is going incredibly well. The feedback from eye care practitioners regarding use of our breakthrough binocular progressive fitting system that simplifies the fit process while providing optimal visual acuity at all levels has been fantastic. And were continuing to receive feedback from patients that MyDay provides the best multifocal theyve ever worn for exceptional near, intermediate and distant vision. This success is having a nice halo effect on our already successful MyDay torics and spheres, so we remain very optimistic about this brand. The other brand in our daily silicone hydrogel portfolio is clariti. This lens is also available as a sphere, toric and multifocal and is sold as more of a mass market product. Weve seen nice growth with this brand, especially in our Asia Pac region, where we just posted an extremely strong quarter. For our FRPs, we reported another solid quarter of 10% growth for Avaira and Biofinity, our silicone hydrogel 2-week and monthly lenses. This was led by improved product availability and our unique offerings such as Biofinity toric multifocal and Energys, the most innovative product in the monthly space. To finish on products, we are continuing to see nice strength in torics and multifocals as we expand parameter ranges and increase availability around the world. When you combine this with the success were having in key accounts, its resulting in nice share gains, and we expect that to continue. Moving to myopia management, we posted revenues of $20 million. And within this, MiSight grew 172%. This growth rate was an acceleration from Q4, which is impressive, given the general market challenges around new fits. Overall, as a global leader in the myopia management space, our portfolio is the broadest in the industry, comprised of MiSight, the only FDA-approved myopia control product; a broad range of market-leading ortho-k lenses; and our innovative SightGlass Vision glasses. For MiSight, we are continuing to make progress around the world, including in China, where were preparing for a broader launch with our partner, Essilor. Our team in China is strong, and our advisory board of key opinion leaders that are affiliated with hospitals representing over 50% of myopia management contact lens volume in China has us positioned for success in a market where childhood myopia rates are estimated to be over 80%, and were reducing myopia as a priority for the government. Lastly, on MiSight, our industry-leading 7-year clinical data has been getting a lot of exposure as it highlights that MiSight works for nearly all myopic children. It cuts myopia progression by roughly 59% on average. It works at any age a child starts treatment. It works for as long as the child wears it. And theres no rebound if treatment is stopped. Moving to SightGlass myopia management glasses, following our co-launch in the Netherlands with Essilor in November, we started early launches in additional markets, including the U.K. and Canada. Within Canada, weve launched the product under the MiSight name, which is an exciting step in combining our myopia management glasses and contact lenses under one brand name. We have also accelerated activity in China and plan to launch the product later this fiscal year. To conclude on myopia management, our momentum is strong and we are still targeting roughly $100 million in sales for this fiscal year. To wrap up on CooperVision, for calendar Q4, we estimate the global contact lens market grew 10%, with CooperVision growing 16%. Within this, COVID-related challenges did negatively impact optometry offices around the world, and combining this with heightened patient demand as myopia rates continue to rise is resulting in many eye care offices having full calendars of appointments. This demand is great, but its still impacting fit activities such as in the U.S. where new fits are still roughly 8% below pre-COVID levels. Having said that, progress is being made, and we expect to continue seeing positive trends as COVID subsides and economies around the world reopen with people returning to the office and becoming more active in social settings. Meanwhile, long-term macro growth trends remain intact with roughly one-third of the world being myopic today and thats expected to increase to 50% by 2050. For CooperVision, we have a robust product portfolio, ongoing product launches, a fast growing myopia management business and our fit data remains strong. So we remain very bullish on our business. Moving to CooperSurgical, we are extremely busy integrating Generate, which we just closed in mid-December. In the meantime, we had another strong quarter with organic growth of 9%. Before getting into the details, lets cover Generate. We recognized roughly $34 million of revenues in the quarter as this was a stub period with only roughly 1.5 months of revenue. Of this, $23 million was in stem cell storage and $11 million in fertility. Its tough to get exact growth rates for a stub period, but growth for the business for the full equivalent fiscal quarter was 10%. Moving to our fertility business, we posted sales of $97 million, up a very healthy 27% when excluding Generate and the small acquisition of Embryo Options from last January. Strength was seen on a global basis and throughout our product portfolio, including from consumables, capital equipment and genomics. Within our office and surgical unit, we posted sales of $129 million, up 24% as reported, but down 3% when excluding Generate and other acquisitions. This was due to the negative impact of COVID on sales of PARAGARD as well as certain surgical products. Having said that, we did see growth in many areas such as our laparoscopic surgery closure products, and our acquired businesses grew nicely, especially Fetal Pillow in our labor and delivery area, which grew 160%. Based on current trends, we expect office and surgical sales to improve and show organic growth in Q2. To wrap up on CooperSurgical, let me touch on some market information. For fertility, were largely back to pre-COVID levels. Some markets like the U.S. are stronger, while others outside the U.S. are still dealing with COVID-related challenges. But net-net, the market is in a good place. This industry continues to grow nicely, and we estimate our addressable market is approaching $2 billion with 5% to 10% long-term annual growth. Its estimated that 1 in 8 couples has trouble getting pregnant due to a variety of factors such as increasing maternal age and that more than 100 million individuals worldwide suffer from infertility. Given the improving access to treatments, increasing patient awareness, greater comfort discussing IVF and increasing global disposable income, we expect this industry to grow nicely for many years to come. Within office and surgical, as mentioned earlier, we expect growth to return in Q2 as the market fundamentals are improving. To summarize, this was a really strong start to our fiscal year. CooperVision posted a great quarter, and were well positioned to continue delivering success with the best team in the industry and the broadest product portfolio in the market. Our fertility business is growing nicely and taking share, and the Generate business is integrating really well with some exciting potential as we incorporate stem cell storage into our labor and delivery product portfolio. And with that, Ill turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Andrews: Thank you, Al, and good afternoon, everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis. So please refer to our earnings release for a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. First quarter consolidated revenues were $787 million, up 16% and up 13% organically. Consolidated gross margin decreased year-over-year by 90 basis points to 66.9%, driven primarily by currency, but also lower sales of PARAGARD, partially offset by lower manufacturing costs at CooperVision. Operating expenses grew 19% to 42.3% of revenues with the addition of Generate and higher investment activity. Consolidated operating margins were 24.6%, down from 26.9% last year due to the negative impact of FX and higher investing. In addition, we did see higher freight, secondary handling and distribution costs within cost of goods and OpEx and expect this to continue, although price increases are helping to offset the impact. Interest expense was $6.6 million on higher average debt, partially offset by lower interest rates. The effective tax rate was 13.3%, higher primarily due to the Generate acquisition. Non-GAAP EPS was $3.24 with roughly 49.9 million average shares outstanding. FX negatively impacted us by $0.37 in the quarter, which was $0.02 worse than we forecasted at the time of our last earnings call. Free cash flow was solid at $109 million, comprised of $166 million of operating cash flow, offset by $57 million of CapEx. Net debt decreased by $1.6 billion to $3 billion, driven by the acquisition of Generate. And our adjusted leverage ratio increased to 2.71x. During the quarter, we repurchased roughly 191,200 shares of the companys common stock for $78.5 million at an average purchase price of $410.41 per share, thats $410.41. Roughly $256 million remains authorized for repurchase under our program. Moving to guidance. Weve updated our numbers to reflect our outperformance in Q1, the addition of Generate, new currency rates and the assumption of a 25 basis point rate increase by the Fed next week. Prior to the Russian invasion of Ukraine, this would have meant the midpoint for EPS would have been roughly $14.35, but currency has moved significantly against us over the past week. Were increasing prices to offset the negative impact, and hopefully, the currency moves are temporary, but were taking a conservative approach and fully incorporating negative currency into our guidance, noting that the scope, degree and duration of the crisis on the global economy is an evolving risk. With this, the new consolidated revenue range is $3.261 billion to $3.329 billion, up 6.5% to 8.5% organically. Within this, CooperVision revenue guidance is $2.221 billion to $2.264 billion, up 7% to 9% organically. CooperSurgical revenues are expected to be between $1.04 billion and $1.065 billion, up 35% to 38% as reported or 5% to 7% organically. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $13.70 to $14.20. We estimate interest expense around $42 million, which assumes a 25 basis point rate increase, remembering that $1 billion of our debt is fixed  is at fixed rates. We estimate the full year tax rate to be around 14%. Regarding currency, on a year-over-year basis, the negative FX headwind is now roughly 3.5% to revenues and roughly 10% negative impact to EPS. Note this guidance does not include our pending Cook Medical reproductive health acquisition as the transaction has not yet closed. Regarding Cook, we announced this acquisition on February 7 for $875 million. This is a really nice strategic fit as they manufacture and sell minimally invasive medical devices focused on their fertility and gynecology markets. With this acquisition, we will be improving our international fertility footprint, especially within the Asia Pac region and will be adding highly synergistic and respected labor and delivery medical devices. From a financial perspective, this business had roughly $158 million in sales in calendar 2021, and we expect long-term growth in the range of 5% to 9%. Additionally, we expect year 1 non-GAAP EPS accretion of roughly $0.60. For more information, please visit our IR website, where there is a presentation. In summary, were pleased with this quarters performance and believe our momentum will continue, driven by strategic investments in both businesses that will support share gains and durable long-term revenue and earnings growth. And with that, Ill hand it back to the operator for questions.
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Matthew Mishan from KeyBanc. Your question please.
Matthew Mishan: Hi, good afternoon, guys. Just first on the Cook acquisition, I mean, its a little bit difficult because you guys have been guiding right before closing an acquisition and then having an update, and were going to have to do the same thing again when Cook closes. Just first, can you give an update on when you think that might close? And then given $0.60 in year 1, that Cook is probably going to be half and half. How should we phase that first half of year 1 versus the second half of year 1?
Al White: Yes. No update on that. Were working through the regulatory approval processes right now we have here in the U.S. and then some work councils and stuff in Europe. So no real update on that. With respect to the $0.60 when we do close, that should be pretty stable, if you will. Not a lot of seasonality in that business. So you could almost just say $0.15 a quarter is probably an easy way to look at it. But yes, we seem to be closing these in the middle of the quarter, which I appreciate, makes things a little bit more different  difficult.
Matthew Mishan: Excellent. And then the second question is just on phasing of CooperVision. You really had an excellent quarter in the first quarter. But as I look at like previous history prior to COVID, the second quarter is usually above the first quarter, like seasonally speaking. Is there any reason why that shouldnt be the case this year? And then if that  if 2Q is better than 1Q, what would be driving the second half deceleration in the growth?
Al White: Yes, thats a good question. I think that Q2, if we look at CooperVision, its going to end up being fairly similar to Q1, which is different than it usually is because usually, Q2 is a little bit stronger. We did see a nice rebound in activity certainly in Europe and Asia Pac. We didnt get stocking. It was just an increase in activity. So that was a good sign. We had some good trends going. The situation with Russia and the Ukraine and how that impacts Europe, its a little bit of a question mark right now. And then the impact of currency. I mean weve had a situation here where basically the dollar has strengthened against all currencies across the board. So thats obviously taken a bite out of our earnings and out of our revenue. So we will see how that plays out. But I think that this quarter will be meaning  this quarter meaning fiscal Q2 will be somewhat similar from a revenue perspective for CooperVision as Q1.
Matthew Mishan: I appreciate the color. Thank you.
Al White: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. Your question please.
Larry Biegelsen: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question and congrats on the strong quarter here. Al, just a follow-up on that last question, you grew  so CVI, the same question for CVI and CSI. So 14% organically in Q1, the guide implied like 5% to 7% for Q2 to Q4. The same thing for CSI, 9% growth organically and again, Q2 to Q4, it looks like implied about 5% to 7%. So math  Brian will correct me on the math. But obviously, it implies a pretty steep deceleration. So FX, thats organic. So I guess my question is, how much are you baking in for Russia and Ukraine in both those businesses? And is there anything else that might be leading to that deceleration?
Al White: Yes. So the way I look at it ends up being more on a comp basis. I mean were starting to be in a situation here in 2022 where were comping against a more traditional, if you will, marketplace, where we didnt have a lot of those  the COVID swings or the COVID weaker quarters. So when I look at, for instance, the contact lens market and I think about something in that maybe its 4% to 6% growth kind of range and were at the high end of that or should arguably go a little bit above that. But then I do ratchet it back and kind of think a little bit about whats going on around the world with supply chain and trade disruptions and that type of activity and try to incorporate a little bit of that. So Brian and I were just talking about that. Its tough, tough, tough timing with whats going on, obviously, in the world right now to try to incorporate the guidance on that. So I certainly hope that were being a little conservative on that guidance. But for right now, I think its probably pretty reasonable. In other words, Larry, I mean, one kind of takeaway is I dont want to imply in any way that our business isnt strong, that there is not great momentum because there was. What we saw in Q1 was continuing in this quarter, and we feel pretty optimistic about things across the board. But a little bit more conservative, certainly based on whats transpired over the last week.
Larry Biegelsen: And just for my follow-up, Al, maybe Ill ask about SightGlass. Whats the timing on the approval or launch in China? And then in the U.S., whats your expectation? How do you feel about approval in 2022? Thanks for taking the questions.
Al White: Sure. Yes. On SightGlass in the U.S., I think were in a situation here where we will just wait and we will give the 3-year data. So weve been having some conversations with the FDA about approval for that. But were closing in on a point where we will get the 3-year data in a couple of months, be able to pull that together and submit that to them. So I think Im still optimistic that we will get something during 2022, but my guess is its probably more towards the latter part. With respect to China, TBD on the data that you dont have the same regulatory restrictions there that you do here. So its a matter of working out the agreements with Essilor and lining up the distribution and so forth on that. So I do think that, that one happens, but Ill hold back for right now, at least on the timing of that one.
Larry Biegelsen: Thanks, Al.
Al White: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson from Baird. Your question please.
Jeff Johnson: Hi, thanks. Good afternoon, guys. Al, I just want to go back  so if were talking sequentially stable CVI revenue in the fiscal Q2 with Q1, youd be talking probably a little north of double-digit organic growth for CVI in this quarter. Is that  youre a month in, you obviously see whats going on in your numbers that you feel good with that. Just want to make sure I understand that.
Al White: Im looking at Brian on that. Youre talking about...
Brian Andrews: In Q2 organic growth?
Jeff Johnson: The way my model works. If I go to $561 million CVI in the second quarter, thats probably right around 10%, 10.5% organic CVI growth, I think, unless my model is screwy.
Al White: Yes, I think youre right.
Brian Andrews: Yes, thats about right.
Jeff Johnson: Okay. It wasnt a trick question. I just want to make sure my math is right. Okay. We good?
Brian Andrews: Yes. No, thats right, Jeff. I just pulled the sheet out. Youre right.
Jeff Johnson: Okay. And then just on the MyDay multifocal especially, I mean, obviously weve been getting good feedback here in the U.S. But just talk to us maybe where is that lens at from a global launch standpoint? Where are the tailwinds coming over the next few quarters from that launch? And just how to think about MyDay multifocal?
Al White: Yes. Thats a really good question because that product is doing really well. And as you know, there is some competitive products in the marketplace that have been launched. So weve been really happy with the reception of that. We obviously have it in the U.S. and still launching it. We did launch it in some other larger markets around the world. But there is still numerous markets to launch into, and we still have to finish launches, if you will, in a number of markets, including rolling out more fitting sets and so forth here in the U.S. So were going to continue to put up strong MyDay multifocal growth through the year. I would imagine every earnings call, youll have me making a statement around that based on the momentum that we have right now.
Jeff Johnson: Understood. Thank you.
Al White: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Pasquale from Guggenheim. Your question please.
Chris Pasquale: Yes. Thanks, guys. Congrats on a great start to the year. Al, whats left to do before you transition to the full MiSight launch in China? And how are you thinking about the ramp there?
Al White: Yes. So there is a big conference at kind of in the end of March time frame, into the beginning of April. Its just a big optical conference in China. So thats really the target. So the product is available now. Were starting to launch the product, get it into hospitals and so forth. Docs are getting their hands on it. Certainly, weve done seminars and other things. The true big launch, if you will, will be at that optical conference. So no delays, no problems, no issues, nothing along those lines. I just think that it will really get rolling towards the end of this fiscal quarter and then in the back half of our year.
Chris Pasquale: Okay. And then I dont think I heard a PARAGARD revenue number. Could you just give us how that performed in the quarter?
Al White: Yes, it was down 10%?
Brian Andrews: Yes.
Al White: Down 10%, yes.
Chris Pasquale: And is that just related to some of the issues with getting patients into office, you think? Or was there something mechanical around purchasing?
Al White: No. I think it was foot traffic. We heard some of that commentary from some of our competitors, and I would agree with that. Thats what weve kind of seen because we havent seen anything else associated with that. Based on current trends here, when I look at just whats going on, how January went and how February is and our expectations, I expect us to be back to posting growth here in Q2 on that one. But I do think that, that was due to two things. One was staffing shortages associated with COVID. And then the other was just some reduced foot traffic, if you will, due to Omicron-related issues.
Chris Pasquale: Perfect. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jon Block from Stifel. Your question please.
Jon Block: Great. Thanks, guys. Good afternoon. Maybe for CVI to start out, I think to kick off the year  your fiscal year, you were talking about market growth of 4% to 6%. You guys, CVI were going to grow 6% to 8%. Now I believe youve upped that to 7% to 9% for CVI. So would just love your thoughts on the underlying market? In other words, has that moved up as well? Or is it just sort of your share gains that have expanded? And when we think about the extra 100 bps for CVI, what do you attribute that to? How much of that is price that I believe you alluded to that youre taking to help offset some of the FX movements? Thanks.
Al White: Yes. So basically, what we did there was took the 6% to 8% guidance that we had beforehand, we increased it to 7% to 9% to reflect the strong performance in Q1. We didnt really move it outside of just incorporating that. If you look at the numbers, its almost like you can think out on an as-reported basis, we had a nice beat and then currency took the delta away there. So from that perspective, kind of our  holding our expectations where they are for Q2 to Q4, even in the face of some of the global uncertainty, if you will. A lot of that came from outperformance in Europe and in Asia Pac, where were over-indexed. Were number one in Europe, and we have a really strong presence, for example, in Japan. So as weve seen those markets start to come back and get closer to where the U.S. is at, we have a tendency to outperform in those areas. So thats what you saw. I mean, yes, there is a little bit of price. Everyone has taken a little bit of price, so thats a little component of it. But I think it was more starting to see global economies, really economies outside of the U.S. start to return to normal. And as they did and they catch up to the U.S. contact lens market, if you will, were a greater recipient of that type of positive activity.
Jon Block: Got it. Helpful. And second question, I think on an earlier question, you mentioned Cook somewhat linear, if you would, when we think about the accretion of the $0.60. What about Generate? I dont know if I missed it, Brian. But is Generate still, call it, $0.50 accretive in the first 12 months? And then you guided for, I guess roughly like 10.5 this fiscal year. How does that onboard, if you would and any commentary around the pace or the cadence of that, or from a linear perspective? Thanks guys.
Brian Andrews: Yes. So, you are exactly right. And we are heading towards the roughly $0.44-or-so that gets you to that 10.5 months of $0.50 that we guided to. So, definitely on track to hit that $0.50, but thats kind of how you get there. And I would say the gating, if you will, is going to be fairly similar per quarter.
Jon Block: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason Bednar from Piper Sandler. Your question please.
Jason Bednar: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. I wanted to ask a follow-up here on the contact lens pricing topic as well. Just maybe hoping you can help in interpreting some of the data thats out there. I mean it looks like retail price points are showing something like mid-single digit increases. But I think a chunk of those are probably stemming from increases that are happening at the distributor or retail level to cover their own higher operating costs. So, maybe you can clarify for us like how you are handling price increases regionally or across the board globally. And should we be thinking about any load-in or stocking ahead of some of these additional increases that you are planning?
Al White: Yes. I dont think there has really been any activity in terms of stocking or anything that I have really seen from our perspective associated with pricing. We are taking price increases, low-single digit kind of price increases. But you are exactly right, its very difficult to see because not only do you have the component of direct price from the manufacturer and list prices, you also have markups associated with distributors or anyone else, frankly, along the process as they look to take price to offset kind of inflationary pressures. Pricing is a little different around the world. There are some countries right now, even if we get to Russia in particular, right, where we are taking much larger price increases to offset currency moves. So, its a little bit all over the place right now. But I would say its positive. I mean everyone is kind of raising price to just varying degrees and then seeing how that plays through. And we have always been a little lower, for instance, if you look at rebate activities than some of our competitors have been. So, thats another factor that you would have to take into consideration when looking at price.
Jason Bednar: Okay. Alright. Thats helpful. And maybe just as a follow-up. I know I asked you about this topic last quarter, but I will come back to it again. It does look like you just recently  you had CMS grant MiSight a level 2 code. I know may still be a ways off from seeing dedicated reimbursement for MiSight or myopia management contact lenses. But maybe can you talk about the significance or importance of what this code does for Cooper? Are there competitive advantages that it provides? And then how does this position the company to eventually seek elevated or dedicated payment levels for something like MiSight? Thanks.
Al White: Yes, sure. Absolutely. No, we received that code, its fantastic, and its a relatively specific related code, which is really good news. The ultimate question ends up on that is how much is the reimbursement amount associated with that? And that would be the reason where  I am excited about that, and I am optimistic about where things are going and so forth. But I will temper any enthusiasm until we get to a point where we are seeing what those reimbursement dollar amounts are. But overall, a clear positive and a clear step in the right direction, thats for sure.
Jason Bednar: Great. Thank you.
Al White: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Brackmann from William Blair. Your question please.
Andrew Brackmann: Hi guys. Good afternoon and thanks for taking the questions. Al, maybe I can just give some high-level thoughts around sort of MiSight here. I think we are coming up on the 2-year anniversary of the launch here in the U.S. So, maybe could you just sort of reflect on what you have read about this product in the domestic market specifically? And maybe how has that view changed one way or the other over that time? Thanks.
Al White: Yes. I think the clear learning on this thats done over the last couple of years is it takes a little while to get traction. We were more optimistic, certainly, early on that as a physician got  as eye care practitioner got the product into their practice, they would start selling it to every pediatric patient who walked into the door. What we saw is they were pretty active right away, and they would choose a patient or two patients. But it wasnt as sticky right upfront as we thought it was going to be. So, we have kind of altered some of our attention, some of our focus, if you will, to ensure that we are helping eye care practitioners build up their myopia management practice. Because if you really talk to optometrists right now and you dig into whats going on in myopia management, so many of them are trying to figure out how to create a myopia management practice, because its something they want to do. They are excited about it. They see the value in it. Whether its Ortho-K, whether its MiSight, its something they want to do. But prescribing to kids and talking to parents and so forth is oftentimes a significant difference from what they are used to doing. So, helping them along that journey is proving to be really, really valuable for building a long-term relationship. But really recognizing that and understanding that and figuring out how to help eye care practitioners build a subset of their business, if you will, has been a big learning for us. And the team has done a really nice job on that. I feel like they pivoted quickly. They are understanding that. They are out there helping physicians and build practices and so forth. But I would say thats our biggest learning is that this takes time. And I was really optimistic it was going to shoot up really, really fast. But it takes time. We are building a lot of traction. We are putting up good numbers. We are getting good growth, all that kind of stuff. It just takes a little bit of time.
Andrew Brackmann: Thats great. Appreciate that. And then maybe a follow-up for Brian, anything more that you can sort of tell us about what you saw related with the sort of inflationary pressures in the quarter? And then how should we be thinking about those factors sort of playing out throughout the year? Thanks guys.
Brian Andrews: Yes, sure. Thanks, Andrew. So yes, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are definitely seeing inflationary pressures, and we are helping to offset some of those with price increases. That was obviously factored into our guidance last time and we factored into our guidance inflationary pressures this time around. I mean, obviously, its definitely a headwind. We are seeing  I mentioned also freight, secondary handling, distribution, so whether its cost of goods or OpEx. We have got some good guys offsetting that. But certainly, if things get worse and there is contagion as a result of the Ukraine crisis and fuel prices continue to increase and there is a knock-on effect, then thats hard to factor in. But for now, we think we have got a pretty good handle on what we have seen so far and we think we factored into our guidance.
Andrew Brackmann: Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Zach Weiner from Jefferies. Your question please.
Zach Weiner: Hey. Thanks for taking the question. Just want to continue on that last one on MiSight retention rates after the first couple of years of the launch. Just if you can give any color there. And then additionally, if you could give some color on new fits versus switch fits through the quarter, how that trended? And if there is any one particular lens that stands out as driving those new fits and switch fits level? Thanks.
Al White: Yes. MiSight retention rates have remained pretty high. So, they are still in the 85% to 90% kind of range, which is a really good sign, and its part of whats supporting the business or the underlying growth of that business as we dont have a lot of kids dropping out once they get into the product. New fits to switch fits, new fits are continuing to get better. We are seeing better foot traffic in optometry offices. We are seeing improvements in fit activity. Thats clearly benefiting ourselves, and frankly, the industry, but its benefiting us a little bit more, given a lot of our growth comes from new fit activity. I am not sure I would highlight anything too particular other than probably daily silicones, because we have talked about that in the past. Thats the driver of the market. When you are getting new fit activity and patients are coming in, thats where the optometrist has the tendency to go as they grab one of the new daily silicone hydrogels in the marketplace. So, thats a positive, obviously, for the entire industry. You saw it in our daily silicone numbers of 25% growth. So, really strong numbers that we are certainly capturing our fair share and more of new fit activity when it comes to that space.
Zach Weiner: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Marcus from JPMorgan. Your question please.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is actually Lilia on for Robbie. Thanks for taking the question. Just another one on MiSight. Is there any way you can quantify how many physicians you have trained at this point? And what percent of the total opportunity that is?
Al White: I honestly dont know that off the top of my head. I stopped looking at that number because we were training so many people, and then we were training office people also. It wasnt just ECPs. So, its a pretty significant number. I think that there is definitely more room here for training in the U.S. But I would probably venture to say the bigger focus has shifted from getting more people trained to deeper relationships with existing accounts and with those who we know should be big accounts. So, certainly more focus there. I think there is still significant opportunity. I really truly believe that the myopia management space is going to be a multibillion dollar industry, and that will include glasses and contact lenses. But there is a massive amount of momentum out there in the optometry space right now, talking about myopia management, and I dont see that changing. So, its more about deeper relationships and helping people grow that part of their business than it is getting them trained enough to speed on it.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thats helpful. And then you have obviously been pretty active on the M&A front, not just with bigger deals like Cook and Generate, but a bunch of even smaller tuck-ins as well. So, do you still have an appetite for M&A right now? And where does M&A stand on your list of priorities for capital allocation? Thanks so much.
Al White: Sure. Yes. Yes, we do acquisitions. We have had a couple of bigger ones here. Brian mentioned, we just bought some stock back this last quarter. So, we continue to look at the same thing. We invest in our business wherever we can find opportunities. That always provides the best return for us. We look at acquisitions if they make sense, and we will buy stock back if we think it makes sense. With Cook coming up and closing, we will focus a little bit more of our energy and attention on paying down debt. We are not going to  we dont anticipate seeing leverage go even over 3x, but having said that, we are up a little bit higher than we historically are. So, we will probably have a little bit greater focus in the near-term at least of paying down debt and maybe looking at some stock buybacks than another larger acquisition.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And this does conclude the question-and-answer session of todays program. I would like to hand the program back to Al White, President and Chief Executive Officer, for any further remarks.
Al White: Great. Thank you, everyone. I appreciate everyones attention and for calling in. I know a lot of people have a lot of things going on right now. As we have discussed, we started the year up really well here. So, we are really excited about where vision sits today and where surgical sits. And we have got good momentum. We think thats going to continue. So, if anyone has any questions or follow-ups, certainly give us a call. Otherwise, we look forward to speaking with everyone on our next earnings call in early June. Thank you, operator.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2021 Q4  (2021-12-02 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Q4 2021 Cooper Companies Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers ' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Kim Duncan, Vice President, Investor Relation and Risk Management. Ma'am, please go ahead.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon. And welcome to the Cooper Companies Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. During today's call, we will discuss the results and guidance included in the earnings release and then use the remaining time for questions. Our presenters on today's call are Al White, President and Chief Executive Officer and Brian Andrews, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance, and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market or regulatory conditions and acquisitions -- integration of any acquisitions, or other anticipated benefits. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data, or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the Company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward-looking Statements in today's earnings release and are described in SEC filings, including Cooper's Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings, all of which are available on our website at cooperco.com. Should you have any additional questions following the call, please call our investor line at 925-460-3663 or email ir@cooperco.com. And now I'll turn the call over to Al for his opening remarks.
Al White: Thank you Kim, and welcome everyone to Cooper Companies fiscal fourth quarter conference call. I'm pleased to report another strong quarter led by record revenues at CooperVision, where we exceeded the high-end of expectations for the quarter. Our daily silicone hydrogel and myopia management portfolios posted strong results. And our key account strategy generated share gains in markets around the world. Within CooperSurgical, our fertility business continued to perform extremely well and we recently announced an exciting agreement to acquire Generate Life Sciences, a great strategic fit with our fertility and labor and delivery offerings. For the full fiscal year 2021, I'm proud to report record revenues at both CooperVision and CooperSurgical, record non-GAAP earnings, and record free cash flow. As we enter fiscal 2022, we have strong momentum and expect another record-setting year. Regarding fourth quarter results, and reporting all percentages on a constant-currency basis, consolidated revenues were $759 million, with CooperVision at $565 million, up 11%, and CooperSurgical at $194 million, up 11%. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $3.28. For CooperVision, our daily silicone hydrogel portfolio led the way growing 19%. All 3 regions reported strength in this product category with our premium product MyDay and our mass market product clariti, both performing really well.  Biofinity also had a solid quarter, supported by strength in torics and multifocals. For the regions, the Americas grew 6% led by our daily silicone hydrogel lenses, with particular strength in MyDay where we continued seeing strong fit activity. EMEA grew a healthy 15% with improving consumer activity and strength in our key accounts, driving growth and shared gains. Within this region, we posted broad-based growth from our daily silicones and Biofinity. Asia Pac grew 14% led by a steady improvement in consumer activity and success with several new product launches. This region remains a very important growth driver for us, and we're investing accordingly as we're outperforming the market and taking share. For our FRP portfolio, Biofinity posted solid results driving growth in markets around the world with its broad offerings, including a tour of Multifocal and Energys, the most innovative product in the monthly space. Regarding product launches, we remain incredibly active. I've highlighted in the past the many products and range extensions we've been launching around the world for MyDay, clariti, and Biofinity, and all that activity continued. This has driven consistent share gains and we expect that to continue. One recent launch that I want to highlight this quarter is our new MyDay multifocal. We've launched the product in the U.S. and several major European markets, and the feedback and results are absolutely fantastic.  We're consistently hearing from eyecare practitioners that the new binocular progressive fitting system is a breakthrough approach that simplifies fit and provides optimal visual acuity at all levels. And we're hearing that from patients who are touting it as the best multifocal they've ever worn for exceptional near, intermediate, and distant vision. We expect this launch to continue performing extremely well and to provide a nice halo effect supporting the already successful MyDay brand of Torics and Sears. Moving to myopia management, our portfolio grew 63% to $21 million, with MiSight up 165% to $7 million and Ortho -K products up 40%. We reached our goal of $65 million for the year, up 76% year-over-year and our momentum is strong. As a global leader in the myopia management space, our portfolio is the broadest in the industry comprised of MiSight, the only FDA -approved myopia controlled product, our broad range of market-leading ortho-k lenses, and our innovative SightGlass Vision glasses. Regarding MiSight, we didn't quite reach our target this quarter, but we did reach $19 million in sales for the full year, up a very impressive 149% year-over-year.  We're making great progress with independent optometrists, buying groups and retailers around the world, and we're seeing momentum in all these channels. We're also making great progress in China, where we signed an exclusive distribution agreement with SLR. SLR is now actively promoting MiSight following a soft launch last month at 1 of the largest optometry trade shows, and we're on target for our full launch in fiscal Q2. We've also assembled an advisory board of key opinion leaders whose affiliated hospitals represent over 50% of myopia management contact lens volume in China. This team of experts is providing fantastic insight into our MiSight positioning, and how we can grow Ortho-K even faster, and how SightGlass will successfully fit in. As a reminder, childhood myopia rates in China are estimated at over 80% and reducing myopia is a priority for the Chinese government, so the opportunity is significant. Lastly, we recently presented our industry-leading 7-year clinical study of MiSight, confirming the product works for nearly all myopic children. It cuts myopia progression by roughly 59% on average. It works at any age a child's starts treatment. It works for as long as a child wears it and there's no rebound if treatment is stopped.  These are the drivers that will continue supporting short and long-term growth. Regarding our other myopia management products, our Ortho-K portfolio performed really well led by success in China. And in November, we commercially co-launched our SightGlass Myopia Management glasses in Europe with Essilor, and we'll be partnering with them on several additional launches coming soon. Overall, on Myopia Management, our momentum is strong and we're still targeting constant-currency growth of over 50% in fiscal 2022 to roughly $100 million in sales. To conclude our vision, we estimate the overall contact lens market grew 7% in calendar Q3, while CooperVision grew 8%, even as new Fits remained below pre-COVID levels. According to recent U.S. data, roughly 64% of eye care practitioners stated they had capacity to serve more patients but can not, mostly due to staffing challenges. Having said that, trends are positive and we expect the market to grow in the 4% to 6% range this coming year, supported by improving fit activity in the U.S. and EMEA and reopening activity in Asia-Pac.  Meanwhile the long-term macro growth trends remain solid, with roughly 1/3 of the world being myopic today and that expected to increase to 50% by 2050. For CooperVision, we closed this fiscal year on a really strong note, exceeding the high-end of our expectations, and we've entered fiscal 2022 with a robust product portfolio, new product launches, a fast-growing myopia management business, and strong fit data. To ensure we're seizing the growth opportunities in front of us, we've increased our sales force investments and we'll continue with our successful myopia management investment strategy. We have strong momentum, we're growing faster than the market, and we expect that to continue. Moving to CooperSurgical. Our fertility business performed exceptionally well, growing 24% year-over-year to $82 million. Strength was seen around the world and throughout our product portfolio, including from consumables, capital equipment, and genomics. One particular area of continued strength was our RI Witness platform.  This is our proprietary automated lab management system that clinics implement to maximize safety and security by optimizing their lab practices. A system like this is especially important in today's world to improve quality control and workflow management to enable social distancing and prevent mistakes, such as embryo mismatches, which you unfortunately occasionally hear about. Regarding the broader fertility industry, our addressable market is approaching 2 billion with 5% to 10% long-term growth expected. It's estimated that 1 in 8 couples has trouble getting pregnant due to a variety of factors, such as increasing maternal age. And that more than 100 million individuals worldwide suffer from infertility. Given the improving access to treatments, increasing patient awareness, greater comfort discussing IVF, and increasing global disposable income, this industry should grow nicely for many years to come. Within our office and surgical unit, we grew 3%. Medical devices performed well, growing 20%, led by our portfolio of uterine manipulators, several of our surgical devices, and our next-generation [Indiscernible] advanced product line.  Meanwhile, PARAGARD declined 17% largely as forecasted, due to buy-in activity from last quarter's price increase. Having said that, similar to what we've seen from the general IUD market, the performance was soft, likely due to COVID staffing challenges. Lastly, for CooperSurgical, we recently announced an agreement to acquire Generate Life Sciences for $1.6 billion. Many of you may know this Company as a cord blood storage business, but they've done a phenomenal job expanding over the years and this business is now a great strategic fit for CooperSurgical as they're a leader in donor egg and sperm and cryo preservation services for fertility treatments, as well as being a leader in cord blood and cord tissue storage, which is an excellent fit with our Labor and Delivery group. We have an investor presentation on our website that summarizes the deal, but let me provide some additional color. Roughly 1/3 of the business is infertility, which we estimate will grow 5% to 10% long-term, supported by general industry growth.  Meanwhile, combining generates offerings with our existing portfolio, allows us to leverage our infrastructure, launch new products, and go international to accelerate growth beyond this range. 2/3 of the business is in core blood and core tissue storage, which we expect to grow 3% to 5% long-term. This is driven by increasing demand for core tissue stem cells due to optimism around the significant number of clinical trials using these stem cells for regenerative medicine. Consolidated, this business offers long-term sustainable growth of 4% to 6%, and we believe there are opportunities to push that range higher, with potential revenue synergies as we leverage our expertise. To finish, let me make a few comments on fiscal 2022. Introducing the annual guidance in today's world is a challenge given COVID uncertainties. Regardless, our organic revenue growth is strong and we expect that to continue. We're investing in product launches and we're doing that intelligently by leveraging our operations to ensure we receive strong returns. I believe CooperVision is the most innovative Company in the contact lens space today, with leading products in myopia management and the broadest product offerings in the market. And CooperSurgical is in an extremely exciting position led by our Fertility business. As a Company, we remain on a steady upward trend and we see that continuing for fiscal 2022 and many years beyond. And with that, I will turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Andrews: Thank you, Al. And good afternoon, everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to our earnings release for a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. Fourth quarter consolidated revenues increased 11% year-over-year, and also 11% in constant currency, to $759 million. Consolidated gross margin decreased year-over-year by 20 basis points to 67.5%, driven primarily by currency, partially offset by lower manufacturing costs at CooperVision. Operating expenses grew 16% as strategic investments in sales and marketing to support Myopia Management and Fertility continued. Within this, we did see slightly higher than initially forecasted investments for SightGlass Vision and MiSight in China, along with elevated distribution costs, tied to higher demand of direct shipments. Consolidated operating margins were 24.9%, down from 26.8% last year. Interest expense was $5 million on lower average debt and the effective tax rate was 10.3%, helped by stock option exercises in the quarter. Non-GAAP EPS was $3.28, with roughly 49.9 million average shares outstanding.  FX negatively impacted us and was roughly $0.05 worse than expected when we gave guidance last quarter. Free cash flow was solid at $110 million, comprised of $175 million of operating cash flow offset by $65 million of CapEx. Net debt decreased to $1.4 billion and our adjusted leverage ratio improved to 1.38x. Moving to 2022 guidance and excluding the recently-announced Generate Life Sciences acquisition, consolidated revenues are expected to be in the range of $3.032 billion to $3.090 billion, up 6% to 8% in constant currency, with CooperVision revenues between $2.225 billion and $2.267 billion, up 6% to 8% in constant currency, and CooperSurgical revenues between $807 million and $823 million, up 6% to 8% in constant currency. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to range from $13.60 to $14, up 9.5% to 12.5% in constant currency and the tax rate is expected to be around 13%. At the midpoints of guidance, this equates to constant currency revenue growth of roughly 7% and constant currency EPS growth of roughly 11%. Regarding currency on a year-over-year basis, we're expecting an FX headwind of roughly 2.5% on revenues and 7% on EPS.  This impact will be most detrimental in Q1 where we're expecting EPS in the $3 to $3.10 range. Before opening the call to questions, let me touch on the Generate Life Sciences acquisition that we announced on November 10th. As of today, we're optimistic we'll close in the next couple of weeks, which will give us roughly 10.5 months of their operations in our fiscal 2022. Having said that, we're still waiting for final regulatory approvals, so we're not providing specific guidance today. In the meantime, let me walk you through the deal accretion that we expect. As previously announced, Generate has roughly $250 million in trailing 12-month revenue. Gross margins are expected to be roughly 70% and OpEx is expected to be elevated in year 1, as synergies are expected to be minimal as we integrate and invest in the business. As we are now closer to securing permanent financing for this transaction, we are updating our year 1 non-GAAP EPS accretion estimate to around $0.50 and would add that we expect this accretion to improve in year 2 with synergies.  In summary, we're pleased with how we closed this fiscal year and as we look forward into 2022 and beyond, we continue to believe our strategic investments will drive top-line momentum supporting share gains in both businesses and long-term sustainable earnings growth. And with that, I'll hand it back to the Operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Brackmann of William Blair. Your line is open.
Andrew Brackmann: Hi, guys. Good afternoon, and thanks for taking the questions. Appreciate all the color on the guidance and the forward outlook. Maybe just to start here on the Generate business that you are going to be acquiring here shortly. Now, this is the first call that you've had, sort of post announcement. So maybe just from a strategic standpoint, Al, can you just talk about how this messes with your current offering, how you're going to mess these commercial organizations that you have? And then just broadly, Generate had a nice DTC marketing angle. Anything that you guys can do there to maybe expand that capability on your fertility side right now? Thanks.
Al White: Sure. Yeah. Happy to be talking about this. I know we made the announcement and it was frustrating for many of you, and absolutely frustrating for me, to not be talking about it on a deal that I'm pretty passionate about. Yes, this is a great deal for us. It's a great set. You're talking about a 1/3 of this business, it's in fertility. We, as you know, have a great position in the fertility industry. Adding the donor piece of it to our existing product is just -- it's one more thing that allows us to walk into a fertility clinic and offer a full suite of product side. I'm really excited about how that's going to roll in. And when I think about our ability to leverage that with our existing sales people and our ability to leverage that with our existing relationships with fertility clinics in the U.S. and outside of the U.S. I get pretty excited about that. You've got a fertility business that's growing 5% to 10% at least, as you can see by the reported numbers. This part of the industry is growing along with that -- has been so I do think that we're going to be able to accelerate that growth when I think of some of the new products that we're going to be able to launch in that space and then with some of the leverage we have.  So kind of a slam dunk fit, if you will, in the fertility side of things. And that's not even touching on the cryo preservation, which is a perfect fit. If you look at the other piece of it, about 2/3 of that business is on the storage side for cord blood and cord tissue. That's been around for a long time and many people on the phone know about that. Anyone who has kit -- kids probably knows about that. That space has gotten a little bit more exciting recently because of the cord tissue, the stem cells are used for regenerative medicine. There's a ton of clinical studies that are going on right now, well over 1,000. So you've seen an increasing interest in storage of cord tissue. So that's kind of exciting. I mean, they have a relatively small sales force handle on that. We've a great team that's calling on OB-GYNs around the U.S., 100 people or so. So we are going to be able to take that messaging directly to the OB-GYN.  And you touched on the DTC side of things, and that's great, right? DTC is certainly fine, but the medical professional drives a lot of the decision-making here. Our ability to bring that in, first time that you're actually going to have a Company own one of these businesses, who's calling directly on OB-GYNs with a great relationships, I think we're going to be able to add some real value there. So excited about both pieces of that.
Andrew Brackmann: Great. Thanks for all that color. Maybe just to switch gears here a little bit, on the margin side, so 70% gross margins for Generate, can you just talk about how this might be accretive on the operating margin side? I know you guys have talked about expanding total Cooper margins to 30% range or so over time. It doesn't look like that's going to be this year, but can you talk about how this plays into that longer-term goal of around 30%?
Al White: Sure. Yes, and that continues to be an objective. As you know, and Brian touched on, currency is a fairly decent negative to us this year, so that's causing us to take a step back, from an as-reported perspective but not from a constant-currency perspective. Yeah, good gross margins on the Generate business, 70% or so fits in really well. Now, this first year buying this, we'll be a little careful on the integration activity. They had acquired a business this past summer that took them into Australia and Canada. We need to roll this business into our operations. We need to take care of everything we respect from IT to customer service and a variety of other thing s, so not anticipating a lot of leverage in the first year. But then, we will roll it in and then through the year we will, we will get leverage from this business. Now, the question mark on it ends up really being when you look at the $0.50, is more around the interest expense. We're not going to get into the OpEx at this point in time and interest expense because: 1. We haven't closed Generate yet, 2. We haven't closed the permanent financing for it yet. So when we do, we can supply a little bit more color, but suffice it to say that long term, this will be accretive, if you will, to Company wide gross margins and help us get to that 30%.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question, from the line of Larry Biegelsen. Your line is open.
Larry Biegelsen: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question and congrats on a nice quarter, Al.
Al White: Yeah.
Larry Biegelsen: A couple from me just on myopia management for fiscal 2022. That 100 million, I know you're not giving MiSight guidance anymore, but help us think about the components of that. And I'm particularly interested to hear how you're thinking about the contribution from China. I think we all see how many pairs of Stellus' SLR is selling per day in China, over 2,000 per day now. What do you think -- what percent of that -- how should we think about the ramp of MiSight in China relative to what they did with Stellus? We've heard things like maybe it could be a 1/3 or so which would still be pretty strong. And then I had a follow-up.
Al White: You're right. I mean, China is really exciting. We have a strong relationship obviously with Epsilor. Epsilor distributes our primary ortho-k products in China. Now, we have the exclusive distribution with them for MiSight, we did the soft launch already there. We are in a really good position with them. We're hitting on all cylinders, if you will, early here in China. You talked about the last, which is their glasses that they're selling into China right now and doing really well with. The Chinese government has said publicly that, addressing myopia is a very significant concern as ours, so they're taking it seriously. These glasses or contact lenses are sold through the hospitals. So I mean, it's something that can move fairly quickly and can be very successful. I won't necessarily break the dollars down in our expectations, but we definitely have high hopes for a lot of success in China. When I look at that $100 million mark, we've talked about that in the past, we still stand by that. You know my opinion on MiSight.  I think we're going to have a lot of success now. It's going to depend on China, how successful that is this year. But at the same time, we're seeing success in China with our ortho-k products. So I'm happy about that and maybe even a little bit more success than I was thinking about it. A few different moving parts there and I wouldn't discount SightGlass. I mean, that's a product that's -- we just launched -- co-launched I should say with Essilor in Europe. As you said, Stellest is doing really well. We'll bring SightGlass into China here at some point in time. So a lot of different moving parts in there that are going to drive that $100 million.
Larry Biegelsen: That's helpful. For my follow-up, Al. Obviously, we all see the inflationary pressures. How are you thinking about your ability, at least in CooperVision, to take price in fiscal 2022? What are you assuming in the guidance? We have heard that your competitors are taking over 4% in 2022, which is a little bit above average. How are you thinking about price in '22? Thanks.
Al White: I don't want to get into the particular or a specific number right now, but we will be taking price. So that's coming. You're seeing the inflationary pressures and so forth out there. We're in a great industry on both sides of our business, within contact lenses. It's a good industry and higher pricing is warranted on an annual basis. This year you have inflationary pressures and shipping and everything else that goes along with it. So yes, we'll be taking price higher. I'll just -- I'll stay away from giving a number at this point in time, but you'll see it at some point in the near future.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Matthew Mishan of KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Matthew Mishan: Hey. Great. Thanks for taking the questions. Hey, Al. I'm just trying to understand your thoughts around starting at 6% to 8% with the CVI guidance. That's where you were starting point for 2018 and 2019, but now you have myopia control portfolio as an extra lever, you have some easier comps especially in the first quarter, and from what you just said, you have some price increases also helping you out as a potential tailwind there. How are you thinking about that 6% to 8% starting point?
Al White: I'll answer as easy as one word, COVID. That's it. Right? So if you want to think that 6 to 8 is conservative, I'm not going to argue with you on that. But I'm also not sure what's going to happen with COVID and some of the variance out there. So you have to try to factor that in a little bit, it's only prudent when you're giving annual guidance in a period like we're in today to try to build in a little bit of conservatism, if you will, for that.
Matthew Mishan: Okay. I think that's fair enough. And then on the EPS side, when you think about the year-over-year walk -- I think you said 11% constant currency EPS growth, if I'm not mistaken at the midpoint. We can all walk that down to what the FX impact was you gave to begin with. But what -- how should we think about the impact of year-over-year on increased investments that you're making and tax on EPS?
Al White: Yeah. Tax, we have going up a little bit because it was in the low 11s going to 13. So obviously, if you excluded tax, our profit growth would be better. If you kind of look it, kind of leverage through the P&L, I guess, I'd probably just do it at a high level and say if I wanted to midpoint of guidance, that 7% is the midpoint of revenue guidance in constant currency. And the midpoint of EPS guidance is 11%. And that includes hurdling the tax that we talked about. So that's your leverage right there. I've talked in the past about how we have a business where we can lever this business. We've invested a lot in Myopia Management; we're going to continue to invest there, and, frankly, we're investing in Vision more aggressively in a number of different areas which we started this past quarter with some sales force expansion in several markets. So a lot of investments going into Vision right now: sales force, product launches, MyDay multifocal, super excited about that, SightGlass, a lot of different areas. We're doing all those investments and we're still talking about 7% and 11% leverage through the P&L. So I feel pretty good about that and that, again, hurdles the tax increase.
Operator: Thank you. Next question from the line of Jeff Johnson of Baird. Your line is open.
Jeff Johnson: Hi guys, good evening. Al, maybe another pricing question, not just on the cord portfolio, but MiSight. When we go out and talk to a lot of these doc, it just seems like everybody is really excited about the technology, wants to be pushing this into more and more patients. But that $750 wholesale price or selling price, however you want to look at it, it's a big hurdle, especially if you guys want to put $500 in professional fees or something on top of that, or in some cases, even more or so. How comfortable are you with that 750? If you did $19 million in MiSight revenue even if you didn't get a haircut the per box price by a good amount to where we push penetration, you probably make that up within a year or two or maybe faster. So I think just -- what do you think on that, that wholesale price that is, pretty high right now?
Al White: Yeah, that's a great question, Jeff. And we're talking about that internally right now. We wanted to get through year-end here, where we had a good comp, especially in the U.S. against last year, where you remember we gave a lot of the lenses away for free. So we are looking at that, we are doing some sensitivity on that, to your point, right? Cap price. But you sell more product and does that make up for it. So we're kind of evaluating that, if you will, right now. Having said that, the number 1 pushback by far is definitely not price, right? That's on the list, but it's not number 1. It continues to be the staffing concerns and it fit concerns. And the amount of time it takes to talk to the parents, talk to the kids, get the kids in it, it's just a longer process than what we initially thought. We're still seeing a situation where we're getting there and we're converting a ton of the patients, but it's taking 6 months, 9 months, something like that, 12 months. The kid has to come in again.  The parents -- the ECP explains that they have myopia, what it means, how it's progressing, the parent doesn't want to pay, to your point, or they don't want -- they're concerned about putting their kids in contact lenses, so they delay the decision and then they come back in and the ECP explains that their child's eyesight's worse and it's going to continue to get worse. That's when the sale actually happens. The actual sell which, frankly, I thought was going to happen a little bit quicker, obviously, when I put the numbers out there in the uptake, it's still happening, it's just a little bit more delayed. I think pricing is a component of it, but just better fit activities is going to drive it also.
Jeff Johnson: Yeah. That's helpful. And then maybe as a follow -- up just [Indiscernible] around that 4 to 6 market and 6 to 8 per CDI. 1. If I take out the myopia, the $35 million incremental there on constant currency basis, that's about a point and-a - half -- a little north of a point and-a - half. So let's say you're talking about your core portfolio in the 4s -- the 4.5 to 6.5. You're kind of saying, we think we are going to be about in line with the market. Historically, you've been nicely above market. Is that conservatism? Is that, again, just COVID? Is that competitive launches? So 1 there and the 4% to 6% market assumption you're going with, does that include a step up in pricing you think for the whole industry this year and do you think it's 4 to 6 [Indiscernible] people do take 3, 4 price instead of historically 1 or 2 price. There's some upside to that 4 to 6 market. Thanks.
Al White: Yeah, I think you do have pricing in there. You could certainly make an argument that the 4 to 6 could be a little bit lower because you do have, obviously, the COVID concerns, you have everything else that's going on in the marketplace in different markets around the world. Sitting here today, I think that we'll end up in that 4 to 6 range with the pricing, with some pricing in there. I think we'll take market share. I'd be really surprised if we don't take market share on a core, on a like-to-like basis, if you will. Myopia management --our myopia management portfolio will add that, obviously, and ensure, if you will, that we're above market growth. But on a like-to-like basis, I think we'll take share. I'm not sure it will be a lot of share, but it will be -- I'll be really surprised if there's no share. There are some other good competitive launches and stuff going on out there, so I don't want to necessarily get ahead of ourselves, but based on the strength I'm seeing with some key accounts and so forth, especially in Europe and Asia Pac, we'll take share. I think the degree of share gains for us on a core portfolio basis, meaning on a like-to-like basis, will certainly be tied to some geographies. If Asia Pac continues to come back and places like Japan where we're really well-positioned right now, we would stretch our share gains.
Operator: Thank you. Next question from the line of Jon Block of Stifel. Your line is open.
Jon Block: Hey guys, good afternoon. Brian, maybe the first one for you. Just any color on other parts of the P&L for '22 to Alice prior point. There seems to be some applied leverage in the model when we think about things, especially after taking into consideration the higher tax rate. But how about just the moving parts? Is it a little bit of gross margin expansion? But think about OpEx as a percent of revenue, maybe flattish because you guys have flagged and called out some ongoing investments.
Brian Andrews: Well, first of all, Jon, thank you very much for the question. I don't think I've got a question that comp. Happy to take one today. So, as it relates to guidance, gross margins and operating margins, when you take out -- when you start in the midpoint of our guidance, gross margin's on a constant currency basis will be up year-over-year and operating margins will be up even more year-over-year. So when Al was talking about the leverage and we were talking about hurdling some inflationary pressures like wages and freight and other higher cost. And then also having these continued investment activity in growth areas like myopia and fertility, we're levering -- we're getting leverage from the P&L or from higher revenues, and that's showing up in operating margins. So I would expect the operating margins to be up nicely year-over-year.
Jon Block: Got it. Got it. And I'll equally weigh my questions. The next one, just, Al, on the fertility side, over the past handful of years, we've seen a lot of fertility deals, obviously smaller than generated, but now you've done Generate, or are about to do Generate. In your opinion, does this fully build that out, the fertility part of the business? Does it complete the puzzle, so to say? And then maybe to just a tack on CSI, Paragard did miss our number. I know there are some moving parts due to the price last quarter and the buy-ahead, but maybe exiting fiscal '21, do you feel like inventory's in a good place due to the buy-in on the Paragard side of things? Thanks.
Al White: Yeah. On Fertility, I love that space. It's a great industry. It's growing; it's got all kinds of potential. Interestingly, it's still relatively fragmented and there's different players in different markets around the world, some sizable players in different markets around the world and different areas of fertility. So I think that Generate was a good example, one that came out and is a nice addition for us. We'll see. We certainly have a great fertility franchise right now, and a lot of opportunities to grow and grow in excess of the market rates. But if we could find other transactions to kind of fit in there that could make sense from a geographic expansion perspective, that type of thing, we would certainly evaluate those. If I look at Paragard, it's funny that within our medical device space, probably similar to a lot of companies that you follow, we did see some softness in September that's for sure. We even saw some softness in October. I was pleasantly surprised with how our core medical device products held up during that time. Some of them hold up naturally, because they're tied to childbirth and so forth.  But even the elective procedure products held up okay and we had a decent October, that was not the case as much for PARAGARD. Now, I don't think PARAGARD is unique. When I look at the IUD market in general and you look at the other products out there, those were -- have also been soft. So I'm not sure how to really fine tune that down to the point of an individual product, but I do think that some of the staffing restrictions and so forth that are out there are causing problems with IUDs and some other products. Frankly, I think you're going to continue to have a few of those struggles even in our fiscal Q1, to be honest with you, because you're still seeing some of those staffing challenges and so forth out there on the medical side of things, we don't see that really on the contact lens side, but we certainly see it on the med device side of things and Paragard is caught up in that. Now, I don't think it's doing any worse by the way, just to be clear, with respect to the IUD market. It's in-line or maybe even doing a little bit better, but that part of the market has been hit.
Operator: Thank you. Next question from the line of Jason Bednar of Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Jason Bednar: Hey, good afternoon, and thanks for taking the questions here. One on Generate Life and one on MiSight for me. Al, starting on Generate Life, totally appreciate the strategic merits for the transaction, but this asset does clearly come with a little bit of a checkered past, has a big price tag, $1.26 billion, largest in your history. I guess the question is, what made this the right transaction for you right now over maybe some other faster-growing assets that you've been -- maybe we're looking at? And then, can you also talk about how you expect GLS to operate more effectively under the CSI umbrella, then maybe some of the pieces did prior to maybe private equity ownership?
Al White: One of the things that's going to make it more effective for us and one of the things that's exciting for us is the size of our business. We just have a very large fertility business and we have a large OB-GYN business and some great products specifically within the OB space. So we're talking to those professionals, we know those professionals really well. One of the challenges you have when you're a Company like Generate, is you're seeing a lot of your success come from like direct-to-consumer activities, that type of thing. It's more DTC and not direct to the professional. We're known as kind of a high-quality educational shop within the CooperSurgical, within the OB-GYN space, and within the fertility space. If you look at the training we do, there's just extensive training and knowledge, communication, and so forth, that we do with medical professionals in that side of things. That's not something that Generate has really been able to take advantage of because they just didn't have the size to be able to do that. When you take their business and combine it with our strengths, that 1+1 is a 3.  That's what's so cool about this. Yeah, this opportunity came up. I've been following it, frankly, for a long time. When it was a cord blood storage business, that was a little bit of a different story. As you fast forward to where it is today, and you think about things like regenerative medicine and what's going on over 1,000 clinicals in process on that, who is able to talk to the obstetricians about that? Who's able to speak to the fertility clinics of the value of that and those clinical studies and so forth. We are. We have the professionals already in there talking to them and doing training and so forth. So I really think we can add a lot of value there. Frankly, at the end of the day deals come up when deals come up when opportunities are available. I've been looking at this thing for many, many years. I was happy to see it come up and I was happy to see us get the opportunity to win this business. So to me, I look at it as it's a big deal and it is a big deal for us. It's an important deal for us. But when you find something that's a great strategic fit, that's growing mid-single-digits and you think that you're going to be able to enhance that growth, you look at those opportunities, you take advantage of them, especially on something that's going to throw some nice accretion to the bottom-line.
Jason Bednar: All right. That's great and very helpful. Maybe for the MiSight question, Cooper did have a representation today at the VHCPCS meeting lobbing for level 2 code for MiSight. Could you update us on where you're at with the reimbursement strategy for MiSight here in the U.S? And where securing this coding and associated payment would fit into the overall plan and how you're considering that maybe as an element of adjusting price points in the future just to maybe go back to Jeff's earlier question?
Al White: Yeah. Yeah. So right now, we have nothing in any assumptions regarding reimbursement. I mean, anything that we ever could get on that side of things could be -- is upside and could be material upside. But that's all I would say at this point in time. We're working on stuff, obviously. We're highly interested in that, and there's reasons for us to want that to be successful. But at the current state in the game, nothing factored in, no assumptions made around that. We'll see how that plays out. And I hope at some point in time in the future to be able to give you that good news.
Operator: The next question from the line of Joanne Wuensch of Citibank, your line is open.
Joanne Wuensch: Thank you, and good evening. I appreciate the color on the sale process for MiSight. Can we shift to the other side of that, which is the training process for physicians. Is there a way to quantify how many physicians have been trained, others that have been trained, which ones start integrating it into their practice?
Al White: I don't have that number on me. It's significant because it's continued to grow. There's a lot of ECP's trained on it right now. I would say the more important takeaway probably from that, Joanne, is if I had to do it over again, how would I go about that over again? Because a lot of these ECPs are getting trained, they're fully certified, they go back into their practice, they're excited about it. Maybe they don't have a lot of kids coming in, a lot of volume, and it ends up falling onto the -- it falls in the back seat, so to speak, because they're dealing with staffing challenges, they're dealing with patients that they're trying to pass through that are easier to fit and sell too. What we are seeing is that once you get the ECP trained and excited about it, and you have a myopia specialist, which we have now, we fully staffed up our myopia management specialists around the world, when you have that myopia management specialist talking to them and working with them and answering their questions as it comes up about how to sell, how to fit, how to charge for it, and so forth, we are dramatically more successful.  That's the key. It's ended up not being so much like, how many do you have? It's how many do you have combined with how many are you working with and helping. Once they fit a few kids and get rolling, it's like a snowball going downhill. Okay. Now, I'm comfortable with it. I'm comfortable fitting children, talking to parents. I'm going to do this for every child that walks in the door. Every single child, I'm going to talk to them about this because I've got the process down, I understand how to do it, I understand how to sell it. So that ends up being the key. And some of these newer markets that we're going into right now, we're having a lot more success, a lot faster because we've learned so much over the last couple of years about how to successfully transition someone from the training to the actual selling of the product.
Joanne Wuensch: It's really helpful. Can I ask a very boring question? FX in the first quarter, can you quantify revenue and EPS impact?
Brian Andrews: Yeah, I'm not going to quantify it. Obviously, it's by far the biggest impact for FX. Relative to all the other quarters in the year, it's a double-digit headwind to EPS in the first quarter, and cost of goods is also the worst -- were hit the worst in cost of goods as well in the first quarter.
Al White: And you get the double whammy because you get the pound 6 months later flowing through bad in the revenues immediate hit. Yeah.
Brian Andrews: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Next question from the line of Anthony Petrone of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Anthony Petrone: Thank you. A couple on MiSight and one on GLS. On MiSight, we've had calls where we've heard that the attach rate and the stickiness going into next year is going to be quite high. Just thinking about the existing ECPs that have already implanted patients this year and fitted patients this year, do you expect the attach rate to be like a traditional contact lens? And then in terms of just the effectiveness, you mentioned the clinical data, Al, we've heard that, and in some cases, they've actually slowed progression by almost half and so they have seen some good effectiveness in controlling the progression of myopia. Those will be the first two on MiSight and I'll have a follow-up on GLS.
Al White: Certainly, there's no question the product's working in the marketplace. If you go and look at the success rate, it is reducing the progression of myopia for children at a fairly high level. On average 59%. There are a number of kids who their myopia progression essentially stops entirely, which is amazing. Can you imagine that? But that definitely happens and we have many instances of eye care professionals telling us that. That's really fantastic. Their retainage rate, if you will, on those sales is really high. It's somewhere 85%, 90% or so. There's still kids who are non - responders to MiSight. You give them the lens, they wear the lens, we've seen that in the clinical data and we see it in a real world application where some kids, for whatever reason, continue to have their myopia progress at the same rate. I mentioned last call we have a lot of clinical work going on; we have 8 products in R&D right now specifically associated with this and some of those are addressing the non - responders right now, so that we can come out with some additional products to try to address everybody. But yes, it's something like 9 in 10 kids are staying in the product. It's pretty high level of retainage.
Anthony Petrone: And then just a follow-up on GLS, you mentioned Al just the opportunity on drug development, a few thousand trials. I'm just -- and how does that play out for that business, just when you think about clinicals versus when these products go commercial? Like, how does that revenue opportunity sort of shape up? Thanks.
Al White: It's really interesting. There's enough clinicals out there and some of them are -- they're not Phase 1. I think the one on kidneys is an example. I think livers ' is like Stage 4. There's some real work being done there on the clinical side of things for regenerative medicine and the best stem cells to use are the cord tissue stem cells. You don't have to use those, but those are the best. And just so everyone's aware, those are different stem cells between the cord blood, that we've always heard about when we've had kids over the years, to the stem cells with cord tissue. There are legitimate clinicals going on out there that are showing a lot of potential for success. So there's definitely more interest in that. When we were doing our diligence and our work, we actually did a bunch of survey work, asking people about that, asking women who just had children, who are currently pregnant, "Are you going to store your cord tissue? " And the rates were pretty low. Then when we took them through the clinical side of things, if you will, and said, "Hey, this is what's going on with regenerative medicine.  There's no guarantees here, but this is what's going on. " The desire to store their cord tissue went to almost 100%. So I think a bunch of it is education. If you try to sell that on a DTC basis, you're going to have a hard time. If you're talking to medical professionals and there's people out there, and this does not have to be an OB-GYN, right? This could be an oncologist, this could be some sort of sports injury professional. There's all kinds of things you could use regenerative medicine for. So you're saying hey, doc, and there is no promises here. But there's a lot of really, really strong clinical work going on, much more so than there is the stem cells associated with cord blood. So some good exciting stuff going on there. We'll see how it plays out. But I think there's some opportunity to increase the storage there just in case, if you will.
Operator: Thank you. Next question from the line of Robbie Marcus of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Robbie Marcus: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. 2 for me. First, you guys, I believe spent $25 million in 2020 incremental on MiSight marketing. Do you have that number for 2021? And what you're expecting in 2022? And I guess it's probably more better to be inclusive of more of the new product launches.
Al White: No, we don't, Rob, just because that whole thing has mushed itself together, if you will, under -- so it's not just MiSight, it's all together under myopia management and we just -- we stopped breaking that number out and separating it. It was a decent number, that's for sure, this year. We had some pretty decent investments going out in Q4 and it'll be a sizable number this year. Having said that, we actually get leverage on it year-over-year, meaning that's part of the reason you're seeing leverage. We put a pretty good infrastructure in place this year, so we're able to start to leverage that a little bit in terms of comparing year-over-year when it comes to our myopia management investments.
Robbie Marcus: Got it. And maybe as a follow-up. I think it'd be helpful if you maybe run through just your thought process on M&A and capital allocation. The Generate deal is growth dilutive to the overall business, accretive to CSI, but diluted to the overall business. So maybe just how you're thinking about deals, how you think about growth rates versus return on invested capital, what kind of metrics you're looking at, and how you're thinking about priorities for cash going forward? Thanks.
Al White: Yeah. I certainly, personally, do not believe that the Generate deal is going to be diluted to our consolidated growth rate, just to be clear. I do think that it's based on their history and based on where I see the market going, that's probably a 4% to 6% grower, and that's what we talked about, but we have multiple areas to drive that growth rate higher. We have some new products that we're already talking about right now that we're going to be launching, and we have other forms of revenue synergies coming from our sales forces and then international expansion also, where there's some faster growth rates out there. I am optimistic about our ability to drive growth. Now, it's pretty close right now. 4% to 6% is not bad, that's for sure, especially on a annuity sale and very high cash flow product with strong margin. That's the other side of this because at the end of the day, we still look at this stuff and say, "Okay. Well, what makes sense from an acquisition perspective? "  We have a tendency to really focus on traditional discounted cash flow models. We're very curious, and we focus on that and we try to be very intensive about the numbers that are going in that, ensure we're getting a sufficient return on that. We do that a little bit more than we would do like ROIC and some of that kind of stuff because of the nature of our business, right? Strong cash flow, growth business, so on and so forth. So the other thing I would add on that, is strategic deals. I've talked about that in the past. If we could find strategic acquisitions that meet the financial metrics that can drive value in this business, then we're going to look at doing those kind of deals. And this one kind of checks all those boxes.
Operator: Thank you. Next question from the line of Rob Cottrell of Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Rob Cottrell: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. Just first on the first quarter guidance, understand the FX headwind and the $3 to $3.10 EPS. But wondering if you've seen any change in top-line trends here in November, just given the fourth wave in Europe or any other change in momentum in either business?
Al White: No. November was a good month.
Rob Cottrell: Okay. I guess more strategically then, Al, in the past, you've talked about not wanting to change investment pacing or strategy given FX headwinds. Clearly right now with a 7-point headwinds next year, it's materially worse than it has been in the past, does that change your thinking at all around managing costs into next year?
Al White: No, it frustrates me. Brian said gross margins would be up year-over-year on a constant currency basis, and our guidance shows that on an as-reported basis, those gross margins are going to be down year-over-year, so that frustrates me. And when I look at operating margins and we talk about getting to 30%, we'd be having a nice positive move in operating margins if currency held true. Having said that, we're still running a business that's a long-term business. We're looking at 5 years, 10 years long-term growth and doing what makes sense to drive long-term growth. I want sustainable mid upper single-digit growth as a Company with margin expansion. We can't jerk the business around because of FX. And I'm not going to play the game where FX is good and then we're going to go invest a whole bunch, and then FX is bad and we're not. That's just not how we're going to run the business.
Rob Cottrell: Great. Thanks for the details.
Operator: Next question from the line of Chris Pasquale of Guggenheim. Your line is open.
Chris Pasquale: Thanks. Al, I wanted to follow up on your comment about driving growth from the Generate assets above that mid-single-digits you get to if you just look at the business today. And in particular, how we should think about the opportunity for geographic expansion. I would think that distance from the patients to the facility might be a factor when you're talking about something like cryo preservation. So are you going to have to invest in building new storage facilities to get into new markets, and how should we think about the CapEx requirements of this business? Because historically, CSI has not had a lot of CapEx associated with it.
Al White: Yes. The CapEx is really low in this business. The storage tanks and so forth are cheap. So at the end of the day, you have to have everything else that goes along with a really high quality control systems, security systems, all that kind of stuff. But the actual CapEx itself is not high. When you look at the international expansion opportunities, let's go to fertility because that's one I would really highlight. A lot of that gets done with the fertility clinic. You're -- you're teaming up with the fertility clinic. Because when you're talking about donor eggs and donor sperm, that's usually a fairly quick transaction. Unlike the traditional stores like, we'll obviously do permanent storage of eggs and sperm, that type of thing, but a lot of that activity aligns itself directly with fertility clinics. And you're using the fertility clinics and working with them, their operations, so you just don't get a situation where you have significant CapEx. It's low CapEx. It's really high cash flow in that business.
Chris Pasquale: Okay. That's helpful. And then, Brian, I will give you another at-bat here, too. We saw CapEx for the core business here come down by about $100 million this past year. Can it go lower in 2022? How should we be thinking about the CapEx requirements of the existing Cooper business? And is this low 200s now a good run rate going forward, or do you have more potential to drive that down?
Brian Andrews: Thanks, Chris. I appreciate the question. I know we've given CapEx over the years. And as you know, CapEx is a moving target. It's always based on timing of projects and milestones, and lead time, which getting longer capacity needs demand, things like that. Rather than getting into that level of detail, whatever it is, we'll cover it. I've mentioned we'll do around $600 million of free cash flow in 2022, which is nice increase over '21. So operating cash flow will be strong and therefore free cash flow will be strong again in '22.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call over to Al White. Please continue.
Al White: Great. Fantastic. Well, thank you, everyone. I appreciate you taking the time for the call and obviously we're happy to announce the numbers and we're pretty positive about where we stand as a business. We look forward to continuing to produce here and speak to everyone in early March, when we do our next earnings call. Thank you. Thank you, Operator.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes today's conference. Thank you everyone for participating. You may now all disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-09-02 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2021 Cooper Companies Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's program is being recorded. I'd now like to introduce your host for today's program, Kim Duncan, Vice President, Investor Relations and Risk Management. Please go ahead.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Cooper Companies third quarter 2021 earnings conference call. During today's call, we will discuss the results and guidance included in the earnings release and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Al White, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Andrews, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market or regulatory conditions and integration of any acquisitions or their failure to achieve anticipated benefits. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption forward-looking statements in today's earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including Cooper's 10-K and Form 10-Q filings, all of which are available on our website at coopercos.com. Should you have any additional questions following the call, please call our investor line at 925-460-3663 or e-mail ir@cooperco.com. And now, I'll turn the call over to Al for his opening remarks.
Al White: Thank you, Kim, and welcome everyone to Cooper Companies fiscal third quarter conference call and pleased to report another very strong quarter with record revenues and at CooperVision and CooperSurgical driving record earnings and robust free cash flow. CooperVision's growth was broad based and led by our daily silicone hydrogel portfolio of lenses and a solid rebound in EMEA. While our myopia management products also performed really well. And of course, we received the exciting news about regulatory approvals for MiSight in China. CooperSurgical continued posting great results led by fertility and a nice bump in PARAGARD, helped by buying activity from a price increase. Moving forward, we expect core operational strength to continue driving strong performance even with challenges from COVID and currency. With this expectation and the opportunities we're seeing in myopia management, daily silicones and fertility, we've increased our constant currency revenue guidance for both CooperVision and CooperSurgical and we'll maintain our investment activity to capitalize on the potential for incremental share gains as we move towards fiscal 2022. Moving to third quarter results and reporting all percentages on a constant currency basis, consolidated revenues were 763 million with CooperVision at 558 million up 20% and CooperSurgical at 206 million up 58%. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $3.41. For CooperVision, our daily silicone hydrogel portfolio led the way with all three regions posting strong growth, particular strength was noted in our daily toric franchises, the daily spheres and multifocals also performed well. And in a great sign, we've seen a nice uptick in Fits Data for MyDay and clariti, which bodes well for share gains and future growth. Within the regions, the Americas grew 16% led by MyDay and clariti and continued improvement in patient flow. EMEA grew a healthy 24% as consumer activity returned in the region and we took share. We're number one in EMEA and we're seeing the benefits of increasing patient flow. So we'll continue investing to support the reopening activity happening in many of the European markets. Asia Pac grew 18% led by a slow but steady improvement in consumer activity. For us a significant portion of Asia Pac is driven by Japan. And although consumer activity remains somewhat muted, we're performing well and taking share and we're well positioned to capitalize on future opportunities given our recent product launches. Moving to category details, silicone hydrogel dailies grew 31% with MyDay and clariti both performing well. MyDay in particular continues taking share lead by strength in MyDay toric in all regions. For our FRP portfolio, Biofinity continued its solid performance led by Biofinity Energys and Biofinity toric multifocal. Regarding product expansions and launches, we remain very active. We're finishing the launch of clariti Sphere and the MyDay second base curve sphere in Japan. We're rolling out Biofinity toric multifocal in additional markets. We're rolling out an expanded torque range for MyDay giving it the broadest range of any daily toric in the world. And we're also completing the rollouts of extended toric ranges for clariti and Biofinity. We've also started pre-launch activity for MyDay multifocal with the launch -- with the full launch on target for the U.S. and other select markets in November. Feedback on this lens remains extremely positive, including from fitters, commenting that our OptiExpert fitting app has the highest fit success rate of any multifocal on the market. Recent data shows that over 90% of contact lens wearers over the age of 40 expect to continue wearing lenses, with the biggest challenge being finding a good multifocal. Given the feedback we've been receiving, we believe MyDay will be the best multifocal on the market. And combined with the fact that joining an already highly successful MyDay sphere and toric, we're very optimistic about its success. Moving to myopia management, our portfolio grew a robust 90% this quarter to 18 million, with MiSight up 187% to 5 million, and Ortho-K products up 68%. As a global leader in the myopia management space, our portfolio is the broadest in the industry comprised of MiSight, the only FDA approved myopia control product, our broad range of market leading Ortho-K lenses and our innovative SightGlass Vision glasses. We continue targeting 65 million in myopia management sales this year, including MiSight reaching 20 million. Regarding MiSight, there was a lot of positive activity this quarter as we continue capitalizing on our first mover advantage. We received regulatory approval in China and we're extremely excited about that opportunity. The approval requires lenses to be manufactured post approval. So we could quickly initiated production and packaging and plant a seed the market starting in early fiscal Q1 with a full launch in fiscal Q2 of next year. As part of this, we're immediately ramping up marketing efforts and working quickly to ensure the product is positioned for success. Myopia rates are very high in China, so the market potential is significant. As an example, it's estimated that over 80% of high school kids are myopic. So treating children at a younger age is of high importance in the country. Outside of China, we continue making great progress with our large retailers and buying groups. Our pilot programs are live and expanding. And we finally been able to resume in-person training in many markets, including in the U.S. We now have over 40,000 children wearing MiSight worldwide and that number is growing quickly. Additionally, the average age of a new MiSight wearer remains 11, so this treatment is bringing children into contact lenses at a much younger age. Lastly, on MiSight, we did see momentum pick up even more in August, including here in the U.S. So we're bullish for a strong Q4. Regarding our other myopia management products, we had a solid quarter for Ortho-K driven by our broad product portfolio and from the halo effect we're seeing with MiSight. And we continue making progress with our SightGlass myopia management glasses, preparing for several upcoming launches later this calendar year. We've also submitted our application to the FDA for approval for MiSight as a myopia management treatment and expect to receive initial feedback within a couple months. In the meantime, as the myopia management market continues developing, we're definitely seeing the value of offering multiple options to eye care professionals. So we look forward to expanding our offerings and availability. To wrap up on myopia management. Our innovation pipeline is very healthy with eight focused pipeline products. Our sales and marketing efforts are proving successful. And our focus on leading with clinical data and providing the best and broadest portfolio on the market has us in an excellent position for continued success. To conclude on vision, our business is doing really well. The back-to-school season is healthy, new fits are doing well and we're excited about our existing products and upcoming launches. On a longer term basis, the macro growth trends remain solid, with roughly 33% of the world being myopic today, and that number expected to increase to 50% by 2050. Given our robust product portfolio, new product launches, myopia management momentum and strong fit data, we're in great shape for long-term sustainable growth. Moving to CooperSurgical, this was an outstanding quarter with record revenues of 206 million. Fertility in particular continued to perform exceptionally well growing 72% year-over-year to 83 million. Strike was seen around the world and throughout the product portfolio including from consumables, capital equipment and genetic testing. Some areas of strength included growth in media, pipettes, needles, incubators and embryo transfer catheters, along with another very strong quarter from RI Witness, our proprietary automated lab-based management system that clinics implement to maximize safety and security by optimizing their lab practices. We're also benefiting from increased utilization of our artificial intelligence based genetic testing platform, which increases the doctor's ability to select the best embryos for transfer. Similar to last quarter, we're continuing to see COVID impact the market but share gains and improving patient flow in most countries are driving our results. Regarding the broader fertility market, the global landscape remains fragmented with significant geographic diversity and within addressable market opportunity of well over $1 billion and mid-to-upper single digit growth, this is a great market for us. It's estimated that one in eight couples in the U.S. has trouble getting pregnant due to a variety of factors, including increasing maternal age. And that more than 100 million individuals worldwide suffer from infertility. Given the improving access to fertility treatments, increasing patient awareness, greater comfort discussing IVF and increasing global disposable income. This industry should grow nicely for many years to come. So overall, in fertility our portfolio and market positioning are excellent. We remain in a great spot for future share gains with improving traction in key accounts. We're seeing continued reopening activity around the world, and the industry has great long-term macro growth drivers. For all these reasons, we remain very bullish on this part of our business. Within our office and surgical unit, we grew 50% with PARAGARD up 51% and office and surgical medical devices up 49%. For PARAGARD, we implemented a roughly 6% price increase towards the end of the quarter, which resulted in a buy-in of roughly $4 million. This will impact our Q4 performance that the price increases a long-term positive, noting with contracts and reimbursement timing, the price increase rolls in over the next couple of years. Within medical devices, several products performed well including Endosee Advance, our direct visualization system for evaluation of the endometrium, and our portfolio of uterine manipulators. To wrap up on CooperSurgical, this was another excellent quarter, and it was great to exceed 200 million in sales for the first time ever. Similar to CooperVision, we have powerful macro trends supporting our underlying growth and remain confident in our ability to continue delivering strong results. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Andrews: Thank you, Al, and good afternoon everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to our earnings release for a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. Third quarter consolidated revenues increased 32% year-over-year or 28% in constant currency to 763 million. Consolidated gross margin increased year-over-year to 68.3% up from 66.3%, with CooperVision posting higher margins driven by product mix and currency and CooperSurgical posting higher margins from product mix tied to the significant year-over-year growth in fertility and PARAGARD. OpEx grew 28% as sales increased with a rebound in revenues along with higher sales and marketing expenses associated with investments in areas such as myopia management. Consolidated operating margins were strong at 26.6% up from 23.2% last year. Interest expense was 5.6 million, and the effective tax rate was 13.5%. Non-GAAP EPS was $3.41, with roughly 49.8 million average shares outstanding. Free cash flow was very strong at 180 million comprised of 224 million of operating cash flow offset by 44 million of CapEx. Net debt decreased to 1.5 billion and our adjusted leverage ratio improved to 1.5x. Overall, this was a very strong quarter and we exceeded our financial performance expectations. Moving to guidance, we continue monitoring and evaluating the scope, duration and impact of COVID-19 and its variance. And while this remains a risk factor, our visibility is sufficient to provide the following update to our guidance. For the full fiscal year, we're increasing our constant currency guidance for both CooperVision and CooperSurgical and maintaining our non-GAAP EPS guidance. Specific to Q4, consolidated revenues are expected to range from 730 to 760 million up 7% to 11% in constant currency with CooperVision revenues between mean 540 and 560 million, up 6% to 10% in constant currency, and CooperSurgical revenues between 190 million and 200 million up 8.5% to 14% in constant currency. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to range from $3.24 to $3.44. To provide color on this guidance, currency moves since last quarter have reduced the benefit of the full year FX tailwind from 3% to 2.5% for revenues and 7% to 5% for EPS. With respect to Q4, this equates to reducing revenues by 10 million in CooperVision and 2 million at CooperSurgical and reducing EPS by $0.14. CooperVision is offsetting some of the impacts with expected strength in daily silicone and myopia management sales, while CooperSurgical is expecting continued strength, although incorporating the Q3 PARAGARD buy-in of $4 million and hopefully some conservatism regarding COVIDs impact on elective procedures. Consolidated gross margins for the fiscal year are expected to be around 68% with fiscal Q4 gross margins expected to be around 67.5% driven primarily by currency. Operating expenses are expected to be slightly lower sequentially but similar to fiscal Q3 on a percentage of sales basis, as we continue investing in multiple areas such as myopia management and fertility. Our Q4 tax rate is expected to be around 11%. And lastly, our free cash flow continues to improve and we're now expecting roughly 515 million for the full year. And with that, I'll hand it back to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Matt Mishan from KeyBanc.
Matt Mishan: On prior to COVID, I think you used to give early thoughts on the forward year on this conference call. And I just wondering if you would give any kind of thoughts around how we should think about FY 22 at this point, given these really strong quarters you're putting up?
Al White: Hey, Matt, good question. Always we thought about that. And I have certainly done that in the past. And I'd love to be able to do that. But I'm going to refrain from it just because of what's going on with COVID and the Delta variant and so forth. We're still kind of in that quarter-by-quarter phase to some degree. So once we hit December, we'll give full year guidance and give as much detail as we can at that point. But for now I'll kind of stay away from fiscal 2022.
Matt Mishan: Okay. And then, it also looks as if FX is impacting the fourth quarter versus original values, but also seems like your SG&A is running hotter, and you are investing a lot more in your growth or behind your growth drivers, which I think is a positive. But I guess my question is, when do we get to a point where will we see more leverage on the operating line? And then, how do you make sure in this environment you're hiring the right people give it how like the tight the labor environment is, and how difficult it is to find people?
Al White: Yes. Some good questions in there. The labor market is tight. You're seeing that around. We are pretty actively hiring right now. When I look at the areas of opportunity for us, we're obviously investing in myopia management. We're hiring around the world, myopia management specialists and so forth and putting dollars behind product launches which we have going on in a lot of markets around the world. It's a struggle on a few markets, because the COVID restrictions and so forth, but we're still establishing a presence in a lot of new markets and grow myopia management. I look at areas like fertility as another good example, we're investing around the world. We're doing our best to go out there and recruit top talent who's going to support the business for long-term growth and I feel good about our ability to continue to put up gains. The other area I'd mentioned is single use silicones. We're doing well there. We're gaining share there. We've got products in the marketplace and new products coming. So we're excited to invest kind of in that. When you look at operating leverage, I'd look at the two businesses a little bit differently. And maybe even you'd have to dig down, operating leverage for something like myopia management next year is when we start getting big enough. We should be in that 100 million range or so for our myopia management portfolio, you start getting to a point where you're starting to be able to leverage some of those investments, and then you do a better job of that right in the next couple of years. If you look at something like fertility as an example, I mean, great global business, nice growth, big opportunities, but still somewhat small. So it's hard to leverage that infrastructure, you're going to see the leverage from that come over the years as we continue to get bigger. But suffice it to say, you are summarizing that correctly, we are continuing to invest in the business. We are seeing share gains and opportunities for incremental share gains. So we're continuing to invest.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes in wine of Jason Bednar from Piper Sandler.
Jason Bednar: Al, if I could start just first on MiSight in China, appreciate the color there. But wondering if you could expand maybe on what the launch in this market looks like, beyond just some of the limited and full launch details, maybe how many doctors you're expecting to or planning to train. And really how you're thinking about servicing them this market. And on that note, you already used SLR for your Ortho-K distribution in China. It would seem like MiSight is just a good natural extension for that relationship. Is that the right way to think about how you plan to tackle that market, at least in the near term? And then, just relatedly, sorry for the series of questions. But can you address MiSight and myopia management revenue targets for fiscal 22? And maybe how China fits into that? Thanks.
Al White: Sure. Yes. When you look at China, it's a little different market than a lot of people probably think, when they think of optometry. Here in the U.S. and Europe, you get a lot of markets where there's independent optometrists or its heavily driven by change. You certainly get that in China, when it comes to what we'll call regular contact lenses. When you're talking about a product, like MiSight treatment products, they're largely sold through hospitals. So that's what we're going to see from MiSight, it is sold through some major, major hospital there, whether it's a public owned hospital, government owned hospital, if you will, or a private hospital. So it's a different call point largely than what you would have for your traditional contact lens business. You are correct, SLR has a very strong distribution network there, we received the approval on MiSight a little bit faster than we were anticipating it. So I would just say we're in -- let me put it this way, with active negotiations right now you should hear something shortly on how we'll distribute that product through that marketplace. But just to step back a little bit on that, as I mentioned on the call, right, we received the approval, the approval does require us to manufacture and package those products, everything post approval. So we're very actively doing that right now ramping everything up, we'll get that product into the market probably kind of in the November, December timeframe is when you'll see it really coming in. We're supporting that with kind of pre-launch activity right now. And then, we'll have that in the market much more aggressively, kind of in the January, February timeframe. If we look at the 2022 targets, we talked about those a decent amount in the past. I'm more comfortable with the discussions we've had. We talked about that kind of $50 million number for MiSight next year, we talked about $100 million myopia management number. We will firm that up in December when we give the guidance. The only negative that I've seen on that, frankly, has been currency, a lot of our sales [indiscernible] MiSight or international sales, but outside of that, no, I'd be more optimistic on our 2022 myopia management growth opportunities.
Jason Bednar: Okay, great. That's super helpful and just something pretty similar to what we talked about in the past there, then. On the -- just real quick as a follow up and related to the myopia management discussion, you mentioned a product there in the pipeline. Could you help us understand maybe the cadence of launches? Not to get too far out of ourselves, but just any additional detail maybe how impactful any of those individual launches could be or any other color? That'd be great. Thanks so much.
Al White: Yes. I won't, I guess just for competitive reasons, at this point, get into details and what those products are. But there is some exciting stuff that we have. And I thought it was worth mentioning eight individual targeted opportunities that we have in there. You'll be seeing those over the coming years. So the point is that we have an excellent myopia management product portfolio today. We're making advancements in each of the areas within there. We're going to be launching SightGlass. We're doing improvements on some Ortho-K products and launching those. And we have a number of things within the soft contact lens side tied to MiSight of rollout that you're going to be seeing in the coming, yes, those eight products probably in the coming three years, something like that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo.
Larry Biegelsen: Just one follow up on China, one on the recovery. So maybe thinking further ahead out on China. I mean, if we look at kind of what S4 is doing with Dallas, 1000 pairs a day, apply the ASP, roughly $500 for MiSight in China. I mean, it's easy to see, $100 million in sales for this product. I guess my question is, could you see this peaking, peak sales at over 100 million in, say, five years, just trying to understand what you think the long-term potential is. And I had one follow-up.
Al White: Yes. So we need to let a little bit of that play out. Because that's going to -- if we go with S4, that'll end up being a distributor relationship. And then, we need to see how that the sales actually work their way through. The environment in China, for a product like MiSight is very positive. And I know there's very high levels of myopia. Because so many children go through hospitals, and you're not selling to tons of different optometrists, it's a more focused sale, because of the clinical attributes of a product like that. It can be very successful. And what we've seen in a lot of spots is, is optometrists do like glasses. And they do want to push glasses, especially for kids kind of younger than 10 years old. But you also hear pretty frequently from optometrists that I want to get kids into this treatment and contact lenses as soon as I can, because their belief is it's more efficacious. You want to have the treatment going all day long. Kids can take their glasses off, do a variety of things with their glasses with contact lenses, put them anywhere. So it's going to be interesting, but I could certainly see a market for MiSight, that would be well north of $100 million that's for sure.
Larry Biegelsen: That's helpful. And just I had one question on, how you approached the Q4 guidance and what you're seeing from the Delta variant, it does seem like, when you look at growth for CVI and CSI over the same period in 2019, it does look like the midpoint of the guidance assumes some deceleration. So how much of that is just some conservatism versus what you're seeing, in different geographies. And if you could talk a little bit of -- give it a little bit of color on what you are seeing. That'd be helpful. Thanks for taking the questions.
Al White: Sure. I kind of say that we're not seeing too much right now. Having said that, if you look at the Delta variant and we all read the same thing. You talk about deferrals of elective procedures, that kind of activity has hurt us a little bit when it comes to some of the CooperSurgical products as an example in the past. I don't know if it'll hurt us this time or not. I think Brian kind of set in there, hopefully conservative and I would certainly agree with that commentary. On CooperVision, it's somewhat similar. We've been seeing things continue to improve whether you're in Europe, whether you're in Asia Pac, you're seeing things continue to improve. The U.S. kind of came back relatively quickly. But we're still seeing fits improve a little bit in the U.S. So we're not seeing a lot of negativeness coming out of the COVID and Delta variant yet, but I certainly think it's prudent to be a little careful when you're guiding the numbers and what's going on in the marketplace today.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Brackmann from William Blair.
Andrew Brackmann: Maybe just the pivot to fertility for a second, another strong quarter there. Al, really appreciate your comments sort of on the macro tailwinds there, but maybe specifically to your business. Can you just sort of talk about maybe some of the initiatives that you're putting at play there to drive that growth? Thanks.
Al White: Yes, absolutely. So one of the things that I love about our fertility business is over the years, we've built kind of the full spectrum of products that a fertility clinic needs. So when we walk into a clinic, we're able to say hey, soups and nuts so to speak from the beginning of the process to the end of the process. Cooper Fertility is here for you and we're able to provide products for you. Now, we don't have pharma, so exclude pharma from that. But when you think about everything else, we have that. So when a new clinic is opening, or when a clinic is getting larger, and they're looking at it from a financial perspective of, hey, how can we maximize our own profits? When you're looking at key accounts, we've been very successful on vision. When you're looking at key accounts within the fertility space and the bigger clinics that are out there standardizing things, taking advantage of their volume purchases, and so forth. It puts us in an excellent position to be able to offer everything. So there is a focus on a variety of things that are geographic expansion, because there's new areas out there, we're going into, there are areas around the world where you're seeing additional clinics being built out a focus on key accounts, trying to expand our relationships for those key accounts. And then, being a top service customer service provider, if you will, ensuring that clinics are getting products, I mean, that's one of the things is tough in a lot of industries right now, as demand for products and supply constraints, we've done a fantastic job. The team has really, really killed that in terms of maintaining our manufacturing and distribution network. So there's kind of all kinds of areas, I'd love to be able to narrow that down to one, but the answer is a little bit more complex there. But it's kind of a full scale sale into fertility clinics.
Andrew Brackmann: Great. Yes, I get it. And then, maybe just as a follow up there, obviously, appreciate your comments on sort of the infrastructure that you're building here. But as we think about sort of capital deployment and free cash flow that you're generating. How should we be thinking about M&A in this sort of area moving forward? Thanks.
Al White: Yes. I mean, we still have some debt, we're paying down a little bit of debt, our leverage has been in much better shape than it's been in a long time now and cash flow is pretty strong. When it comes to M&A, we'll look for opportunities. And if we find something, we're happy to do it again, I'd still say the stuff that we're going to look for is going to be strategic. And I don't mean made-up strategic stuff. I mean, stuff that if we happen to find a deal, it's like the deals we've done, you're going to be like, I get that. That's fits in. That's a Ortho-K company. That's an OB-GYN, medical device company, that kind of stuff. So we'll continue to look at those opportunities. But we're also going to model those out. And we're careful about that. We're not going to run around and overpay for stuff. We have a long-term business model here and financial metrics that we need to hit in order to do deals. Otherwise, you get to doing what we're doing paying down debt, and we'll look at buying back stock and so forth if the opportunities arise.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jon Block from Stifel.
Jon Block: I guess the first one, Al, I thought I heard you correctly, saying that you were going to pursue or submit MiSight as a treatment to the FDA. And we'd love a little bit more color, in other words, what does that do for you guys? Is it sort of strengthen the marketing message to the parent? Or is that also possibly the first step down the road for reimbursement? If you're able to go that route, as we think about it more in the out years? And then I've got a follow up.
Al White: Yes. Well, MiSight already approved basically as a treatment. So we are there, SightGlass is the one that we're going for right now to get FDA approval for SightGlass. And I think that's really powerful. To me, we get the questions on glasses, rightfully so when it comes to myopia control. If we can get approval for SightGlass, then it becomes the only FDA approved myopia control glass option on the market. I mean, that that is pretty exciting to me. So we submitted that right now. Now, to be fair, it took three year clinical data for the FDA approved MiSight. We have two year data on SightGlass. SightGlass is clinical, was specifically developed to meet the FDAs clinical requirements. So the question will end up being them looking at that data, which is good data. Do they need three-year data? Or would they be willing to potentially approve that off two-year data. So it'll be interesting to see how that plays out. But it's really SightGlass that I was referring to when I was talking about new approvals.
Jon Block: That's my bad. I misheard you. So I'll sort of try to jam in two questions into one. And so the first one now is, when I think about your numbers on your myopia management portfolio, next year, my take on from 20 million to 50 million, it implies if the overall portfolio goes 65 to 100. Really the Ortho-K, it sort of goes from 45 to 50 or only. And so maybe just talk through, why would it de-sell like that? It's growing so rapidly right now, the markets [Technical Difficulty] do you think there's some cannibalization there? So that's my sort of one freebie question for screwing up the last one. And then, the other one is just the Americas. I mean, it was really strong results in CVI. But I was a little bit surprised to see the two-year stack stepped down a good amount. America seems to be sort of the best backdrop when we think about Americas, EMEA and APAC. So maybe just some color, why the de-sell and the two years stack. Is it market share? Is it Delta or is it just lumpy? And thanks for your time, guys.
Al White: Yes. On a two-year stack. I think, well, it may be a look at it little definitely because everybody seems to calculate that a little differently, if you look at kind of the growth over 2019, constant currency growth over 2019, for the calendar quarter try to do apples-to-apples. We were up 8%. So a pretty good number there to try to get down to what's going into the U.S. in particular, like that's a little harder to get to. There's a lot of channel inventory and stuff moving around. I hear people comment about that. We haven't really seen too much of that. But I know there's some of that activity around there. So I might just pull that up, Jon, just to the highest level and just say, hey, on a total basis for calendar Q2 against calendar Q2 of 2019, we grew 8%. Do you remember Kim, what was the market -- 4%. So twice what the market grew. So I'm not quite sure how to answer the U.S. because I don't have all that data. But we're obviously doing really well against the overall market. If you look at -- step back to your myopia management question, you're right, in those numbers, you look at MiSight going to 20 to 50, you look at kind of what's embedded in there from Ortho-K 45 to 50. That would be at 100 million. So just to be clear, I continue to say kind of north of 100 million. We haven't given any more color to that, or any granularity than that in terms of the numbers. So I'll wait till December, but our Ortho-K franchise is doing well. It's growing nicely. It has good momentum. We have a really strong team, there are some really smart folks that are driving that business forward. So I continue to remain pretty optimistic on Ortho-K. And no one should read anything into that as there's cannibalization or anything else, because we're actually seeing some of the opposite. We're seeing MiSight helping our Ortho-K business. So all good there. Yes, don't read anything into that 100 million right now, make sure you note it as 100 million plus.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson from Baird.
Jeff Johnson: Hey, Al, maybe just following up on Jon's question there. So you were going through some of the calendar versus the fiscal numbers. I mean, if I was your fiscal two-year growth, then this was the number I think Jon was pointing to as well. I ended about 5.6% or so with my math anyway, for that two-year fiscal growth in the America. You talk about 8% for the calendar quarter, one, it would seem like we would actually have a pretty big de-sell in July for that -- those two numbers to sync up. And I can't imagine that happen. So maybe help me with that. But then, more importantly, you talked about 4% market number, we know [Bosch] [ph] put up 17%, Alcon 16%, J&J was at 6%, in the calendar 2Q two year growth rate in the U.S. So I'm having a hard time reconciling your 4% market growth, too. So maybe I know, there's so many numbers floating around, but just help us kind of understand kind of how you're getting some of your numbers.
Al White: Yes. So I'm just doing calendar Q2 growth against 2019. So I'm not quite sure right on a constant currency basis. So I'm not sure all the numbers you're quoting there. But if you go to calendar Q2 against this year against calendar Q2 of 2019. And look at those numbers on a constant currency basis, that's what I'm talking about. When you get down to some of the individual markets, it can get pretty lumpy and get a little bit more difficult right to dig into those details. Because you do get, how are you going to adjust those numbers? How are you going to adjust for commentary that you hear from some of the competitors about 10 million a channel inventory, or this that or the other thing? So I've just kind of tried to pull it up, Jeff, you're asking about kind of market share? When I look at it, I'd say okay, well, what did you grow against? 2019 Q2 at? We grew eight and I've got the market growing 4.
Jeff Johnson: Yes. Okay. I just struggle on that one.
Al White: Yes. And just to be clear, like, we didn't see anything strange happened, like going into the one month of July. July was a fine month for us.
Jeff Johnson: Yes. Okay. At least we'll follow up offline with some of those numbers you have to reconcile on. But then just on the MiSight side, I think you've gone through 2 million or 3 million or something like that in the 1Q. I don't remember honestly, 4 million now 5 million. It's a pretty big sequential step to get to the -- approaching 20 million or close to 20 million you're now talking about and then the runway, you'd have to kind of continue to accelerate on that to get to that 50 million next year. So again, one, does China add to that 50 million? I was trying to understand your comments there. If that just gives you increased confidence in the 50 million. And two, how do we connect the dots just here in the near-term and kind of that sequential improvement that's kind of implied over the next few quarters?
Al White: Yes. So if we look -- you're right. So we do need a solid Q4. So if I look at it, we did a touch over $3 million. We did a little over $4 million. We did a little over $5 million. When I look at August, which was a great month for us. We've seen that momentum pick up on that. I'm feeling pretty optimistic about a good Q4. A couple of things maybe to remember, if you look at as an example, Q4 of last year, and let's go with the U.S. market, Q4 of last year, you'll remember, we gave a lot of fittings away for free. Remember we were with a lot of optometrists and said, hey the first two fittings are free to get you in and then we stopped doing that. So you're getting a -- you're now getting those kids, a lot of those kids coming back, making purchases, if you will, for "the first time." The dropout rates are really, really low on MiSight. So all of those children who went in, in fiscal Q4 of last year that "didn't pay" or at least we didn't receive money are now paying. So not only you're getting the new fits, but you're getting all of those other kids coming in on top of that, and then we've seen a little bit of a momentum pick up in some of the markets outside of the U.S. So I sit here today and I kind of look at it and I don't want to get ahead of ourselves on that, but Q4 should be a pretty good quarter from MiSight. Yes, and then China is included for fiscal 2022. It will be interesting to see how that plays out in terms of stocking and order patterns and everything else that happens, but that's a market like that and the growth opportunities there and so forth make me more comfortable of our ability to hit $50 million for MiSight.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Petrone from Jefferies.
Anthony Petrone: Great, thanks. And maybe one just on CVI in terms of back-to-school. Obviously that historically is a little bit of a bump for new fits, but the guidance sort of suggests maybe a muted back-to-school season. So just kind of high-level thoughts there? And follow-ups on MiSight would be, one, an update on trained optometrists, where that number sits and what percent of those are actively fitting lenses? So those would be the two questions? Thanks.
Al White: Sure. On back-to-school, it's solid. The Delta variant is hurting us a little bit there because you're still seeing some activity where it's hard for optometry offices to staff up enough and you're just seeing a little bit of a struggle there that's kind of making it not quite as strong as it could be, having said that it's still solid. When I look at the fit data that's come out, I do see the shift moving to daily silicone hydrogels picking back up. You kind of saw that our numbers were a little bit better this quarter when it came to daily SiHy. This fit data in particular for clariti and MyDay was stronger. So that was cold sea because that's a really good sign. And all that will bode well as we kind of continue to move forward here. The other thing is when you think about back-to-school here in the U.S. certainly, it does run into our fiscal fourth quarter. So we need to see how some of that's going to play out. Again, hopefully, being a little conservative with the Delta variant, we'll see how that plays out. I will say that optometry offices are pretty booked. You can go to a lot of areas, right. You can go right into Manhattan there and start asking questions, but there is many other spots around the U.S., where you're seeing optometry offices fully booked with appointments out -- going out several months. So patient kind of flow through and so forth is really important right now. If you look at the number of trained optometrists, I don't have the exact number off the top of my head. It continues to grow more probably in the U.S. market. We've talked about that in the past somewhere around 5,000 and well, well north of that around the world. The breakdown gets -- it gets pretty detailed pretty fast in terms of who is fitting and how much they're fitting and what the fit characteristics are of all the different practices out there. And it gets a little bit more convoluted when you dig into some of the buying groups and some of the big retailers, where we're doing a lot of activity right now and they're starting to expand all their pilot programs and roll out to more stores and so forth. So that's a hard one for me to answer. I kind of just fall back to the revenues at this point and say, hey, the proof is in the pudding, right, like if we're going to move to an $8 million quarter then we have a lot of people doing a lot of fitting.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Cooley from Stephens.
Chris Cooley: Hey, good afternoon, everyone, and congratulations on the record quarter. Just two for me. One on the CVI, Al, it would be helpful, I realize you're not going to give an early look into FY22, but help us just to make sure we're level set correctly in terms of what's your expectations are in terms of a return to kind of normalcy in Japan and how to think about these investment spend as you support all these product launches around the world. Is this more of a 4Q, 1Q type phenomenon or on the investment side, is just something that we should maybe think about carrying through the majority of fiscal '22? And then just quickly for my follow-up on PARAGARD in the prior period there really wasn't much of a channel inventory. So I'm kind of curious, one, if you -- obviously, you had a little bit of a fill there with the step-up in the ASP, but help us think about kind of what the channel looks like right now and overall end market demand. I'm assuming is trending pretty favorably here that gave you the confidence for the 6% step-up in the ASP, but any color you can provide around that would also be appreciated? Thanks so much.
Al White: Sure. Yes, Chris, let me just tackle that one first on PARAGARD. We did do the price increase, so we allow a buy-in before the price increase. So we saw that and we probably pulled in around $4 million into Q3. So you can expect the Q4 PARAGARD number to be down some because of that. If I step back and look at PARAGARD where we're at today and where we're going moving forward, I kind of still in that pretty same place that I was pre-COVID, maybe a little bit more optimistic. But I've kind of said, hey, we're going to get somewhere around 4% to 6% growth in that product have come in from price, have come in from unit growth. I would continue to say that, right, when I look in the outer years, I would say that's what we're going to see. I mean, it will move around a little bit, but at the end of the day, if we can get that growth, say put it at 5% in the middle of that, if we can get that growth on that high margin of a product, I'd be pretty happy with that. So that's kind of where we're sitting right now with that product. So to me, all go with respect to PARAGARD. On investments within CooperVision, we are hiring some salespeople in different spots around the world. I think you mentioned Japan, we're doing it in Japan, we got some exciting product launches and things going there. One of the things that you've seen, you saw this quarter is a matter of fact right as Europe started to come back in strength and you saw positive results from us because of that. I believe you will see the same in a place like Japan. It's been pretty muted, but we're strong there, we're hiring there, we're investing there, we've launched products there. If that market -- if Japan can start coming back like we've seen in the U.S. like Europe is doing more so right now, that's going to be the next positive for us. I think that's kind of -- as that happens that's the next kick for us because that's one of those markets we're strong in. I know a lot of people like to focus on the U.S. market, me in this business we focus on everything around the world. So we have a lot of strong different markets. When you look at investment activity, a lot of that broad-based investment activity frankly is tied to myopia management more than it is everything else. I mean, we're hiring salespeople and expanding for our core business, but we expect to get a return on those investments relatively quickly.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch from Citibank. Your question please.
Joanne Wuensch: Thank you for taking my question and good evening. I want to spend just a minute or two on CooperSurgical. I mean I was looking at the numbers and I was like you've now crossed over the $200 million per quarter mark, which is pretty impressive. Could you remind us of the operating margins for this business? How do you think about building it out? And does it still fit within the CooperSurgical, not CooperSurgical, Cooper framework?
Al White: Yes, we stopped providing operating margins on the business units because of allocation of corporate and everything else, but they are high, that business has strong operating margins and very strong cash flow. If nothing else, you have PARAGARD in there pulling everything up, but the fertility business is also a strong margin business. So pretty happy with where that business is. And to me, yes, it fits within Cooper wonderfully. There is a lot of medical device businesses that are large that have different products underneath them and different kind of business units and so forth, if you will. I think it's just a great fit for us to work to get, I mean Vision runs its business. Surgical runs their business. And from a corporate perspective, when we look at capital allocation and so forth, we try to ensure that we're maximizing returns to our shareholders. At the end of the day, we're kind of stewards of investor capital, if you will, and that's how we look at it in terms of investing in those businesses. Right now we're in a great position to be able to invest aggressively in both businesses and pay down debt. So we'll continue to do that, yes, but I think everything fits together wonderfully under Cooper right now.
Joanne Wuensch: Okay. Since I didn't get the operating margin for CooperSurgical, I'm going to try a different question, which is how do you think about overall operating margins and the potential for expansion over the next couple of years? You used to give sort of a three or four or five-year goal, is there a way to sort of hit refresh on that?
Al White: Yes. I'm still pretty bullish on where operating margins are going to go. The reason that we haven't talked about that recently is because of myopia management. That's thrown, if you will, kind of a wrinkle into things and that there is such a great long-term opportunity there for growth. I mean, we're investing pretty heavily right now. So that's obviously fairly dilutive to our operating margins. But I do believe that as we move forward in the coming years and the myopia management business continues to grow, you're going to see the op margins on that part of our business really ramp themselves up. So at some point, probably, I don't know maybe the end of next year or some point, Kim asked me about that operating margin and putting it back in the presentations and stuff, we'll probably get there. It's just a matter of getting more comfortable where the myopia management is because right now it's really growth, growth, growth.
Joanne Wuensch: Terrific. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan.
Robbie Marcus: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Two for me. Al, one is, when we talk to a lot of doctors, they've seen a bolus of patients fitted for contact lenses who don't like wearing glasses with mask. Is there any way to quantify the benefit of that and how sustainable you think that is?
Al White: Yes, that's a really interesting one, because we have heard the same thing and it's actually come up interestingly now with kids because it was a big deal with adults for a long time for obvious reasons. Now you have kids like here everyone in California has to wear mask, all the kids do. So you have obviously kids with glasses. I had -- I coached my daughter's soccer team last night and two girls on the team were like, hey, I didn't know you did contact lenses, can we get lenses, because we hate wearing our glasses in school. So I can't quantify that. I don't know how big that is, but it's definitely that's something that's not only happening here in the U.S., but it's happening around the world where masks are becoming more the norm and frustrations around wearing glasses with masks definitely exists. I don't know what it is, but it's certainly positive for us.
Robbie Marcus: All right. And then you had a really good cash flow quarter and you just talked about healthy margins with CooperSurgical and good cash flow. Can you remind us what your priorities are? It's sort of the first time in a while where you've been a little flush with cash, how are you planning to spend it going forward? Thanks.
Al White: Yes. I would kind of go with the same answer probably we've given for a while. Default position being paying down debt, looking at M&A opportunities if they're available and we can find them and they fit strategically, it makes sense, and then share buybacks if the opportunity presents itself and those make sense, we would certainly do that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rob Cottrell from Cleveland Research. Your question please.
Rob Cottrell: Hi, good evening. I'll start on just August and the fourth quarter commentary. It sounds like, Al your comments are pretty positive, myopia still strong in August, not seeing too much impact from Delta yet. So in terms of the maintained full-year guidance, is it just the FX headwinds that we should be thinking about? And then there's some conservatism around Delta, is there anything else that we should be thinking about in terms of potential pressures on 4Q?
Al White: No, that's really it. Brian had mentioned some of the numbers there with respect to FX taken $10 million away from Vision in Q4 and $2 million away from Surgical on revenues and a $0.14 EPS impact. To me looking at our business and where we are today and the opportunities for share gains and growth and so forth, it didn't really cross my mind to be honest with you to say, oh, I want to cut back on all the investments and all the good stuff we have to hurdle that $0.14 FX, just didn't. Now we've been putting up good numbers for a number of quarters here and I envision we'll continue to put up good numbers. So there is nothing else to read into that other than FX was a negative for us and we're going to continue to invest to look to take advantage of opportunities, right. I want to put up pretty good sales growth for fiscal 2022.
Rob Cottrell: Okay, got it, thanks.
Al White: Yes.
Rob Cottrell: And then lastly can you quantify where new fits are now across the industry relative to pre-COVID levels?
Al White: Yes, new fits still down in the U.S. They come back quite a bit, but they're still down compared to pre-COVID levels. And I think it would be very heavy on a regional basis. Europe getting better, Asia-Pac still having fits quite a bit lower, excluding China probably still haven't fits quite a bit lower. You still have a lot of restrictions in place in a lot of the markets in Asia-Pac that are causing challenges. So, yes, pretty heavily dependent on the region you're in, the U.S. probably arguably being the best.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Steve Lichtman from Oppenheimer.
Steve Lichtman: Thank you. Hi, guys. Al, you mentioned your estimated market growth in 2Q '19 at about 4%. Do you think that holds on a unit basis as well? Is net price holding flat in your view?
Al White: It's always hard to look at for units because of -- because of the difference between like dailies versus monthly lenses and so forth. But I think the core of your question really goes back to price and that's a really good question. And we've seen pricing trending higher. We had earlier this year some reduction in rebates. You've seen ourselves and competitors take list price up a little bit. As we moved into the back-to-school season here where traditionally you probably see a little bit more aggressiveness in terms of some push on back-to-school pricing, you haven't really seen that. So, I would say, if you're looking at where pricing is today, it's a positive, probably kind of a modest positive, but a positive right now. We'll see where it goes right with inflation with everything else going on and future price increases and so forth, but I would say it's at least a positive right now.
Steve Lichtman: Got it. Thanks. And then just a couple of quick last ones. Would you be willing to provide us with the approximate discrete investment for myopia management here in FY21 and about how much of the $5 million MiSight was U.S. this quarter? Thanks.
Al White: Yes, the -- we're not going to get into that number. We were giving that for a little while, but now we just embedded into our guidance. The U.S. was certainly over $1 million in this quarter of the $5 million.
Steve Lichtman: Okay, got it. Thanks, Al.
Al White: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd now like to hand the program back to President and CEO, Al White.
Al White: Great. Thank you. Thank you, everyone. So I've kind of mentioned this as we went through the call, business is looking pretty good and we're pretty excited about where we are and what the future holds for us. A lot more stuff going on. Hopefully, we'll have some good news as we move through this quarter and look forward to giving you that update and present '22 guidance on our December call. So, thank you everyone for your time and we'll talk soon. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-06-04 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Second Quarter 2021 Cooper Companies Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]  It is now my pleasure to introduce Vice President, Investor Relations and Risk Management, Kim Duncan.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Cooper Companies second quarter 2021 earnings conference call. During today's call, we will discuss the results and guidance included in the earnings release and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Al White, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Andrews, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market or regulatory conditions and integration of any acquisitions or their failure to achieve anticipated benefits. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption forward-looking statements in today's earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including Cooper's Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings, all of which are available on our website at coopercos.com. Should you have any additional questions following the call, please call our investor line at 925-460-3663 or e-mail ir@cooperco.com. And now, I'll turn the call over to Al for his opening remarks.
Al White: Great. Thank you, Kim, and welcome, everyone to Cooper Companies fiscal second quarter conference call. Im happy to report that CooperVision and CooperSurgical both posted all-time record quarterly revenues which drove record quarterly earnings. Our businesses have rebounded nicely from the COVID lows with silicone hydrogel lenses and myopia management leading CooperVision, and fertility and PARAGARD driving CooperSurgical. For the quarter, and reporting all percentages on a constant currency basis, consolidated revenues were $720 million with CooperVision at $523 million, up 25% and CooperSurgical at $197 million, up 58%. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $3.38. For CooperVision, the Americas grew 38% with Clarity, MyDay, and Biofinity leading the way. The U.S. was the strongest part of the region and it allowed us to rebound quickly and strongly, offsetting challenges from markets such as Canada, which were still facing significant COIVD restrictions. Were still seeing nice momentum in the U.S. and we are looking forward to the back to school season. EMEA grew 15% in the quarter led by strength in MyDay and Biofinity. Were the number one contact lens company in EMEA, so we are obviously over indexed in this region and the impact from COVID did temper the markets performance, but were executing at very high level and taking share which is offsetting the challenges. This is the region where we have been a leader for quite some time and were getting stronger due to success with key accounts so we are really looking forward to a rebound in consumer activity as that will definitely benefit us.  Lastly, Asia-Pac was up 19% led by strength in Clarity and MyDay. Asia-Pac is making progress rebounding from COVID, but is slow in many countries including Japan where we have a strong presence. Nevertheless, similar to EMEA, our teams are executing at a very high level and taking share, which is helping offset the market challenges. Overall, given our geographic mix, I'm extremely happy with our performance and expected to remain healthy as vaccines roll-out around the world and consumer activity improves. Moving to some details, silicone hydrogel dailies grew 31% with MyDay and Clarity both posting strong results. MyDay in particular is taking share lead by approving availability, especially for MyDay toric. From a market perspective, there's still roughly 2.4 billion in annual global sales of older daily hydrogels that we expect to be traded up to silicones in the coming years. This tailwind is a significant positive for us as we're under indexed in dailies, but are seeing great performance from Clarity and MyDay. Moving to our FRP portfolio, we saw solid growth around the world led by Biofinity. In particular, Biofinity Energys are unique and innovative lens that uses Digital Zone Optics to help alleviate eye fatigue from excessive screen time and our market leading Biofinity toric multifocal posted extremely strong results.  We also just announced that we've doubled the number of prescription options for Biofinity toric and to provide contacts on how significant this is often, Biofinity toric is the most prescribed toric lens in the world and is now available in over 33,000 prescriptions. That's more options than all other monthly silicone hydrogel toric lenses combined. Regarding product launches, we remain incredibly active. Clarity and the MyDay second base curve sphere are being rolled out in Japan and MyDay toric, Biofinity toric multifocal, and our extended toric ranges for Clarity and Biofinity continue rolling out around the world. And I'm happy to now add MyDay multifocal to this launch list. We will start seeding select countries in the coming months with a full launch plan for late this calendar year. As part of our pre-launch activity, we completed product testing in eight countries with thousands of patients and I'm excited to say the responses have been absolutely fantastic. That's not a huge surprise given the extremely strong clinical data and the success of MyDay sphere and toric, but it's still great to say. The multifocal category is roughly 10% of the 8.5 billion global contact lens market and roughly half of that is in dailies. Given we're currently under indexed in the daily segment at roughly a 16% share, we believe the MyDay multifocal will be very successful. Moving to myopia management, our portfolio grew 122% this quarter to 14 million. Within this, MiSight grew 152% to 4 million and ortho-k grew 112% to 10 million. As a global leader in the myopia management space, our portfolio is the broadest in the industry comprised of MiSight, the only FDA approved myopia control product, our broad range of market leading ortho-k lenses, and our innovative SightGlass Vision spectacles. Given the strength we're seeing, we now expect this portfolio to reach 65 million in sales this year and exceed 100 million next year. Regarding MiSight, we've made fantastic progress with our key accounts and have entered into multiple new pilot programs with retailers and buying groups around the world. Our momentum has been accelerating, including in the U.S. where sales grew sequentially from 100,000 to 700,000 and we're about to launch in South Korea, which should be a great market. The only thing holding us back from growing MiSight even faster is COVID restrictions in several important countries such as Canada, Spain, Taiwan, and Singapore. Regardless, we're making tremendous progress and expect very strong growth moving forward. From a fitting perspective, the average age of a new MiSight wear remains 11 compared to a regular new contact lenswear of 17 showing this treatment is bringing kids into contact lenses at a much younger age. Additionally, multiple professional associations are now recommending myopia management as standard of care, including the World Council of Optometry, and more universities are adding educational training courses to their curriculums. Regarding ortho-k, we had a great quarter driven by our broad product portfolio, and from the halo effect we started seeing from MiSight. As the myopia management market develops, we're seeing the value of offering multiple options to eye care professionals, and this is helping our ortho-k franchise. We also believe it'll benefit our SightGlass myopia management spectacles, which are scheduled to be launched in multiple European markets prior to calendar year. With respect to SightGlass, we just received two-year clinical data and are in the process of submitting it to the FDA for approval as a myopia management treatment. It took three year data to get MiSight approval, but we're hoping to receive approval faster for SightGlass given the strong data, and that these are glasses rather than contact lenses. In the meantime, we're finishing the legal and regulatory work to close our joint venture with EssilorLuxottica and remain very excited about the potential of that partnership. To wrap up on myopia management, we're actively investing in sales and marketing, new launches regulatory approvals and R&D to keep driving success. Our focus remains on leading with clinical data and providing the best and broadest portfolio on the market. To conclude our vision, the rollout of vaccines is definitely benefiting us given the consumer nature of our business. We're seeing plenty of opportunity heading into what should be a strong back to school season, and we're gearing up for some great presentations and meetings at several upcoming eye care conferences. On a longer-term basis, the macro growth trends remain solid with roughly one-third of the world being myopic today, and that number expected to increase to 50% by 2050. Given our robust portfolio, new product launches, momentum with myopia management, and strong new fit data, were in great shape for long-term sustainable growth. Moving to CooperSurgical, this was an outstanding quarter with record revenues of 197 million and all three focus areas fertility, PARAGARD, and office and surgical medical devices outperforming. Starting with fertility, revenues grew 53% year-over-year to 84 million, easily becoming the best fertility quarter we've ever had. Strike was seen around the world and throughout the product portfolio. Were taken share and we're well-positioned for future gains with improving traction in several markets. Our key account strategy is creating opportunities capitalizing on our market leading portfolio of products and services, which cover this full spectrum of clinics needs outside of pharma offerings. We're seeing strong growth from consumable products like media, and our eye witness, our proprietary automated lab management system that clinics implement to maximize safety and security by optimizing their lab practices, and we're benefiting from increased utilization of our artificial intelligence based genetic testing platform, which increases the doctors ability to select the best embryos for transfer and also from our capital equipment business with growth and products like incubators. From a market perspective, COVID is still negatively impacting patient flow in many countries, but the combination of share gains and healthy patient flow in the U.S. and parts of Europe is driving our results. Overall, increasing vaccination activity will continue supporting the recover the IVF industry as more patients are able to return to clinics, and increasing maternal age and better access to IVF treatments are trends that will continue supporting strong growth for many years to come. Within our office and surgical unit, we grew 62% with PARAGARD up 103% and office and surgical medical devices up 41%. PARAGARD performed really well as positive health and wellness trends continue driving patient activity. As the only 100% hormone free IUD on the U.S. market, the product offers fantastic long-lasting birth control that addresses the needs and interests of women looking for a healthy alternative.  Within medical devices, several products performed well, including EndoSee Advance, our direct visualization system for evaluation of the endometrium and our portfolio of uterine manipulators. To conclude our CooperSurgical, this was an excellent quarter. Some of it was tied to reopening activity in capital equipment sales, which are tough to forecast, but you'll note in our guidance that we expect to continue delivering strong results. Similar to vision, we have powerful macro trends supporting our growth and our exposure to consumer activity is benefiting us as economies around the world reopen. To finish, let me add that we'll be releasing our new ESG report in a few weeks. For those of you like me, who are passionate about environmental sustainability, social responsibility and good governance, you'll see a great summary of where we stand today and insights into our future efforts. We're in an excellent ESG position and I look forward to continuing advancements and providing additional updates in the future. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Andrews: Thank you, Al and good afternoon everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to our earnings release for a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. Our second quarter consolidated revenues increased 37% year-over-year or 32% in constant currency to 720 million. Consolidated gross margin increased year-over-year to 68.1%, up from 65.8%. Improvement was driven by strength in our higher margin CooperSurgical business led by PARAGARD and a nice improvement in our fertility margins where we're seeing the positive impact of transferring a significant amount of production to Costa Rica. CooperVision also posted improving margins driven by currency and product mix. Moving forward, we're in excellent shape to continue delivering solid gross margins. We've completed the largest parts of our capital expansion projects at both CooperVision and CooperSurgical and expect to receive the benefits of this over time as capacity utilization increases. OpEx is up 17% year-over-year as expenses naturally increased, with the rebound in revenues along with higher sales and marketing expenses associated with investments in areas such as myopia management. Having said that, expenses were kept under control, resulting in consolidated operating margins of 26.8%, up from 17.4% last year. Interest expense was $6.1 million due to lower interest rates and lower average debt levels. And the effective tax rate was 9.6%, driven by a 2.1% benefit from options exercises. Non-GAAP EPS was $3.38 with roughly 49.7 million shares  average shares outstanding. Free cash flow was very solid at $143 million, comprised of 193 million of operating cash flow offset by 50 million of CapEx. Net debt decreased to 1.6 billion and our adjusted leverage ratio decreased from 2.1 times to 1.8 times driven by lower debt and improving EBITDA. Before moving to guidance, it's worth noting we acquired two businesses since we last reported earnings. The first was No7 Contact Lens, a UK based contact lens manufacturer, primarily focused on specialty lenses, including ortho-k that has annual revenue of roughly 4.4 million, which we purchased for roughly 12 million.  The second was obp Medical, a U.S. based medical device company that develops end-markets [a suite], a differentiated women's health medical devices with integrated LED illumination. obp Medical had roughly 10 million in annual revenues, and we purchased them for 60 million. Both deals are highly strategic and fit perfectly into CooperVision and CooperSurgical respectively. Moving guidance, we continue to monitor and evaluate the scope, duration, and impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on our operations and financial results. While we still view this as a risk factor, our visibility is sufficient to allow us to provide the following update to our fiscal 2021 guidance. Consolidated revenues are expected to range from 2.855 billion to 2.885 billion, up 14% to 15% in constant currency, with CooperVision revenues between 2.11 and 2.13 billion, up 11% to 12% in constant currency, and CooperSurgical revenues between 745 million and 755 million, up 25% to 27% in constant currency. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to range from $13.20 to $13.40. To provide color on this EPS range, our gross margin expectations are unchanged as we expect CooperVisions improved manufacturing efficiencies to be offset by moderate margin pressure from growing dailies, and surgical continuing to post strong results. We expect the OpEx as a percent of revenues to track higher than the first half of the year, led by sales and marketing investments to support reopening activity and for the ongoing support of myopia management. Given a lower tax rate in Q2, we now expect our full-year tax rate to be around 11%. Lastly, FX has moved against us primarily due to the end, but we expect the tax improvement to offset this negative impact. And to wrap up on guidance, our business continues to strengthen and we now expect free cash flow to exceed 500 million this year. And with that, I'll hand it back to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Matthew Mishan with KeyBanc.
Matthew Mishan: Great, and thanks for taking the questions. First off, how should we think about phasing from here of the next couple of quarters? My sense is, sequentially we should see improvement in both CVI and CSI based on re-openings.
Brian Andrews: Yeah, Matt, hi. So, as far as facings go, obviously, you know, our guidance range for revenues is expecting consolidated revenues, obviously to wrap up in the second half of the year. CooperVision I would expect is going to be up sequentially, quarter-over-quarter as we work through the year. CooperSurgical is going to be, you know we had a really strong Q2. We talked  Al talked about the strength from markets reopening, but also the, sort of the one-time impact of some equipment sales in Q2. So, we still expect really strong results for surgical, maybe not quite as strong as Q2, but still improving, and then  on a consolidated basis, up sequentially, Q3 and Q4.
Matthew Mishan: Okay, excellent. And then one of your competitors just launched an ortho-k product, just sort of a labeling thing, FDA approved for myopia management, what is the difference between approved for myopia management versus myopia progression control for you guys?
Al White: Yeah, so myopia control being much of a  I don't know how to put it, powerful claim. Myopia management being the more general term right? You'll hear people talk about ortho-k and other products being used for myopia management. I've talked about it in that context fairly frequently, frankly, historically, as a general term, myopia control being a much more specific term. So, to receive approval from the FDA, on a myopia control basis is much more powerful than general management, which you'll see, kind of all ortho-k products are used for that. You'll see the spectacles that are in the market, myopia management. So, much looser designation, if you will, talking about myopia management versus control.
Matthew Mishan: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jason Bednar with Piper Sandler.
Jason Bednar: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking our questions and congrats on a nice quarter here. Al, hoping youll help us out with how consumers or behavior here, as society and the economy's reopen, we move back to more of a normal state. Are you seeing any change in eye exam behavior, contact lens consumption, a greater percentage of annual supplies being purchased? Just any color there?
Al White: Yeah, so that's a good question, right. It gets very regional dependent, would probably be the easiest way to say right, because if you look at the U.S. as an example, we've seen consumption come back up, a lot of activity returned to normal now. We're still not quite seeing the amount of new fed activity that we'd like to see. That's still down. So that's still impacting some of like, your new dailies. MiSight as an example, some of that kind of activity, but we're getting there and we're getting there quickly, right. So I'm pretty optimistic as we get to like the back to school season this year, you know, you're going to see that new fit activity and so forth in the U.S. As you move to somewhere like Europe, you know, the region from a contact lens perspective is continuing to move in the right direction, it almost feels, you know, like, it's like, four months, or five months or six months ago, where the U.S. was that. So, I hope that's the case. And I hope we see the continuing progress there as consumption as things pick up as you're seeing the vaccines roll out. Asia-Pac is a little different. Again, though, you probably even have to break that into markets, like we're weaker in China than we are in some of the other spots out there. You know, China is doing well, but some of the other markets like, even Japan is still, you know, in the single-digit when it comes to vaccination. So, I think you're seeing different levels of improvements, different levels of improving consumption activity, and so forth that trend mostly across the board is positive. I guess, I kind of give you that as like a high level overview.
Jason Bednar: Okay, that's super helpful. [Indiscernible] those of the original comments. Just as a follow-up, you [threw-out] that 100 million target for myopia management next year, Im just curious if you could [indiscernible] the contributors there. I mean, does MiSight still account for 15 million of that or has that changed, just with the pace of reopening progression, and then, you know, within that 100 million, what's the right way to think about maybe SightGlass, contributing to that figure versus ortho-k? Thank you.
Al White: Yeah. So, I would still put MiSight in there at 50 million. Frankly, I think we have a chance to do better than 50. You know, we're running into a few challenges this year, it's COVID related. There's no question about that, because theres demand out there and the interest is crazy strong. But I think at the rate we're going right now, I would still think we're 50 million plus when it comes to MiSight next year, the remaining portion, largely being worth ortho-k. We'll launch SightGlass this year, later this year, we'll get into some European market, start rolling around it has CE mark, so we'll get that product out there. And that will contribute, it will just be a question mark of how much it contributes. And by the way, Jason, just note that when it comes to SightGlass right now that's slowly rolling through our P&L. When we closed the joint venture with EssilorLuxottica that most likely will not show up in revenues, any gain or loss attributable to that joint venture will be below the line. So, I would envision, frankly, at the end of the day next year, you might not see any SightGlass revenue coming through our P&L.
Jason Bednar: Okay, makes sense. Thank you.
Al White: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. 
Larry Biegelsen: Hey, guys, congrats on the nice quarter. Thanks for taking the question. Just a couple Al on MiSight. I guess to follow up on the last one, is 25 million still the right way to think about 2021, are you  and are you making any tweaks to the business model? You know, I think right now it looks like going from three to four. Some people may be concerned about, you know, the pace to get to that 25 million and I have a follow-up?
Al White: Yeah, I think that's fair. I wouldn't take 25 million off the table right now. But I do think we're going to have a hard time getting there. We're going to need COVID to move in our favor, if you will in some of these markets, because I mean, we still have a significant portion of MiSight being outside the U.S. So, we've actually seen some of the markets take a step backwards, if you will, with COVID restrictions. And then obviously, other markets, you know, maintain COVID restrictions. So that's a challenge for us. I mean, it's probably a more, you know, attainable number would be something kind of in the low 20s. You know, 20 million, 21 million, something like that. Again, I don't think that's going to stop us from hitting 50 million next year, because I think the momentum and so forth, we have a strong enough to get there. When I look at like, the ramp up, we've seen a faster ramp than I was anticipating in terms of like, trialing piloting activity from retailers and from buying groups, and so forth. So that would take a little time, but we'll work through that. And Im still crazy bullish on the product and I think we're going to be in great shape. I mean, when you look at tweaks to the business model right now, not really because of, kind of, if you will, the underlying success that we're seeing with respect to the product, and the interest that we're getting from some of the  what are ultimately going to be very, very large fitters of MiSight.
Larry Biegelsen: And just one follow-up on MiSight Al. So, China, you know, how are you feeling about approval there this year? And that retailer, large retailer in Europe, that you talked about in the last call, any update on that? Thanks for taking the questions.
Al White: Yeah. In China, we've had some more dialogue back and forth with them. All good. I would say, I guess since its regulatory base, as you just say, cautiously optimistic. I'm not going to change my stance on that. As a matter of fact, maybe I'm a little bit more cautiously optimistic. And I can't wait to get that approval and get that product into China, because that should be hugely successful there.  Great response from the retailer, I mentioned last quarter. We've actually expanded that trialing activity. So things are going really well there. Maybe that's part of the reason we're seeing some other retailers and buying groups kind of jump in on that. People don't want to get left behind on that activity. So yeah, definitely taking steps forward there.
Larry Biegelsen: Thanks Al.
Al White: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Baird.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Good evening, guys. Al, look, I hate to keep focusing on myopia. I know it's such a big future growth driver, but it's a small part of business right now. But, you know, we're starting to see things like Essilor do, you know, they're seeing a 1,000 patients a day in China, with their Stellest lens, Hoya and Zeiss seem to be having decent success, at least Hoya does with their myopia glasses, things like that. So, you know, help us think about the next couple years, is SightGlass potentially as big or bigger than MiSight? Do you think my sight will still be the dominant product within your portfolio? Just, you know glasses versus soft contact lenses? I guess the first question, then maybe I have a follow-up on top of that.
Al White: Yeah, it's going to be really interesting to see how the market develops, because you're right. When it comes to the myopia glasses, Essilor is a great example. They're doing really well with that product. Thats a great company to start with, right, and great distribution network and so forth. But they're doing really well right now, a lot of attention going there by optometrists. So, SightGlass is a phenomenal product and I think once it gets in the market, it's going to do really well. And as we tie that together with EssilorLuxottica and with MiSight in a lot of markets, and even with ortho-k, I think we're going to be hugely successful. The question mark that I kind of have on that, ends up being a lot of optometrists have come back to us.  And obviously, they like glasses, and they want to go with glasses, because it's an easy sell, but they also have commented back saying, hey, I think that MiSight contact lenses are going to be a lot more efficacious because we really want these kids wear them all the time, right? It's like metal braces. We want the kids wearing them all the time. And we know we'll get that from contact lenses.  So, some of the feedback has been, hey, I want to get kids into a myopia management program like five or six years old, obviously, they're not going to put them in contacts there, right. So, what I'm hearing more is like, hey, from five to, you know, maybe 8, 9, 10 we're looking at a little bit more at glasses, and from 10, kind of onward, we're pushing and talking much more about contact lenses. So, it'll be interesting to see how it comes out. I'm just kind of happy we have both of them.
Jeff Johnson: Yeah, no, I would agree with that. And then, I guess, Ill forgo my other follow-up and just follow-up on something you said there on just the efficacy in there. I mean, we have seen now two-year data, three-year data out from Hoya from Essilor just in the last month or so, you know, showing those kind of 60%, 65% reductions in myopia progression, things like that. So, you know, as glasses do show to be as efficacious, does that change kind of your marketing message? Does that change price points, it looks like to me, you know, even some of the UK price points on myopia glasses around $750 a year versus, you know 1,500 per year for MiSight here in the U.S. How comfortable and I know markets are different, but how comfortable are you at the price point you're at with MiSight when glasses seem to be coming in at a less expensive option, at least in some of your international markets?
Al White: Yeah. A couple of things. You know, the price point on MiSight is lower outside of the U.S. So, when we talk about the U.S., right, FDA approval and running about 750, you know, you're getting outside of the U.S. Let me call the global range, more 500 to 750, and we're seeing a lot of the optometrists out there sell this as like a package offering. So that wouldn't surprise me, you know, moving forward that they kind of do that as, hey, regardless of what product you're getting, and how we're going to sell it, we're going to sell these together. So, maybe you get, you know, to your contact lenses, or it's two or three glasses, right? Because kids are going to lose their glasses or break them or need to update their script, that kind of stuff, right. So, I think that at the end of the day, my gut is that the pricing is probably in a pretty good place right now. Where I've seen the pricing on glasses lower as you're talking about, that's also for one pair of glasses, right. So, you end up saying, okay, well, you either kind of give them two glasses or three glasses, how you're going to look at that. It seems to be coming together at a pretty decent price point around where we're sitting at right now. So, then I think the next thing goes to saying two components of it, right is, yeah, they're both efficacious and they're being proven to be relatively similar at the end of the day in their success rates. So, then you go tom okay, is the kid going to really wear those glasses, right. Because they have to wear them all the time, right. 10 hours a day, every day. And that's where we're seeing optometrists push towards it and say, hey, they're both as efficacious, but one of them I'm guaranteeing the child's wearing contact lenses. The other one I'm not. That's why we're seeing more of the push from a lot of optometrists for kids who are 10 or older, moving them into contact lenses.
Jeff Johnson: Okay. Got it. Thanks so much.
Al White: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Petrone with Jefferies.
Anthony Petrone: Thanks, and congrats on the quarter. Al, I want to start with the overall calendar 1Q trends in contact lenses and kind of matching that to the fiscal quarter. So, what is your internal data telling you about where calendar one 1Q exited from, sort of a market data standpoint? Some competitors are saying that the global market was flattish with mixed performances by geography, the company put up 25% CVI growth, so when we look at that 25%, how much of that was actually the April trend? And how much of that was perhaps share gain?
Al White: Yeah, so, well, obviously, April was a massive growth number for us, right. If you kind of go back, I mean, this fiscal quarter, we grew in every region every single month. So, I can say that much. I do think that if you look at calendar Q1, it was you know, as an industry, it was flat. Maybe it was, you know, up 1% or 2%, something like that. I think you just saw, kind of improved through the quarter. I know, like we had a bunch of business. I know in March that we ended up shipping in April. So, we don't kind of maneuver too much around some of the month and stuff. But yeah, I guess at the end of the day, I would probably answer that. Maybe the easiest way to summarize it is to say, calendar Q1 was okay, you know, flat to up just a little bit. April was definitely a strong month. And we're continuing to see that performance, big differences regionally. No question about that, big differences, regionally. The U.S. was very strong. So, that's one of the things I was talking about, you know, Anthony, when I was saying, like, I'm really happy with our performance from a geographic perspective, you know, we're kind of under indexed in China. We're, frankly, a little under indexed so to speak here in the U.S., we're the number three contact lens company. So, yeah, I do believe if you look at it, and for the fiscal quarter, a decent chunk of it was us taking share and that includes in some markets like Europe and Asia-Pac.
Anthony Petrone: That's helpful. A quick follow-up, I'll actually shift to surgical IVF and IUD both strong, so maybe a little bit, is their backlog still out there? If there is, you know, what is the tailwind linked to backlog in both IVF and IUD? Thanks again.
Al White: Yeah, I'd say, you know, we're going to post another really strong PARAGARD quarter because May of last year was pretty non-existent. So, we're going to have another really high growth rate in PARAGARD. I don't think there's anything out there with respect to channel inventory or the kind of backlog if you will. I think that's just kind of business as usual right now. Fertility is really strong. We're taking a lot of share, even with struggles in places like India as an example. I mean, it's really tough to see what's going on there. You know, that's a really nice market for us. We're stronger there than in some of the growth markets like China.  The question really for fertility ends up being how much of that growth was tied to reopening and capital equipment activity that won't repeat itself. I'm probably more optimistic, maybe the most on that, because you're continuing to see fertility clinics open around the world. As they open, they stock up and so forth, you're continuing to see new fertility clinics get build or build out, and that's capital, equipment, purchases, and so forth. So, those things are always hard to forecast, but the backlog is pretty damn good within fertility.
Anthony Petrone: Thank you.
Al White: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Chris Cooley with Stephens.
Chris Cooley: Good evening and thanks so much for taking the questions. Al I apologize, but let's go back and talk about myopia management a little bit more, I'm specifically interested in your comments in the prepared comments, where you talk about greater focus with kind of the mass account or the chain account, I've always thought of this product [indiscernible] more high touch, more of a kind of bespoke ECP type product. So, I'm just kind of curious, when we think about MiSight, should we think about its adoption being driven, much more like dailies in the early days from, you know, push more so from the chain? And then similarly, maybe as a second part to that question, little bit interested here, you have the broadest portfolio clearly, and been bulking up the ortho-k franchise, but kind of the one missing piece here is pharma, Im curious if there is an appetite as well to maybe just compliment the spectacle in contact lens piece at that exact same call point with a pharma solution? I've just got a quick follow up on surgical.
Al White: Sure. I'll answer a quick one on the pharma piece, kind of [indiscernible] and so forth. We are doing work on that within R&D. I don't know if you'll see anything anytime soon on that. But that's an interesting kind of component of the myopia management business. So, yeah, we're keeping an eye on it, so to speak. When it comes to MiSight on the retail side, that is going to be one of the big drivers that's out there. You know the independence have grabbed a hold of this. Had a lot of people continue to get trained and start selling the product. Some of the bigger retailers are looking at this saying, okay, well, wait a minute, you know, I don't want to get left behind on this, this is clearly gaining some traction, you know, World Council of optometry going out and telling people that they should be standard of care and so forth is pushing things along relatively quickly.  So, what you're seeing from the retailer's right now is really trying to figure it out, right? Say, should we have this in all of our stores or should we put this in certain stores, right? So, if we have a bunch of stores in London, should we select stores where we're going to drive all of our pediatric patients or should we have everybody get certified and kind of everybody said, MiSight, right? So, you're getting retailers, kind of trying to figure that strategy out. You've seen the same thing here in the U.S., frankly, with, you know, [Treehouse Eyes] and some different organizations becoming more focused on myopia management.  So, this is still like such early stage in the marketplace. You know, we're really creating a brand new market here that - it makes it kind of exciting, right, but there's some there's some definite question marks out there. There thing I am happy about, and I was going to say is moving faster than I expected right now is the interest from some of those big retailers of kind of saying, hey, I don't want to get left behind here. I need to get moving and figure this out one way or another. So that's a key component. The other thing I would add just quickly, when it comes to retailers, is it's a little easier for an independent. They run their own store and so forth. How they want to price it? How they want to handle selling it, communicating it and so forth? You go to a retailer where they want to standardize that throughout their operations, that takes them a little while longer, right, figure out how we're going to price it, how we're going to sell it, all the different components that go into it. So a lot of work being done behind the scenes on that.
Chris Cooley: I appreciate all the color there and then just quickly for me on CooperSurgical, you mentioned obviously the strong growth in fertility, and also, continued lift with PARAGARD. With both of those categories having strong momentum do we think about kind of a structural lift here in the operating margin contribution going forward from CooperSurgical as we do have your planned capital expenditures, I believe, you said completed now.Is there more of a step-up that we should think about as we exit the fiscal year, just help us think about, kind of the margin contribution profile of that business unit going forward? Thanks so much.
Al White: Yeah. So that business certainly has higher gross margins. And we're continuing to see those trend in the right direction. The consolidation effort I've talked about over the last couple of years with respect to Costa Rica is starting to generate returns right now. Obviously, a product like PARAGARD has very high gross margins. We're probably still a little inefficient, if you will, with respect to that business model in total. So, as we continue to grow revenues, we'll be able to continue to leverage that basis. I mean, the fertility business is a global business as an example, with a global infrastructure, largely a global infrastructure. You're talking about a business, even if you annualize this quarter, right, that's a little over $300 million. So, we need to continue to grow that to leverage it, but long story short, the answer to that is, yes. We anticipate margins. Our operating margins continue to improve within the CooperSurgical business, and that'll obviously help the overall businesses as surgical continues to strengthen.
Chris Cooley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jon Block with Stifel.
Jon Block: Thanks guys, good afternoon. Al, I'll start with you. I you know, I know, sure price call it's usually not a big driver in the lens market. ASPs are usually treated from call it material or modality, but in this oppose inflationary environment, is there more of an opportunity this year for price for you guys to take that? And Brian while Im going down that same road, you know, for you are there any material cost to call out in your opinion, putting pressure on the supply chain or other areas of the business? And then I just got a follow up.
Al White: Yeah, on pricing, I would say yes. We've seen pricing trending higher. Matter of fact, we've just heard some stuff, which I haven't confirmed. It sounds like one of our competitors just recently here took list pricing up a little bit. But you have seen list pricing moving up a little bit, you've seen some rebate activity come down a little bit. I think when you look at the world that we're in today, right, with some of the inflationary pressures that we see out there, there's probably a little bit more ability to take price than there has been certainly over the last several years.
Brian Andrews: Hey, Jon, I'll take the other question. Nothing really to point to. We've got long term contracts with our suppliers. So, nothing to highlight really right now on inflationary, sort of raw materials or other costs.
Jon Block: Okay, great. And then a follow-up question is, sort of multiple parts on the MiSight row, but maybe just to our clarity, 50 million next year Al that is not including China is sort of the question there. And then maybe the 700,000 for MiSight this quarter that I think you referenced in the U.S., was that a clean number this quarter? And what I mean by that is, you know, is that sort of reflecting no free fittings? If so, Al maybe you can just comment on the utilization. I think everyone's just trying to sort of rectify a ton of docs trained, 700k in U.S. revenue. Is this somewhat maybe lower than anticipated utilization, a function of, you know, difficulty getting the kid into the optometrist office, or that optometrist wanting to fit one kid and watch him or her progress for I don't know, 6 or 12 months before starting kids two through five? Thanks.
Al White: Yeah. So, you do get some of that, where you're getting optometrists fit, you know, a couple kids, and then they might wait a little bit. Maybe the other point to make on that, Jon, that's probably important is, you know we recognize our activity, all of it upon shipment. One of the challenges that we've had with MiSight. Is shipping it on a quarterly basis or six months rather an annual supply. You've heard me talk historically more about hey, 750, right? We fit a care, we get 750 bucks. I guess mentally that's how I think of it. But in actuality, from an accounting perspective, depending upon what you're shipping, if you're shipping a full-year in the U.S., then yes, you would get 750 or if it's outside of the U.S., whatever  you would get whatever that price is, but certainly more than half of our sales on MiSight are shipped as six months or quarterly sales.  So, I think maybe I haven't been as clear about that, right? Because the number of sittings that we're actually doing, the kids getting sitting is greater I think than what people think it is because we're not recognizing as much revenues. I think people maybe are thinking we are right away, right. That's one of the things that kind of gives me more comfort on the 50 million next year, frankly, is because I see the number of children actually being fit in the product. I know that revenue will come, right. It's a renewing cycle anyways, for the annual purchaser, but for all the kids who are not annual purchasers, six months or whatever, you know that that's going to continue to come. So, I think that's part of it, the 700,000 in the U.S. would be a true number, if you will, right. No free lenses being included in that. When it comes to China for 50 million for next year, I guess I think about it all together, right. It'll depend when we get approval for China, when we're able to get launched that product as to how much that's going to contribute, but that would be part of our 50 million plus, I think, to say it that way, in terms of MiSight numbers for next year.
Jon Block: Perfect. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Issie Kirby with Redburn.
Issie Kirby: Hi, guys, thank you for taking my question. I have two on MiSight, and then one on surgical. Firstly, just on MiSight, just thinking about where you are with your investments into sales and marketing and whether or not that has changed, given the dynamic you've outlined in these larger retailers and you know what that really means for the margins of that product? And then following up on SightGlass, actually, and MiSight, just thinking about your partnership with EssilorLuxottica, obviously, they have a vast distribution network, just thinking about any potential to cross sell either technologies between the two companies outside of SightGlass? And then I'll follow up on surgical.
Al White: Yeah, I'll start with EssilorLuxottica because we have a great relationship with them. We're selling right now or we manufacture the Ray-Ban contact lenses here that they're selling, which is a great product that's doing really well. Yeah, I would love to grow and expand that relationship, because it's good now. They have a great team of people. I've gotten to know them better. Our team has gotten to know them better. If we can, kind of combine our efforts to improve things like myopia management and fantastic right, they distribute our ortho-k lenses in China. You know, if we can work something out, I'd love to see us kind of come together on a product like MiSight, thats potential home run kind of opportunity there. So, we'll see how that builds up over time, right. We're having a lot of discussions with them right now and as you can kind of tell a lot of, like, positive good discussions.  On the margin side, right now, with respect to the retailer's, that's not impacting anything, because the price point on that is, is what the price point is, if you will. I think that only ultimately be a question mark as to like, if someone becomes really large and starts doing a lot of volume, my guess based on history is that we would continue the price point that we're at, we would hold the price point or add if you will. It would be more in terms of like, hey, if you do that much volume well give you a cross promotional activity for other products and services and that type of thing, more sales and marketing in a broader sense that it would be any discount activity associated with a product like MiSight.
Issie Kirby: That's very helpful. Thank you. And then on fertility, it'd be great if you could comment on some of the dynamics you're seeing in the end market, in the clinics, particularly around perhaps seeing any sort of acceleration in consolidation of clinics, whether or not this has, you know accelerated you to COVID, and how you guys at CooperSurgical are well positioned to service these larger accounts?
Al White: Yeah, so we have seen some of that. You know, we've heard a few things from competitors about like supply concerns and stuff. We have not had any of those. When you look at consolidation activity, which has increased, that is a positive for us, because one of the things we started investing in and you can tell that I'm a big fan of his key account activity. You know, we have a very broad  the broadest portfolio you're going to have. So, if you see consolidation activity, you naturally get clinics coming and saying, hey, we want to buy it on volume. We want all the products and we want to push those products in a standardized format through our clinics. We're clearly the number one option for that kind of activity, right? We can offer him everything and we can pull it together for him. So that consolidation activity is some of the bigger trends, if you will, in the fertility space are positive to us because of our current business model.
Issie Kirby: That's very helpful. Thank you and congratulations on the quarter.
Al White: Great, yeah, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch with Citibank.
Joanne Wuensch: Good evening and nice quarter. A couple of little things at this stage of the call, was there any stocking in the quarter? What is your foreign exchange guidance for the year? And gross margins, you said that there was no change to your gross margin assumption for the year, despite the 68.1% in the quarter, so I'm just curious if you could reiterate what the assumptions are, and why would there be no change? Thanks.
Al White: Yeah, I'll take the first one and then I'll flip it to Brian. There was nothing to mention in terms of stocking with respect to vision or surgical, normal kind of activity there.
Brian Andrews: Hi Joanne. Yeah, so the  on the FX guide, FX, previously was a 3% tailwind to revenues, and an 8% tailwind to EPS. FX has moved against us, it's a margin  on the margin, just slightly worse on the revenue line, but still 3% tailwind. On the EPS it's about a 7% tailwind now. So, moved down about a percent. So, that's obviously factored into our guidance and the impact to FX in the second half of the year is offset by the effective tax rate reduction going from around 12.5 from last quarter to around 11% now with this new guidance. On the gross margin side, I said last quarter around 67.5% to 68% on a consolidated basis, and bouncing around kind of range bound. Yeah, we ended up at 68.1%. I still think you know we have a chance maybe to get to 68, but we're still going to kind of hold to the upper 67s. You know, I talked to my script about the push pull around higher dailies offset by better utilization or better efficiencies in our manufacturing plant with volumes, and then strong CooperSurgical growth margins.  So, some of that's going to be driven by mix, but high 67s. And then on the operating margin line, that's really where we're saying, hey, there's just going to be a little bit more OpEx than what we were expecting, let's say last quarter. So, you know, all of the myopia management, product launches, just general market opening activity and back to school is going to result in slightly higher OpEx as a percentage of sales. And that's how you get to our EPS guidance.
Joanne Wuensch: Excellent. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan.
Robbie Marcus: Oh, great. Thanks for taking the question. I'll add my congratulations on a good quarter. Maybe just to follow up on Joanne's question. Can you remind us what FX was in second quarter on the top and bottom line? And what acquisitions were in the quarter and what's in the guidance now versus last quarter?
Brian Andrews: Sure. On the FX to revenues is $24.5 million. FX to EPS was $0.21. In the guidance, we've got about $2 million for No7 lens and about 5 million from obp. Those are both, you know two quarters worth. And then in the M&A contribution in the quarter, you had about a million dollars from vision and about just a little bit under 3 million for CSI. So, a total of four.
Robbie Marcus: Great. And, you know I know you don't break out segment margins anymore, I was wondering now if you could just give us, you know maybe a high level thought on Vision versus Surgical and how we should think about the gross and operating margin trends for each of businesses throughout the year? You talked a lot about spending in CooperVision, I just, you know any color you can give us to help with the split would be great. Thanks a lot.
Brian Andrews: Yeah, no problem. So, on CooperVision obviously I talked about earlier some of the  both of them were up, Vision and Surgical were up. Some of the trends that we're seeing are still playing out. We had some volume related absorption. That's starting to go away as volumes pick up, but that's being offset by higher sales of dailies. You know our daily silicone hydrogel suite of products, you know is not quite as high as our company-wide gross margins or CooperVision gross margins.  So that's going to be a little bit of a push pull, but you know, we should see, we have a chance of seeing CooperVision margins trending a little bit upwards, but flattish and then on the CooperSurgical side, obviously stronger PARAGARD sales without high gross margin product, and fertility all of the work that we're doing to consolidate into Costa Rica all helps CooperSurgical gross margins. So, that's a positive trend that should continue. On the operating margin side, Al touched on CooperSurgical operating margins just a few minutes ago. On the Vision side, again, I think most of, you know most of what you're seeing as markets reopen and all the rebound activity that we're doing to see these markets to prepare for product launches, and really to put some need around myopia management make sure we're supporting the launches of all of our suite of myopia management products, you'll see some OpEx increases there, ahead of some of the revenues that you'll see down the road.
Robbie Marcus: That's really helpful. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Steven Lichtman with Oppenheimer.
Steven Lichtman: Thank you. Hi, guys. AL, in [si hy] dailies its sounds like MyDay continues to be very strong, and I assume the main driver, beyond the improved supplies and certainly new launches per MyDay, is there anything else that you're seeing in terms of broader patient preference trends? Is there a mixed toward a more premium lens that's surprising you? I guess overall, what's your view on the mix of Clarity versus MyDay looking ahead, and you know, the outlook for Clarity overall?
Al White: Yeah. So it's been interesting how it's played out. You know, both performing really well, both within our kind of segments, if you will. Clarity being more mass market. And we've seen good success from Clarity, kind of right through. I just hear toward multifocal all doing okay. MyDay sphere, doing well, but MyDay toric doing really well. So that products  once we got it in the marketplace, we knew it was going to be a hot product. And I can tell you, it's just continued to go.  It is doing really, really well. So, that's probably been kind of the biggest driver or the biggest positive. That's one of the things that makes me kind of optimistic about MyDay multifocal, right. Like all our clinical testing, data feedback has been very similar to all that positive feedback and good stuff we were getting on MyDay toric. So, I'm pretty excited about the multifocal coming out.
Steven Lichtman: Great. Thanks. And then just your outlook for PARAGARD overall, looking out over the next one to two years, how are you thinking about underlying growth potential? And given the health and wellness trends, you know, are you anticipating increasing DTC activity?
Al White: Not necessarily. I mean, we'll have a new campaign that'll come out and replace our old campaign. You saw some of the TV advertising and so forth. But no, we're continuing to get good results on that from the marketplace and a lot of interest and so forth. Given the momentum and interest that we have right now, I don't see the necessity to, kind of go blast out a DTC campaign or something above and beyond the activity we've been doing. Our PARAGARD team is really strong. We just moved a few people around there. So, we had a great team of people who ran it, great team of people who are currently running it all together, our insight into the IUD market, and PARAGARD in particular is incredibly strong. So, you'll continue to see DTC activity and targeted activity, but I wouldn't expect significant increases in cost associated with it, but I would continue to expect pretty good performance on the PARAGARD.
Steven Lichtman: Great, thanks Al.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Rob Cottrell with Cleveland Research.
Rob Cottrell: Hi, good evening. Thanks for fitting me in here. Two quick questions for you. First, Al, you mentioned that new fit data is still lagging a bit and a bit soft, clearly, that's not impacting the quarter outlook yet. But, you know, wondering how you're thinking about the timeline for new fits to return to normal, and whether that is included in the outlook for this year? Do you think it can, it might stretch into 2022?
Al White: Yeah. It's so different by region. We're definitely seeing the improvements around the world. The U.S. continues to move in that right direction. And that's critical for us right now, because that's an important one for MiSight, especially in the back half of the year, but also for our dailies, right, because what we were seeing pre-COVID with respect to new fit data was that you were seeing a much higher percentage of people being fit in daily [silicone hydrogels] then you will or any other products. So, obviously, that's an area of strength for us. I'm making the assumption that when we look at the world that new fits, you're going to continue to see new fits trend in the right direction. I wouldn't anticipate like a big jump all of a sudden anywhere. I think it's just going to be a matter of vaccines rolling out, continuing to be successful, continuing to allow more foot traffic if you will, will improve new fit data. The other thing is like, I mean you get to California here, right.  We still have restrictions June 15, we get to the point, finally, where we basically don't have restrictions, you know, that's going to allow a greater volume of patients going through optometry offices, and so forth. So, you know, there's some big markets out there, California being one of them that continue to take steps in the right direction. You go outside of the U.S., you look at markets, like the UK continue to move in the right direction, right. So, moderate positives, but I'm not anticipating like some massive big step up.
Rob Cottrell: Got it. Okay, thank you, and then quickly on MiSight, you know you talked about revenue recognition and chipping out every six months. Curious, as you start to, you know, expand these pilots with retailers, is that something where you expect retailers and buying groups to stock inventories to where MiSight might be a little bit more lumpy in the future or will you still retain the shipping for patients?
Al White: Yeah. I would say, right now, there is no stocking on MiSight. So, that's a good point. Just to be clear, right? Everything that you're seeing, everything we're reporting is product being shipped out to patients [to where]. We'll see how that changes in the future. I would guess, certainly for the foreseeable future, it's going to continue to be managed the same way it is right now. It'll be shipped when the patient orders the product. And then it's just a matter of how the doc wants to do it. You know, a lot of them want to say, hey, I'll [get] a years supply because the child's eyesight is not going to change that much. So, let's get the product. Let's get it in our house. We're certainly as I said, over half of optometrists are saying, hey, I want to see the kid more frequently. I want them to come in for eye exams. So, I'm going to do a three month or I'm going to do a six month and then I'm going to do the eye exam. And then if there's a parameter change or tweak that needs to be made, I'll do it and send them new lenses. Otherwise, I'll continue to send them the original script. So, we'll kind of see how that plays out over time. My guess is though, that you're not going to have a lot of stocking on MiSight anytime in the near future.
Rob Cottrell : Got it. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Chris Pasquale with Guggenheim.
Chris Pasquale: Thanks. Al, can you give us an update on where you stand in the U.S. today with MiSight and physicians trained or the installed base maybe in the U.S. and globally?
Al White: I think we're around 4,000 certified eye care professionals in the U.S. right now. I don't have the number off top my head. I know it's larger than that outside of the U.S. To be honest with you, I've kind of stopped looking at it just because there's so much variability around, you know, fitting and how much people fit. You know, anyone who's really interested in myopia management has a tendency to fit a lot. And then we're getting a lot of eye care professionals come in that are kind of new, that are doing, you know one or two or just getting started.  We're also starting to see people outside of the traditional optometrist, if you will, getting certified on that, you know, because you're getting some staff and some other people who are now responsible for the optometrist, it doesn't want to spend their time educating mom and dad on what myopia is and how it progresses and so forth. So, you kind of see a broadening of some of the training activity, but it continues to increase. I know we continue to get a pretty decent number of certifications coming through on a monthly basis.
Chris Pasquale: About from an install base perspective, how many kids do you think you have to now?
Al White: That's a good  over 30,000. The numbers like started ratcheting way up. I started  I've been focusing on other stuff, but yeah, it's certainly over 30,000.
Chris Pasquale: Okay. And then curious with the fertility business. Do you have much of a presence in China today? Any impact to you guys from the change in the child policy over there? There's something you're looking at as an opportunity. How do you think about that?
Al White: Yeah, boy, I wish we had a bigger presence there. We do not have a really large fertility presence in China. We do have a presence, we have a decent business there, we're working right now to try to get some of our products registered so we can sell them there. Some of our top products in different markets around the world are currently not registered in China. So, they're going through the process. I think the change in terms of the three kids is great for fertility in China, and that's going to help all of us in the fertility space who compete in that marketplace. We have much higher market share in other markets than we do in China. So, I look forward to getting some of those product registered and having some more success in that market.
Chris Pasquale: Thanks.
Al White: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the call back over to President and CEO, Al White for any closing remarks.
Al White: Great, fantastic. Well, thank you, everyone. I appreciate the time and the interest and so forth. Always happy to talk about all this stuff. As you can imagine, I spend a lot of my time with Dan talking about MiSight and the team and myopia management in general. So, happy to go through all this detail and it was a good quarter. So, happy to be and talking about it. So, thanks for the time and look forward to catching up with everybody in the coming weeks here and certainly in three months when we report in the beginning of September. Thank you, operator.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating and you may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-03-04 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the First Quarter 2021 Cooper Companies Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. Id now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Ms. Kim Duncan, VP, Investor Relations and Risk Management. Thank you. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Cooper Companies first quarter 2021 earnings conference call. During today's call, we will discuss the results included in the earnings release and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Al White, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Andrews, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market or regulatory conditions and integration of any acquisitions or their failure to achieve anticipated benefits. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the Company to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward-looking Statements in today's earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including Cooper's Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings, all of which are available on our website at coopercos.com. Should you have any additional questions following the call, please call our investor line at (925) 460-3663 or e-mail ir@cooperco.com. And now I'll turn the call over to Al for his opening remarks.
Albert White: Thank you, Kim, and welcome, everyone to Cooper's fiscal first quarter conference call. We started this year off on a positive note and we are excited about our momentum. We took share in the contact lens market with strength in our silicone hydrogel portfolio led by MyDay and Biofinity. Our myopia management portfolio continued to strengthen, including MiSight growing 82% to $3 million, and CooperSurgical posted a very strong quarter with PARAGARD growing 16% and fertility 10%. With both businesses outperforming, we delivered robust earnings and cash flow and expect continued strong performance moving forward. Regarding the quarter and reporting all percentages on a constant currency basis, even with continuing COVID challenges, we posted consolidated revenues of $681 million with CooperVision revenues of $507 million, up 1% and CooperSurgical revenues of $174 million, up 7%. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $3.17. For CooperVision, we saw strength in our daily silicone hydrogel portfolio and in our Biofinity franchise, along with general strength in torics and multifocals. By geography, the Americas grew 6% led by strength in Biofinity and daily silicones, including nice growth from both clariti and MyDay. EMEA was down 4% as several countries continued managing through stringent COVID-related restrictions. We did see growth in our daily silicones and Biofinity though, so that bodes well for the future. Asia Pac was up 3% led by strength in MyDay, especially in Japan. Overall, sales exceeded expectations, and we are well positioned to continue growing and taking share with current and future product launches driving momentum. Moving to some additional quarterly numbers. Our silicone hydrogel dailies grew 8% with both MyDay and clariti growing. Particular strength was noted in MyDay and especially MyDay toric as we continue rolling that product out around the world. Overall, daily silicones are leading the market right now as health and wellness trends drive adoption and we believe that will continue as there is still $2.4 billion in annual global sales of older hydrogels that need to be traded up. Moving to our FRP portfolio. Biofinity grew 6% with strength noted in Biofinity Energys and Biofinity toric multifocal. I've mentioned these products before, but as a reminder, Energys is a truly unique and innovative lens that uses Digital Zone Optics to help alleviate eye fatigue from excessive screen time. In today's world, this product has the ability to perform well and we are seeing that. And our Biofinity toric multifocal was launched last year and is doing extremely well. This is a made-to-order product and part of our extensive offering of unique products that differentiate our business. Regarding product launches, we remain incredibly active. We now have regulatory approval to launch clariti in Japan, and we will be doing that shortly. And that's in addition to our ongoing successful launch of a second base curve for MyDay sphere in that market. We are also continuing to launch and relaunch MyDay sphere and toric in many other markets around the world. We are continuing the rollout of Biofinity toric multifocal, including launching in Europe shortly, and we are rolling out extended toric ranges for clariti and Biofinity. Additionally, our pipeline is strong and we expect to remain very active going forward. And lastly, we are incredibly busy with our myopia management portfolio of MiSight and Ortho K lenses, which grew 46% for the quarter to $12 million. Within this, MiSight grew 82% to $3 million and Ortho K grew 37%, including $1 million of revenue from our acquisition of GP Specialists from August of last year. With respect to MiSight, we now have over 30,000 kids around the world wearing the lens, including over 2,000 in the U.S. and our momentum is accelerating. Our launch activity continues to go extremely well, and we expect similar success in new markets, such as South Korea, where we will be launching in the next few months. We have also made advancements in discussions with several large retailers and buying groups regarding MiSight and even moved into a test phase with one large retailer for roughly 70 stores. We've also received several awards recently, including from Contact Lens Spectrum and Popular Science and we are making advancements with multiple professional associations helping to get myopia management recognize the standard of care. And we made great progress with several universities, supporting the training and education of their optometry students as many schools are now adding myopia management training courses to their curriculums. From a fitting perspective, if we look at U.S. data, the average age for a new MiSight wear remains 11 years old and in a positive sign, it's trending younger. Comparing this to the average age of a regular new contact lens wear of 17 shows we are bringing kids into contact at a much younger age, which is fantastic. This is all extremely exciting and supports our goal of reaching or exceeding 25 million of MiSight sales this fiscal year and over 50 million next year. Moving to myopia management spectacles. I want to touch on our recent acquisition of SightGlass Vision, and our partnership with EssilorLuxottica. SightGlass Vision has developed innovative spectacles to reduce the progression of myopia in children and our joint venture with EssilorLuxottica will leverage our shared expertise and global leadership in myopia management to accelerate the commercialization of these spectacles around the world. We are now working through the typical regulatory requirements to form the JV and we started developing launch plans in certain markets, as we await the two-year clinical data, which will be out in the next couple of months. The SightGlass technology is a great compliment to our existing myopia management portfolio of contact lenses, and working with a great partner like EssilorLuxottica will accelerate growth of the entire pediatric vision marketplace. More to follow on this exciting opportunity as we continue making progress. To wrap up on myopia management, we are at the forefront of an extremely exciting global pediatric opportunity. This market is in its infancy, but the growth is exciting and having the only FDA-approved product in MiSight has been a game changer. We are continuing to invest in sales and marketing programs and new launches, regulatory approvals and R&D to keep driving adoption on a global basis. Proactively addressing the progression of myopia in pediatric patients, offers immediate visual correction along with many long-term health benefits, such as reducing the risk of serious eye disease later in life, such as retinal detachment, cataracts and glaucoma. So this effort is important and it's why so many eye care professionals are getting involved and strongly supporting this activity. To conclude on Vision, let me add that the continuing rollout of vaccines will definitely benefit us given the consumer nature of our business. In the near-term, we expect better foot traffic and retail outlets, especially malls, along with increasing service capacity and better staffing attendance at optometry offices. We also expect a strong back-to-school season as in-person learning returns around the world. On a longer-term basis, our growth drivers remain strong and are likely improving with the macro trend of people spending more time on electronic devices. It's estimated that roughly one third of the world is currently myopic and that's expected to increase to 50% by 2050. Combining this trend with a continuing shift to daily silicones, geographic expansion and growth in torics and multifocals, our industry has a very bright future. For CooperVision, our robust product portfolio, active product launch activity, momentum with myopia management and strong new fit data puts us in a great position for long-term sustainable growth. Moving to CooperSurgical. We had a very strong quarter led by PARAGARD and fertility. Overall revenues were $174 million, up a healthy 7% as markets rebounded and we took share. I'm really excited about the state of CooperSurgical right now under the fantastic leadership of Holly and her team and the future looks extremely bright. Starting with fertility. Revenues grew 10% year-over-year to $70 million with strength seen around the world and throughout our product portfolio. We are taking share and we are well positioned for future gains with improving traction in our key accounts. One of the strengths of our fertility business is our broad product portfolio which essentially covers the full spectrum of fertility clinics needs outside of pharma products. We have done a great job of cross-selling and building relationships with the larger clinics around the world and this has resulted in solid growth in areas ranging from consumable products like pipettes, media and RI Witness, our RFID lab-based management system that I discussed last quarter, to equipment such as incubators and workstations to genetic testing. From a market perspective, COVID is still negatively impacting patient flow and some important countries like India are still significantly hampered, but we are definitely seeing a pickup in activity. In the meantime, we are taking market share and we expect that to continue. Overall, the fertility market has extremely positive long-term macro growth trends, and we are well positioned to capitalize on these trends to drive growth. Within our office and surgical unit, we were up 5% led by PARAGARDs growth of 16%. PARAGARD performed better than expected as patient activity remains strong, driven by the positive health and wellness trends we are seeing in the U.S. As the only 100% hormone-free IUD on the U.S. market, the product offers a fantastic long-lasting birth control option that addresses the needs and interests of women looking for a healthy alternative. We are very bullish on PARAGARD right now, and believe we will continue posting solid growth this year. Elsewhere, we seen deferred elective procedures steadily rescheduled, and our medical device sales have improved. Several of our focus products grew in the quarter, including EndoSee Advance, our direct visualization system for evaluation of endometrium; INSORB, our patented surgical skin closure device and our portfolio of uterine manipulators. Before I turn it over to Brian, let me close by mentioning our efforts to further enhance our strong focus on environmental matters, corporate responsibility and good governance. We have made great progress over the past several years, and we have a lot of exciting things happening today. We just completed an ESG materiality assessment to ensure we stay focused on the right areas and my passion and commitment to this type of work remains very strong. If anyone has any questions or interest in our ESG efforts, please reach out and let's connect. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Andrews: Thank you, Al, and good afternoon, everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to our earnings release for a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. Our fourth quarter consolidated revenues increased 5% year-over-year or 3% in constant currency to $681 million. Consolidated gross margin increased 50 basis points year-over-year to 67.8%. This improvement was driven by strength in CooperSurgical with higher margin PARAGARD and fertility consumable products performing extremely well along with favorable currency. Moving forward, we are in excellent shape to continue delivering solid gross margins. We completed our manufacturing restructuring activity in Q1, so we are well positioned for the current environment along with being ready to efficiently ramp up quickly as demand continues to rebound. We still have absorption-related inefficiencies, but we expect those to go away with sales growth. OpEx was up only 2.1% year-over-year as we kept expenses under control. This resulted in consolidated operating margins of 26.9%, up nicely from 25% last year. This performance exceeded expectations and we expect to continue posting strong results, balancing expense control against investment opportunities that we see within our business, particularly within myopia management. Interest expense for the quarter was $6.4 million driven by lower rates and lower average debt, and the effective tax rate was 11.3%. Non-GAAP EPS was $3.17 with roughly 49.7 million average shares outstanding. Free cash flow was solid at $92 million comprised of $148 million of operating cash flow offset by $56 million of CapEx. Net debt increased slightly to $1.7 billion, while our adjusted leverage ratio decreased to 2.1x with improving EBITDA. And finally, we repurchased $25 million worth of stock this past quarter at an average price of $357 per share. In addition to our strong operational performance, we completed several tuck-in acquisitions recently. During the quarter, we acquired Embryo Options to add a cryo-storage software solution to our fertility portfolio, allowing clinics to automate the management of cryo-preserved embryos, eggs, and sperm. The business did $4.7 million in sales last year and added $500,000 in revenue in our Q1. Within CooperVision, as Al mentioned, we acquired the remaining 80% stake of SightGlass Vision in January for $41 million in cash plus aggregate potential earnouts of up to $139 million based on revenue milestones and regulatory approvals. After the close of the quarter, we entered into an agreement to form a 50-50 joint venture with EssilorLuxottica that we hope to close soon. Also, subsequent to quarter end, we closed two more tuck-in deals at CooperSurgical. The first was AEGEA Medical, a pre-revenue manufacturer of an in-office water vapor ablation system that will launch shortly. And Safe Obstetric Systems, owner of Fetal Pillow, a balloon device used during C-sections to make the delivery less traumatic for the mother and baby. The business did $4.4 million in sales last year, and we purchased it for $52 million in cash, plus a potential earnout of up to $14 million. Before moving to guidance, you will note in our earnings release that our GAAP earnings were much higher than our non-GAAP. This is directly tied to the tax item I discussed last quarter where CooperVision's intellectual property and related assets were transferred to the UK in November 2020. For non-GAAP purposes, we adjusted for this activity and we will continue doing so moving forward. Moving to guidance. We continue to monitor and evaluate the scope, duration and impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on our operations and financial results. While we still view resurgences as a significant risk factor, our visibility has improved, so we are now providing full-year 2021 guidance to provide a better feel for our expected upcoming performance, including our anticipated myopia management investments. The guidance includes consolidated revenues of $2.8 billion to $2.845 billion, up 15% to 17%, or up 12% to 14% in constant currency. With CooperVision revenues of $2.090 billion to $2.120 billion, up 13% to 15%, or up 9% to 11% in constant currency and CooperSurgical revenues of $710 million to $725 million, up 21% to 23%, or 19% to 22% in constant currency. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $12.90 to $13.10. Lastly, on free cash flow, we now expect to approach $500 million this year as operating cash flow improves and CapEx reduces. And with that, I'll hand it back to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have our first question from Larry Keusch from Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Lawrence Keusch: Thanks very much and good afternoon, everyone. So Al, looks like single-use sphere was nicely ahead of the consensus and looks like it doubled sequentially on a two-year stack. So what's driving that? I mean, obviously, I assume it's silicone hydrogel. But if you could give some thoughts on what's going on there?
Albert White: Yes. Larry, it is silicone hydrogel-driven. It goes back to MyDay maybe more than anything. I mean, clariti is certainly doing fine. But we're capacity constrained as you know on MyDay for quite a while. And the demand on that product has been really strong. Now that we're finally no longer capacity constrained, we're able to launch it around the world, the sphere, we're getting the toric out around the world and just being able to provide the product, a high-demand product that's out there. So there's no question MyDay sphere and toric is driving a lot of that strength.
Lawrence Keusch: And is it in any specific geographies? Or again, how you think about that globally?
Albert White: It is global. So we're seeing strength in all three regions when it comes to MyDay.
Lawrence Keusch: Okay. Perfect. And then I guess the second question is just on MiSight. I think if I caught this correctly, you said relative to this year that you expect to reach or exceed $25 million and over $50 million in 2022. So those seem to be at the margin changes in the guidance, certainly now more bullish on that. So I guess the question there is what's keying that into to give you a greater confidence in those numbers? And look, you did $3 million of MiSight revenue this quarter, a lot has to happen to get to $25 million or more in the next three quarters. So again, what drives that?
Albert White: Yes. That's a good question. I mean, I think part of that is just we're continuing to see an acceleration in interest and activity around the world, including here in the U.S. I mean, if you look at $3 million as an example, because of the way things get accounted for, right? I mean, the U.S. was only about $100,000 of that. So you can imagine what's coming in the U.S. market. Now that we're no longer giving product away for free, I mean, I think we're somewhere around 3,000, maybe a little bit over 3,000 certified fitters right now, tons of activity with the organizations, with the colleges, with fitters, ramping up volumes. We're seeing  we've had great success with our launches right now in Russia and Taiwan. Other activity going on, including discussions with retailers and buying groups right now who are looking at figuring out ways to get MiSight into their organizations to do in more of a bulk manner, if you will. So just a lot of momentum in a lot of different areas makes us optimistic. And we see that every single month. We saw more of that in February. So certainly continuing to move in the right direction with MiSight.
Lawrence Keusch: Okay. Terrific. Thank you.
Albert White: Yep.
Operator: Next is Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Lawrence Biegelsen: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question and congratulations on a nice quarter here. Al, one on CooperVision, one on MiSight. So obviously it's an unusual timeout. I'd love to hear any color on recent trends in new fits, underlying demand. If you're willing to kind of tell us if February, you're continuing to see an improvement through February? And if we should  if the guidance implies kind of normal seasonality that your business typically sees CooperVision where Q2 tends to step up over Q1, et cetera? And I had one follow-up.
Albert White: Yes. So probably typical stuff, right? I mean, usually, Q1 is our lowest and Q2 is a little better, and then we kind of accelerate up in Q3 and Q4. I think we have the opportunity. We don't have it in our guidance really, but we have the opportunity, I think, for a stronger back half of the year, when you look at back-to-school activity. I mean, you look at here in California as an example, kids haven't been to school in-person in a year. So when you have back-to-school activity, you're going to have kids, not only the kids who would normally be coming in, having problems, seeing the blackboard, so to speak. But you're going to have all the kids that should've had it addressed last year because kids are working on video screens and things that are right in front of their faces now. So I do think that there's a potential certainly for pent-up demand, if you will, or kind of a boom or something like that with back-to-school activity being in-person. But that's on the come and I hope that happens. We're not really counting on that. Were trying to build that into our guidance. But we are seeing new fits continue to improve. Demand is there. We're seeing that on a global basis. I don't want to get into quarters, but  or months, but I mean, I will say February grew. So CooperVision grew in February, which was another good positive step in the right direction.
Lawrence Biegelsen: That's super helpful. And Al on MiSight, any color on China, the likelihood of China getting approval in 2021? And on Essilor, how do you see this playing out long-term? You guys both have other myopia management products. Can you  I know it's early, but can you envision kind of this JV building becoming broader over time in addition to SightGlass? Thanks for taking the question.
Albert White: Sure. Yes. With respect to China, we're continuing to have conversations on the regulatory front there. We'll see. Not too much to update on that. I mean, still I would kind of say cautious optimism that we get approval at some point here this year, but still some decent work to do on that. With respect to Essilor and the JV. I mean, Essilor is a great company. We have a great relationship with those guys. We're starting that myopia management journey together, if you will. They have a spectacle in the market. We obviously have a lot of products in the market between Ortho K and MiSight. Coming together on SightGlass Vision should be a home run. Were of a like mindset of wanting to be really successful there. Ultimately does that JV expand and include other things, potentially, we'll see how that plays out. I mean, right now there's so much activity and we're having so much success that we have our hands full certainly. But if it makes sense, if it makes strategic sense, it's something we would evaluate certainly.
Lawrence Biegelsen: Thanks, Al.
Albert White: Yes.
Operator: Next is Matthew O'Brien from Piper Sandler. Your line is now open.
Matthew O'Brien: Thanks. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. Al, I hate to talk about a product that's half of 1% of sales this quarter, but MiSight gets a ton of attention. So can you bridge us from this $3 million to $25 million this year? Just because it's all going to be domestic, right. I mean, international is probably not going to contribute a ton of a big, I'm sure Russia will be nice, but it's going to primarily be domestic. You've got 3,000 people here that are trained. If you do the math, it's like, they need to basically put a patient on per month for the last nine months of this year. So can you just give us some more color, it really bridges to the  from $3 million up to $25 million for the full-year to make us comfortable that you can get there?
Albert White: Sure. I mean, first of all, I would say that our growth outside of the U.S. was 80% or so, so I mean, you're talking about the vast majority of that $3 million sales was outside of the U.S. growing somewhere in the 80-plus percent kind of range. We're getting good growth here in the Americas. When you look at somewhere like Canada, we're just at the very early stages here in the U.S. of a lot of the revenue recognition. So we have thousands of kids, couple of thousand or more wearing the lens right now. So I think if we continue to be successful here in the U.S., that's great and we will continue to be successful. I mean, I see the numbers, I see the ramps coming. I see the fittings all the way through February here. I see the revenues moving up nicely, all that kind of stuff. But I would not diminish outside of the U.S. I mean, whatever it was $2.9 million, growing 80% and accelerating. So that's going to drive a lot of the growth.
Matthew O'Brien: Sorry, just to be more clear. I think last quarter it was $2.5 million and then this quarter, it was $3 million. And I think you said you just had 100 grand in the U.S., so sequentially, it didn't grow a ton. That's why I'm saying, domestically, it's probably going to have to pick up a ton of the slack. So again, the domestic piece, what really pushes that? I mean, some of these bulk purchases. I don't know what it is, but really what bridges that?
Albert White: Got you. Yes. I mean, some of that goes to like, if you would have just done annual purchases or have sold those products in the U.S., it would have been like $600,000 in sales or something like that for the quarter. It would have been much, much higher. So if you kind of go back in time and you look over it, right, you're talking about like, for this quarter as an example for us, because of the fiscal quarter was November, December, January, right? So you can imagine that's a little bit of a struggle anyways. That's why our sales are lower, right? You have optometry offices closed. You have the holidays, you have everything going on. You're trying to fit a brand new thing here. So we were pretty happy that the $3 million exceeded our expectations. That rollouts continuing to happen. You're getting docs fit. They're outfitting patients. Theyre getting more comfortable about it. They're learning about it. People around the world are hearing more about it. So you're going to continue to progress on that. And the $25 million is not requiring something crazy, right? Like, let's just say, it goes to $4.5 million as an example in Q2. And then it moves up towards $6.5 million, $7 million, something like that. And then $10 million, $11 million, $12 million, something like that. I mean, it's a pretty decent just normal kind of progression as we move through. And we have pretty decent visibility on that to be comfortable around that. The next year, right, the $50 million, if we're doing $25 million plus this year, you definitely become more comfortable with $50 million, especially when you're comping against having given a lot of product away for free.
Matthew O'Brien: Okay. Super helpful. And then we always talk about the halo effect of this. Are you starting to see any of that? I know that not necessarily on the MiSight side yet, but elsewhere throughout the portfolio. I mean, multifocals were really strong this quarter. Just anything that you're seeing so far? I mean, is it benefiting multifocals, anything to call out there?
Albert White: Yes. I would say we're starting to see the early signs of that, but not very much yet. Yes, I'm thinking off the top of my head. We had like 20% of docs who are fitting MiSight basically don't fit any CooperVision products. So we're definitely making progress, getting to know a lot of these doctors better, building relationships and so forth, all that kind of stuff. So I would be really hard pressed to think that we're not going to get synergies, so to speak from MiSight. I wouldn't say we're getting too much yet because we're really, really focused on MiSight rather than cross-selling a lot of other products into those offices right now, but we will do that.
Matthew O'Brien: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Next is Jon Block from Stifel. Your line is now open.
Jonathan Block: Great. Thanks, guys. Good evening. Brian, I will start with you. If I look at OpEx, I believe the spend in the past two quarters, the OpEx year-over-year seems somewhat flattish. If you actually strip out, what's the assumed MiSight spending initiative? So is that right? Number one, is it sustainable or actually, is there some sort of, call it, temporary benefits due to suppressed T&E from COVID that eventually comes back into the OpEx structure?
Brian Andrews: Yes. Good question, Jon. Were happy with the way OpEx played out. Obviously, we're doing a good job controlling expenses. When we guided last quarter, we talked about sort of what was going to be driving the guide and that was sort of FX favorability and then interest and tax is offsetting one another. And so the operational beat was strong. And when you look at our OpEx going forward with respect to the new guidance, there's certainly obviously going to be MiSight spend or myopia management spend, I should say. And then we're also going to be investing throughout OpEx as we see opportunities where we're going to be launching products, we're going to be expanding throughout the world, and we want to make sure that we're doing the right things within sales and marketing and promotions and so forth to fuel the growth that we see coming. So you'll see that kind of pick up a little bit, but we're still going to be mindful about controlling costs.
Jonathan Block: Got it. Okay. And then Al to pivot to you on myopia management, maybe if you could just talk about some of the markets like outside of the U.S. and Canada, for example, where MiSight has been out there for at least some time, what's the year one or year two utilization at a practice that you see for MiSight uptake? Is the churn limited on the kids? Are you experiencing any drops and maybe a sort of attack on for SightGlass? Do we think about that ideally as, hey, you have that six-year-old myopic kid that might be better for SightGlass and eventually transitions into MiSight come ages nine, 10 or 11 when they become more self aware? Thanks.
Albert White: Yes. You're right on SightGlass, right? You get young kids who are going to want to wear glasses and their parents are going to want them to wear glasses are going to be more comfortable with that, or think that, hey, my child can't handle contact lenses at this age. So I want to get them in treatment. I need to get them in treatment, but I'm more comfortable with glasses. So you're spot on there. Then you'll get some of that at young ages, five, six, seven years old. And you'll probably get a little bit of that also, if you even get into maybe eight, nine, 10-year olds and so forth, and then kids will want the contact lens at least that's been our experience so far. So that's why I keep saying, hey, I think the combination of those two together is really a powerful tool. When you look at outside of the U.S. kind of Canada, some of the markets where we've been selling MiSight for awhile. We're not seeing a lot of dropouts. We're seeing the kids come in and a very significant portion of those kids stay in and continue to purchase supplies after a year. The one kind of need thing we're starting to see in some of those more developed markets where we've had the product right now for a little while is a quite a bit more interest from some of the retailers about looking at it and saying, hey, we want to take some of our retail operations and open up myopia management segments to the stores and so forth. So we want to trial that, we want to see if we can really make this work. We see these independents having a lot of success and really growing, is there some way we could bring that into our operations. So we're having a lot of those discussions. As I mentioned, we've just entered into a 70-store trial to kick some of that activity off. And we have a number of other discussions that are going on right now.
Jonathan Block: Perfect. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Next is from Matthew Mishan from KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Matthew Mishan: Hey. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking the questions.
Albert White: Thanks, Matt.
Matthew Mishan: So I'm going to start with surgical because it seems like that maybe one of the bigger changes occurring in your business and there seems to be a lot more momentum there compared to some of the fits and starts over the last five years or so. Is there an opportunity now? Or do you see yourself as a consistent above market grower in surgical from here?
Albert White: Yes. So short answer on that is yes. We've done a lot of work in that business, as you know, back office manufacturing, distribution, we just made a couple moves. Holly got there, what, six, seven, eight months ago or something, has made some great moves. Mark Valentines taken over running commercial there. Some of the other folks who have moved up recently, I'm really excited about where we're at. We're taking market share. We're really well positioned. I think you're going to continue to hear me talk about taking market share and better growth. I know we don't spend a lot of time talking about surgical, but posting 7% growth for this kind of quarter, it does not  without channel fill or anything, that's demand on those products and patient flow and so forth and market share gains. That's a pretty damn good quarter that we just had, and I would envision more of that coming.
Matthew Mishan: Okay. Excellent. And then another area, which is a little bit surprising to me is that you have the Americas recovery outgrowing the Asia recovery and Asia used to be a consistent, like double-digit grower for you, kind of what are you seeing in that market? And when do you see that getting back to double-digit growth that you've had so consistent over the years?
Albert White: Yes. It's interesting in Asia, I mean that market is going to come back and it's going to come back really strong. I really believe that and we're trying to position ourselves perfectly for that, right. We're getting my  we have MyDay in Japan, we got the toric roll-on, we got clariti, right. That's  it's going to be a great market for clariti, rolling out into Japan. In some of the other countries, we have stuff going on. But you still have COVID and that's one of the things, right. Like everybody's kind of like tired of it and I get it. I am too, like everyone else is. But you still have the challenges out there. There is a lot of areas within Asia Pac where the optometry offices are in malls, right. And mall traffic is still really low. That's what I was talking about as vaccines start coming out. You're going to see increased foot traffic in places like malls and so forth. That's going to help a lot. So I do think we're going to continue to see consistent improvement in Asia Pac because we're starting to see things open up there, we're starting to get a little bit better. So I envisioned consistent improvement. And at some point that market going back to what it was kind of pre-COVID, if you will, and leading the world in terms of growth.
Matthew Mishan: Thank you.
Albert White: Yep.
Operator: Next is Anthony Petrone from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Anthony Petrone: Great. Thanks, and congrats on a strong quarter here. Maybe, Al, just to level set us once again on the latest views on the totality of the market opportunity around myopia control. I think we in the past spoke about a $5 billion TAM, and now that you have SightGlass Vision. Can you maybe segment that between soft contact lens and eyewear? And then I have one quick follow-up.
Albert White: Yes. It's a little tough because we're early stage on that kind of stuff. I mean the myopia management market right now, when you start looking at glasses being added into it, is well north of $5 billion. It's going to be a big market. I really believe that. I know people go back and forth on the ultimate size. But right now it's a little hard to fine tune. But ultimately it's going to be well north of $5 billion.
Anthony Petrone: That's helpful. When you sort of think about I guess the pressure a little bit there, eyewear versus a contact lens in the pediatric space. Just some checks we've done suggest certainly eyewear could be a little bit easier. But certainly there's a market for both. And so do you see one kind of leading the other or do they grow simultaneously? And then the quick one as for surgical would just be, we noticed the PARAGARD commercial on, again, the other night and it looks like that maybe a new campaign or revived campaign. Is that now national or is it regional? And if it's new, what should we expect, I guess, from a near-term bump from the DTC?
Albert White: Yes. So I think on the contact lens one, what we're seeing right now, what our surveys are showing is that contact lenses will play a bigger part of the myopia management market than they do in general for vision correction and part of that is certainly tied to the efficacy that we see, right. You put a contact lens and you're getting the full treatment a 100% of the time, right. Kids can take glasses off. They can do a variety of things with glasses, right. So when you're talking about a treatment, you want that full treatment at all times. So our work and our interaction with optometrists and survey work and so forth shows that you're going to see contact lenses being a greater percent usage than what we're used to seeing. Having said that, I happen to still believe that there's a big part of the market that's going to want to wear glasses and parents are going to be more comfortable putting their kids into glasses. So that'll be bigger. That's  maybe that's 60% of the market or something like that ultimately. And PARAGARD, yes, we're doing some advertising there. There's some new advertising that's coming out. Nothing I would go crazy about for anybody. I mean, we've been spending kind of a similar amount of money in the last couple years, and I would expect that again in terms of spend, which means more dollars flow into the bottom line. The one thing I would say about PARAGARD is, we grew, what 16%. It was a strong quarter. I would expect us to continue to have strong growth and we're going to have really strong growth in the next couple of quarters because we really didn't have sales in April and May. The health and wellness kind of trends that we're seeing out there that are helping to drive like daily SiHy, they're helping to drive PARAGARD also. So there's more interest out there right now tied to that. So we'll see how some of that plays out. But at this time, I kind of wouldn't lead you to believe anything different from the spending perspective, but I'm optimistic from a revenue perspective. That's for sure.
Anthony Petrone: Thanks. Helpful.
Albert White: Yep.
Operator: Next is Chris Cooley from Stephens. Your line is now open.
Christopher Cooley: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions and congratulations on a great start to the new year. Maybe just one for me, if I could on the MiSight acquisition. I'm just curious there, I realize you're getting rolling with MiSight now. But with  I'm sorry, I said the wrong thing, with the SightGlass acquisition. But with that technology, there's the potential to overlay that pattern on the contact lens just like you're doing on the lens blank now, or I would assume you will soon be doing on the lens blank with Essilor. Just thoughts on when we should start to expect to see that from a clinical trial perspective, moving forward? And then I've got a follow-up as it relates to CooperSurgical.
Albert White: Yes. I won't get too much into particulars. I will say that, we are doing a lot of R&D work right now in the myopia management space in terms of different kinds of contacts and different technology around those contact lenses. And we're going to have some exciting stuff that we're going to keep rolling out. I mean, we're not just MiSight and done. There's more coming, certainly in more technology, more intellectual property that we're filing to do our best obviously to put ourselves in the best position possible within myopia management in total and that includes within the spectacle space. So more to come on that, but we're definitely doing clinical work behind the scenes if you will.
Christopher Cooley: We'll look forward to hearing about that. And then I guess just on the CooperSurgical guidance for the full-year, it's a really strong step up and you do have some acquisitions there that flow in. Could you just kind of help us bridge kind of from baseline at year-end to that guide when we look at the growth in CooperSurgical? How much is, shall we say, PARAGARD or base business versus the additions there from these most recent tuck-ins? Just want to make sure I'm getting the growth rates correctly. Thank you.
Albert White: Yes. So you've got the Q1 beat, obviously, to roll in. You've got about something like $9 million that will roll in because of the acquisitions. And then you've got the remaining part is operational upside. A little bit more on the fertility side probably than the base biz. I think base biz is kind of a lot of core medical device products, probably low single-digits. PARAGARD is going to remain strong. And then fertility is continuing to outperform. There's a lot of pent-up demand in fertility. So that's being addressed. And when you combine the addressing of that pent-up demand, that's currently occurring in some markets and you layer in markets like India and others that are still not open. You're going to continue to get outsized gains in fertility. So that's kind of the combination of things to get there.
Christopher Cooley: Thank you.
Operator: Next is Joanne Wuensch from Citibank. Your line is now open.
Joanne Wuensch: Good afternoon, and thanks for taking the questions. I want to spend just a little bit of time not on this particular quarter, but how you see the out years. And what I mean by that is over the time and over year you've talked about operating margins expanding to X from Y or a revenue CAGR of X or whatever it might be. So if you were giving us an LRP or a goal or a reach goal even, what do you think the ongoing rate looks like?
Albert White: That's a good question. I think for the next couple of years as MiSight kind of moves to that $25 million to $50 million to $100 million to $200 million plus, you're looking at investment dollars associated with that and we'll start to get some leverage from that certainly, as we start  as we move into next year and the following year. But that's a high margin product, high gross margin that will have high operating margins. So once that stops being a drag, if you will, and starts turning to be a positive, the rest of the business is pretty good. I mean, you see what's going on with surgical right now that that part of the business becoming a little bigger, it has higher gross margins and great operating margins, the core CooperVision business has good margins and should continued to be solid if you will, with an add-on from MiSight. So I think if I was looking out, what Id say, hey, we're going to  the contact lens market is going to come back and go back to its normal 5% to 6% growth. I think you're going to see us continuing to take share off that plus myopia management on top of that. So I would expect some pretty good numbers if you're doing an LRP going out four or five years.
Joanne Wuensch: That's helpful. And then my next question has to do with MiSight. A lot of questions on this call on that. I mean, how do you think about a global launch and how do you think about training and ramping, and we've heard questions already today on China and obviously here in the United States. I'm trying to get my head around how you go from $3 million to $25 million to $50 million and so forth?
Albert White: Yes. It's a good question, right. I mean, when we look at it, we almost do it by market, if you will, right. So you could see, okay, what we're doing in Russia, Russia should be a very large market for myopia management. We just launched there, were in that ramp phase there, we see how well things are going, we see how well the fits are going. And we can calibrate that back to a place like Canada, where we're having a lot of success in Canada back to Spain where we're having a lot of success. So we kind of take the numbers that we've already seen in some markets. And we say, okay, in these new markets, if they grow similar to what we've seen in other markets, this is kind of what we're looking at. And that's how we build those numbers that you're referencing, right to $25 million to $50 million to $100 million. Hey, we're just going to continue to perform like we've been performing in spots where we've launched the product, where I think we have some additional upside to that ends up being with these  the retailers and the buying groups. Because right now, you're talking largely independent optometrists who are really grabbing a hold of this product and really excited about it. If you start rolling that into some of these bigger retailers or these bigger buying groups who grab a hold of it and want to push it, then I think you have upside to those numbers. But basically, to go back to answer a little simply, we're just taking our historical success rates and rolling those out and that's what we're seeing, right. We see that on a monthly basis in Taiwan and Russia, and here in the U.S., and in the Nordic region and so forth.
Joanne Wuensch: Thank you.
Operator: Next is Jeff Johnson from Baird. Your line is now open.
Jeffrey Johnson: Thank you. Good afternoon, guys. I think most of the questions, the big topics have been covered now. But Brian, maybe you can just help us, does interest expense and tax rate still kind of offset this year? Is that still the right way to think about it? And what was the currency benefit to the bottom line in the quarter and expected now in the full-year guide?
Brian Andrews: Sure. Yes. Sure, Jeff. Yes, for the full-year, I would expect interest expense is going to be down from last year, probably in the neighborhood of $23 million. Your tax rate  tax rate is going to bounce around a little bit, but I'd say it's probably going to be somewhere in the neighborhood of 12.5%. As it relates to FX for the quarter, FX to revenues was $15.9 million and it was $0.20 favorable EPS.
Jeffrey Johnson: Yes. And for the year, Brian, I'm sitting at about $0.60 or so favorable for the year, is that about a ballpark range?
Brian Andrews: That's about right. I mean, I'd say it's kind of in that 8 percentage tailwind kind of range.
Jeffrey Johnson: Yes. Okay. Thanks. And then, Al, I guess one bigger picture question for you, obviously a lot of positive updates tonight. If I've got the math, right, I think you're up relative to 1Q of 2019, not 1Q 2020, but 1Q 2019. You're up about on CVI, up about 5% constant currency. When I look at your full-year guide or the next three quarters really, you're closer to kind of 2% to 3%. Is that just relative to 2019? Is that just conservatism? I'm just trying to understand why we don't flow through at the same kind of 4%, 5% over 2019 growth rate for the next few quarters? Or is that kind of the goal, but you're being a little conservative in the guide? Thanks.
Albert White: Yes. Good question, Jeff. Yes, you're right. We kind of went back and forth a little bit here. Should we give annual guidance? I know a lot of people are not. Should we give a quarter? What should we do? At the end of the day, we feel like we have decent visibility on our business right now and the direction we're going. So we decided to give the annual guidance. I think that  maybe I'll answer it this way, when you're giving annual guidance and you're still in a pandemic, it's probably prudent to be a little conservative.
Jeffrey Johnson: Yes. Makes sense. All right. Thanks, guys.
Albert White: Yes. Thanks.
Operator: Next is Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Robert Marcus: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Al, I was  I feel like I know the answer of this seeing the results today. But I was hoping you could talk about what you're seeing in the competitive environment across a lot of different med tech sectors. We're hearing that new product switches or trialing isn't really happening at historical rates. So what are you seeing in terms of any impacts from competition? And then part two of the question, just wanted to confirm that there's no more manufacturing constraints, and how those products did relative versus your expectations in the quarter on the silicone daily hydrogel?
Albert White: Sure. Yes, I'll take that second one, Robbie. There are no more constraints, so we're out of the woods, if you speak, so to speak on that. Brian had mentioned kind of we finished the restructuring activity that we needed to do, we've ramped up product manufacturing and so forth. So we're in good shape on that and do not have constraints anymore. So I'm very happy to say that. On a competitive environment, yes, I mean, you know our space, we have good competitors out there and big guys out there who we go against, two are launching products. And I talked about this in the past, we're doing the same. I think we're more active than our competitors in terms of our product launch activity. It's interesting because you guys have heard about MyDay for a long time. But we haven't been in a position where we've been able to put it out there really, right. We've been capacity constrained on like a MyDay toric. So to us at times it feels like it's a brand new launch, even though it's been around for a little while. So yes, I mean good competitors with good products and they're doing some good things out there. I think we are too, and I think we're probably a little bit more active than they are on a global basis. So not too much to add other than that. I mean, you go back to pre-COVID and the industry was growing to 5% to 6%, and we were taking a little bit of share. And I think that's ultimately where we're going to go. The growth rates are obviously going to be a lot higher than that because of the cost. But you know what I mean the core growth rate is that's kind of what we're looking at.
Robert Marcus: Great. Thank you.
Albert White: Yes.
Operator: Next is Steven Lichtman from Oppenheimer & Co. Your line is now open.
Steven Lichtman: Hi guys. Just a couple of quick ones here at the end. Brian, on gross margin, you mentioned a number of sort of moving parts. Looking forward, I guess in both in 2Q and for the full-year, any directions you can provide us in terms of where gross margin can go?
Brian Andrews: Yes. Sure, Steven. Not too different from Q1 really. You're going to have obviously FX and product mix that might move it around, a little bit of manufacturing-related absorption, that's volume-driven. So as sales pick up, that stuff starts to go away. But I'd say we'd probably bounce around pretty close to where we landed on Q1 throughout the year probably landing somewhere even in that neighborhood between sort of 67.5% to 68% gross margins once we get through the year.
Steven Lichtman: Got it. And then, Al, on the daily silicone hydrogels, MyDay led the day and with toric and the supply improvement certainly that's a driver versus say your clariti business. But looking forward, how are you thinking about sort of MyDay versus clariti? Do you think they'll sort of be equal contributors looking forward? Or are you starting to see MyDay kind of pull ahead even beyond some of the supply catch-up? Thanks.
Albert White: Yes. It's a good question. Right now, MyDay has pulled ahead and MyDay toric is certainly doing very well. Clariti is still growing, but MyDay is in high demand around the world and especially the toric. The only thing I would add, as Japan's big daily market and the clariti is going to go in there now, and that's our usual kind of two-tier strategy where MyDay is kind of the more premium product and clariti will be the mass market daily silicone option there. And that should do fairly well there. So I would expect that to be kind of free growth if you will, for us in that marketplace. So clariti growing, it'll continue to grow. And I think that'll juice it up a little bit more. I dont know if it ends up at  I mean MyDay toric is doing really well. And the demand for that is really, really strong. I don't see that change. And so regardless it's good, right. I mean, at the end of the day, it's a kind of a high, low strategy with both of them doing well, so.
Steven Lichtman: That's helpful. Thanks guys.
Albert White: Yes.
Operator: Next is Steve Willoughby from Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Stephen Willoughby: Yes. Hi there. Thanks for taking my question. Al, I apologize if you guys commented on this at all. But I was just wondering, I believe last quarter, you guys talked about fits being down 10% year-over-year. I was wondering how you guys see fits in the most recent quarter? And whats the potential impact, if any, that could have as we looked out over the next year or two? Do you think there could be any sort of residual impact from fits being down over a prolonged period of time?
Albert White: Yes. It's a tough one. I think fits up and down, kind of people talk about consumption and so forth. And each period is a little unique right now because of what's happened with COVID and you can see fitting is improving right now. So it's a little tough to go back and say, they're looking like calendar Q4 because October, November, December was so different than the world that we're in today where we're clearly seeing improvement across the Board on that stuff. So to me it's a little hard to answer. I think that consumption has been strong. I look at it more on a global basis than anything, so I don't see too much going on because of that kind of activity. I mean, I'm probably a little bit more optimistic, if anything, that we're going to see an increase in fit activity as kids start back-to-school activity, all that kind of stuff that I am concerned about any fit activity over the last three or six months.
Stephen Willoughby: Okay. And then just one quick one for Brian, if you don't mind. I know you're giving full-year guidance. I realize you're not giving quarterly guidance. But Brian, I was just wondering if you could help us just with our modeling a little bit, given the wild swings in comps, how we should think about what constant currency growth could look like over the next couple of quarters here?
Brian Andrews: Yes. I mean, Al, talked about just the topline, obviously, we expect to see a sequential revenue growth. I mentioned gross margins already. I'm not going to get into too much detail about the quarters beyond that. We gave full-year guidance and it bounced around a little bit, but we'll have strong results. But I'm just going to stick with your guidance.
Stephen Willoughby: That's good. Thanks guys.
Operator: No further questions at this time. I turn the call back over to Mr. Al White.
Albert White: Great. Thank you, operator. Thank you, everyone. Appreciate the time. As we've talked about, we started the year up really well. We're optimistic about the future and so forth. So thanks for the time and look forward to talking to you again in three months. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, presenters. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-12-03 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Q4 2020 Cooper Companies Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Ms. Kim Duncan, Vice President, Investor Relations and Risk Management. Ma'am you may begin.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon, and welcome to The Cooper Companies fourth quarter and full year 2020 earnings conference call. During today's call, we will discuss the results included in the earnings release and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Al White, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Andrews, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that, this conference call contains forward-looking statements, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market or regulatory conditions and integration of any acquisitions or their failure to achieve anticipated benefits. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward-Looking Statements in today's earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including Cooper's Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings, all of which are available on our Web site at coopercos.com. Should you have any additional questions following the call, please call our investor line at 925-460-3663 or e-mail ir@cooperco.com. And now, I'll turn the call over to Al for his opening remarks.
Al White: Great. Thank you, Kim, and welcome everyone to our fiscal fourth quarter conference call. Let me start by providing some key takeaways. First, we continued taking share in the global contact lens market with CooperVision being flat for calendar Q3 against the market being down 3%. We are having success with our strong daily silicon hydrogel portfolio with unique products like Biofinity Energys and with several product launches. Second, CooperSurgical outperformed with fertility, PARAGARD and medical devices all exceeding expectations. In particular, we're taking share in the fertility market where we're seeing strong momentum. Third, our myopia management portfolio comprised of MiSight and ortho-k lenses performed extremely well including MiSight being up 73%. So we're taking share launching products and investing intelligently, including helping expand the pediatric optometry marketplace. Our teams are executing at a very high level and we expect that to continue. Moving to the numbers and reporting all percentages on a constant currency basis. We posted consolidated revenues of 682 million in Q4, with CooperVision revenues of 506 million down 3% and CooperSurgical revenues of 175 million down 4%. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $3.16. For CooperVision, the Americas were up 3% led by strength in MyDay and Biofinity and some rebound in channel inventory of roughly $10 million. EMEA was down 6%, which included quarter end purchasing delays from several large accounts as the region returned to more restrictive COVID-related lockdowns in October. Asia-Pac was down 8% with COVID-related softness lingering longer into the quarter than we were expecting. To add a little more color on Asia-Pac, we're well positioned in that region and taking share but the market has been sluggish. We're becoming more optimistic though as we saw a pick up in October and November driven by strong MyDay sales. Overall, for the full quarter revenues came in roughly where we expect it with COVID continuing to present challenges, but we're managing through it and taking share by executing on product launches and expanding our key account relationships. Moving to some additional quarterly numbers. Our silicone hydrogels dailies were up 1% in Q4, led by strength in torics and a strong rebound in MyDay sphere sales. We're seeing daily silicones as the clear winner right now, as health and wellness trends continue to drive adoption and this bodes well for us given our strong portfolio. Additionally, we're now fully unconstrained on MyDay, so we're able to aggressively launch the product around the world, especially the toric which is still relatively early in its launch stage. Biofinity and Avaira combined to be flat for the quarter, with strength noted in Biofinity toric and Energys. Energys continues to be a strong performer growing double-digit. It was launched a few years ago probably a little ahead of its time. But its innovative lens design that uses digital zone optics to help alleviate eye fatigue from excessive screen time is certainly catching on now as it's addressing an important need in today's digital world. Moving to our product launches, we remain incredibly busy with MyDay sphere and toric being launched or relaunched in many markets around the world. Biofinity toric, multifocal and Claritys extended daily toric range continuing their successful launches, and the launch of MiSight. One point to highlight is how incredibly active we are in the daily silicone hydrogel space right now, probably busier launching products than anyone. And we expect this to continue throughout 2021. Given there still exists roughly 2.4 billion in traditional daily hydrogels sales worldwide there's a significant multi-year trade-off opportunity for us and our industry. Moving to MiSight, the only FDA approved myopia management contact lens clinically proven to slow the progression of myopia in children things are going incredibly well. We now have roughly 25,000 kids around the world wearing MiSight, including over 1000 in the U.S., and the momentum with new fits is strong. We're still early in our U.S. launch but we already have 2100 optometrists certified to fit the lens and 1400 more in the process of being certified. We've also recently launched in Taiwan and Russia, and the early feedback is very positive. Additionally, we're accumulating some really interesting data from our U.S. launch, including the average age for a new MiSight wear is 11 years old. Getting fits in this age range is fantastic as the average age for fitting a new wear in regular contact lenses is 17, which means we're getting an extra six years' worth of revenue. Furthermore, 70% of kids being fit in MiSight are 12 and under, so we're changing the overall perception of what age kids can be fit in contact lenses. Regarding sales, even with continuing COVID challenges, our myopia management portfolio including MiSight and ortho-k lenses, grew 39% to $13 million. Within these results MiSight grew 73% to 2.5 million and ortho-k grew 33% which included 1.3 million in revenue from last quarter's acquisition of GP Specialties. For this coming year, even with COVID impacting the market, we're continuing to target 25 million in global MiSight sales, which is growth of roughly 250%. We're also targeting strong growth in our ortho-k franchise driven by positive developments such as the recent receipt of European CE mark approval for our Paragon lenses. When looking at the global myopia management market, we're at the forefront of an extremely exciting pediatric optometry category. Myopia management is in its infancy. But as we discussed last quarter, there's a clear path to a market that we expect will ultimately be well over $5 billion annually for manufacturers. We still have a lot of work to do. And we're investing in sales and marketing programs, new launches, regulatory approvals and R&D activities to really help drive the market forward. This approach is clearly working and it's great to keep hearing optometrists talk about MiSight as standard of care for their pediatric patients. As trained professionals, optometrists know that reducing the progression of myopia brings many benefits, including reducing the risk of serious eye disease later in life such as retinal detachment, cataracts and glaucoma. To conclude our vision, let me touch on the global contact lens market. We're seeing optometry offices mostly open around the world, and we're frequently hearing that they're fully booked with appointments running through January. Having said that, patient throughput remains below pre-COVID levels as offices work to get more efficient with COVID safety protocols and managing staffing challenges. From a consumption perspective, wearers are returning to their normal wearing and ordering habits. But new fits are running roughly 90% of pre-COVID levels on a global basis. And that's the challenge. New fits are certainly better in the U.S. and in markets like China, and it's improving everywhere that eyecare professionals are still struggling to meet demand. We're not seeing any signs of demand that is disappearing though. So we believe it's only a matter of time before new fit activity returns to pre-COVID levels and the pent up demand is addressed. On a longer term basis, the underlying growth drivers for our industry remain strong and they actually be improving with a macro trend of people spending more time in electronic devices with roughly one third of the world myopic and this expected to increase to 50% by 2050 combined with a continuing shift to daily silicone hydrogel lenses, geographic expansion and strong growth in torics and multi-focals, our industry has a very bright future. And for CooperVision, our strong product portfolio momentum within the myopia management space and strong new fit data puts us in a great position for long-term sustainable growth. Moving to CooperSurgical, revenues rebounded faster than expected to 175 million for the quarter. Although down 4% we exceeded expectations in a challenging market environment and expect solid performance moving forward. Starting with our fertility business, revenues rebounded nicely and we're only down 2% year-over-year. We're taking market share and we're well positioned for future gains with a strong product portfolio and improved traction with key accounts. Within products, our consumable portfolio grew this quarter led by our RI Witness system. This is an RFID lab-based management system that helps fertility clinics automate their processes by identifying, tracking and recording patient samples throughout the IVF process. Labs are starting to use it as a cornerstone solution to improve safety, reduce errors, improve workflow management and enhance compliance of standard operating procedures. The product almost doubled in revenue to 2.5 million and with a growing focus on safety and compliance within fertility clinics, we expect this product to continue growing nicely. Our genomics business also returned to growth this quarter as testing volume picked up and our media products also grew. The only softness we saw was in capital equipment which declined against the very tough comp from last year. From a fertility market perspective, we're still seeing COVID negatively impact patient flow and some important countries like India still have clinic shut down or operating with minimal patient volume. But the good news is, we're seeing patient flow improving and we believe we'll see IVF cycles return to normal soon. With this happening, we'll continue expanding our business through in person and virtual sales and marketing activity, adding sales personnel and expanding our product offerings. The fertility market has extremely positive long-term macro growth trends and as a global leader in the space, we're intent on helping the industry return to a strong historical growth rates. Within our office and surgical unit, we were down 5% slightly better than forecasted. PARAGARD continued to rebound down 6% to $50 million against the tough comp from last year due to buy-in activity before price increase. PARAGARD is another product that is benefiting from the positive wellness trends we're seeing in the U.S. As the only 100% hormone free IUD on the U.S. market, it offers a fantastic long-lasting birth control option that addresses the needs and interests of women looking for a healthy alternative. Sales of the product continued trending in the right direction through November. So we're optimistic we'll see PARAGARD grow year-over-year in Q1. Elsewhere, like many medical device companies, we've seen deferred elective procedures steadily rescheduled and our medical device sales have improved. We're entering this year in a really nice position with some of our focused products such as INSORB, our patented surgical skin closure device and Endosee Advance our direct visualization system for evaluation of the endometrium positioned to grow nicely as markets rebound. In conclusion, let me say I'm optimistic about the future. Our businesses are performing well and we're taking share. We're very active with new product launches, and we have fantastic dedicated people driving our businesses forward. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Andrews: Thank you, Al, and good afternoon everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis so please refer to our earnings release for a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. Our fourth quarter consolidated revenues decreased 1% as reported or 3% in constant currency to $682 million. Consolidated gross margin increased 70 basis points year-over-year to 67.7%. This was driven primarily by currency at CooperVision and efficiency improvements at CooperSurgical from our successful global manufacturing integration and consolidation efforts. This quarter was an extremely busy one for our manufacturing teams as we work diligently to finish most of our manufacturing restructuring activity. This now allows us to minimize costs, while optimizing production to more efficiently manage inventory levels and improve margins and cash flow. We're in a significantly better position with our manufacturing operations right sized for the current environment, while also being well positioned to ramp up quickly. We still have some absorption related inefficiencies, but we expect these to go away quickly as growth returns. OpEx was up 4.3% year-over-year largely due to plan to MiSight investment activity, including sales and marketing, regulatory and R&D costs. This resulted in consolidated operating margins of 26.8%, down from 28.5% last year. This performance slightly exceeded expectations as we continued effectively managing expenses, balancing costs against investment opportunities. Interest expense for the quarter was $6.7 million driven by lower interest rates and lower average debt and the effective tax rate was 11.1%. Non-GAAP EPS was $3.16 with roughly 49.6 million average shares outstanding. The year-over-year FX impact for the quarter to revenue and EPS was a positive 10.6 million and a positive $0.15.  Free cash flow is strong at 111 million comprised of 218 million of operating cash flow offset by 107 million of CapEx. Net debt decreased by $76 million to 1.68 billion and our adjusted leverage ratio decreased to 2.15x. Before moving to guidance, I want to mention an item you'll see disclosed in the tax footnote in our upcoming 10-K. In November as part of an internal restructuring to simplify our supply chain, CooperVision's intellectual property and related assets were transferred from Barbados to the U.K. Although this will impact our GAAP financials, including a significant one-time P&L benefit in Q1, along with offsetting adjustments over the next 10 plus years, we will exclude these entries from our non-GAAP results to ensure transparency. We do not expect this having a material impact on our non-GAAP tax rate over this period. Moving to guidance, we were hoping to give full year guidance but the surging COVID cases in Europe and in the U.S. make that extremely difficult. So we're providing only Q1 guidance at this time. This includes consolidated revenues of 642 million to 670 million down 1% to up 4% or down 3% to up 2% in constant currency. CooperVision revenue of 482 million to 502 million down 1% to up 4% or down 3% to up 1% in constant currency. And CooperSurgical revenue of 160 to 168 million down 1% to up 4% both as reported and in constant currency. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $2.66 to $2.86. As compared to last year, we expect the midpoint of our non-GAAP EPS guidance to be up $0.07 due to a positive $0.21 currency impact offset by MiSight investment activity and slightly lower gross margins tied to unfavorable manufacturing absorption. Below the line, we expect lower interest expense to be roughly offset by a higher effective tax rate. Lastly, on cash flow, we made significant progress completing our multi-year capacity expansion program and expect solid improvement in free cash flow moving forward as operating cash flow improves and CapEx reduces. In conclusion, even with COVID, we expect to start the year off well. We have strong product lines, solid manufacturing and distribution capabilities, growing key account relationships, plenty of MyDay capacity and our dynamic myopia management business. We plan to continue taking market share and we look forward to COVID vaccines and better treatments returning markets to normal. And with that, I'll hand it back to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Larry Keusch of Raymond James.
Larry Keusch: Couple questions here. I guess the first one, Al, if you could kind of come back to MiSight. Obviously, it sounds like things are going extremely well there and certainly, way over performed the number of optometrists that you anticipated that you would train for the year, I think you were targeting closer to 1000. And obviously, you did significantly better than that. But the guidance said 25 million remains the same. So what do you think it takes to get more confident in moving that guidance up?
Al White: Yes, good question, Larry. You're spot on. We are doing quite a bit better than we anticipated, right? The number of certified docs here in the U.S. up, you're seeing similar activity outside of the U.S. and sales and so forth, picking up commensurate with all of those certifications. So the thing that holds that back really ends up being COVID. And that's really it. I think, if we kind of move along, like we are now in the marketplace or see anything better, I think we have a chance to beat that number. Maybe the other reason you could argue a little bit on the conservative side is because that is back end loaded. Right? I mean, you're looking at continuing increases every quarter, but you're going to see a big Q4 of next year. So that's the question mark. I do think we have the potential to beat that number, though.
Larry Keusch: Okay, perfect. And then two other ones and I'll jump off. Just relative to single use spheres. I think the revenues for the quarter came in a bit below what the street was anticipating; you obviously called in some channel inventory that I think was lower than you had anticipated. And also there were some issues in sort of orders being delayed in Europe due to COVID. But could you parse out perhaps on the -- just on the single use sphere side, what some of those dynamics might have been? Because it does feel like those revenues are probably held back. And then just quickly for Brian, the COVID adjustment to COGS was, I think if I got this right, 37.2 million that was larger than the 22 million in roughly the 3Q and 2Q. So could you walk us through why that increased so much sequentially and how we should be looking at that adjustment for the 1Q outlook? Thanks.
Al White: Yes. So let me touch on single use sphere. Where we saw strength there was on silicone hydrogels. And where there was weakness was your traditional dailies. Right? So no surprise there. We're taking share. We're growing on the silicones side of things, the traditional side softer. If you look at the impact, yes, the channel inventory came back here in the U.S. not quite as much as we were thinking. I think you'll see some of that trend back here and as we move through this year, but a little bit less than we were thinking there. Same in Europe, there were some orders that we were expecting kind of at the very end of October, that I think will end up seeing come back here as we move through fiscal '21. A number of those orders, whether in the U.S. or whether in Europe would have been, frankly, daily silicone, so it would have improved that number. I will turn it over to Brian for the
Brian Andrews: Sure. So the question on adjustments Yes, there's nothing I would highlight that was materially different from what we talked about last quarter. In fact, we talked on our last earnings call about how this activity would push into Q4. Now there were a significant number of things that we needed to do to right size, our inventory levels and our future production levels. Frankly, the work that was done by manufacturing, the manufacturing teams is no small task, especially to get the vast majority of it completed by fiscal year end. So at the end of the day, the steps we've taken to address the COVID-related challenges are putting us in a great position as we enter 2021 and the adjustments are going to be dramatically reduced starting in Q1.
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen of Wells Fargo.
Larry Biegelsen: Two for me, one on Q4 trends in CVI and one just kind of big picture on fiscal 2021. So Al, can you talk a little bit about the Q4 trends in CVI, August was up, you said on the Q3 call. So it looks like September and October were down a little bit year-over-year. How is November relative to the midpoint of the CVI guidance for Q1, I think of about negative 1%. And then, I had a follow up.
Al White: Yes. I don't want to get too much -- into too much detail on a monthly basis. I know we're doing that a little bit through COVID. I kind of want to step away from -- step away from that. You can kind of see a little bit of what happened though. If you look at the calendar number I gave versus the fiscal quarter. So yes, I mean, October was down, it was tied largely to what I was talking about activity at the very end of October. The only thing I'll really say is November, I'm going to give you the same answer I gave historically, November, performance is included in our guidance.
Larry Biegelsen: Got it. And Al, how do you see fiscal 2021 playing out just maybe directionally. I know, you don't have guidance out there. You did seem comfortable with where consensus was in mid-September, before COVID started, obviously spiking dramatically here. Can you still grow sales and EPS, in fiscal 2021 over fiscal 2019? Thanks for taking the questions, guys.
Al White: Yes. So I won't get into too much detail on that. It's a little tough to compare to '19. The issue ends up being it's just COVID. I don't want to say that it's anything else, because it's not everything else in our business is going well, as Brian said, we're really well positioned from a manufacturing distribution perspective, our product launches are going well. We gave guidance here, assuming things kind of continue as is, which is frankly not very good, COVID cases going up and continued struggles in a lot of places. So we're assuming that continues, and that's baked into our Q1 guidance, anything that comes out better than that, with respect to vaccines happening or improvements, I think we provide upside for us. And you can kind of look at our Q1 and hopefully make some assumptions off that as we move forward tied to whatever your assumptions are with respect to COVID. But I'm personally optimistic with the news that I see out there, that's for sure. And the fact that you have optometry offices open around the world and fit coming back, and so forth, and consumers who wear contact lenses are really back to what they were pre-COVID, in terms of their wearing habits and their ordering habits. So a lot of really positive signs there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Mishan of Key.
Matt Mishan: Just when you look at the level of inventory in the channel right now, where is inventory versus patient demand? Is that equalized to your, to the point where you're not going to see some stocking in one quarter and some destocking in the next quarter? And have you finally reached that point?
Al White: Yes. I think so. And that's one of the reasons I kind of say that we need to get away from months again, because we always see this, we always have our entire lives with in terms of orders coming in and one month being up and one month being down and so forth. But channel inventories has basically equalized, I would probably say if I had to pinpoint it, looking at all the numbers and charts and everything that we have, it's lower than it was pre-COVID. But your sales are a little bit lower. So I think you'll continue to see as we move through '21 here, positive trends there. And if anything shorter term, maybe you get a little bit of positive that we're not anticipating that would come from some of the delayed October aspect. But I would certainly hope that I won't be talking about channel inventory moving forward.
Matt Mishan: Okay. Excellent. And then just a longer-term question, like it's interesting how Cooper's evolved over the years, like where you guys were previously like fast followers inside high-end daily side. But now you're sort of -- you're starting category leadership in MiSight, and especially the lenses kind of what's the advantages of being first in these markets? Is it just more sticky over time, is it harder for people to catch up to you?
Al White: Oh, yes. I mean, you're absolutely right. I mean, I remember when I started here, years ago, now we were -- we used to talk about ourselves as a fast follower, and almost take pride in it. That is not the case anymore. I mean, we're clearly the most innovative contact lens company in the market, period. And being a category leader is a big deal you get in there first, you look at MyDay toric as an example, that daily toric lens in the marketplace, wide parameter range, you get that inner, you get the fitting set in there. Why would somebody replace it? You bring in a new one with fewer skews. Why would you replace a high-end fitting set like MyDay? So being in there first is massive. When you look at category creation, like MiSight product, I mean, right now, the myopia management world that's being created is defining that world as MiSight. It's almost like Coke, you go order a coke, they hand you a Pepsi. Right now, the world's been defined as MiSight that's how powerful that program is right now as a category leader. So yes, I can't say enough good things about what the team has done over the last several years here. It's been -- it's amazing. So it's great being the innovator right now versus being the fast follower.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew O'Brien of Piper Sandler.
Matthew O'Brien: Al or Brian, can we just focus on the daily piece of the business first, because it's probably going to get the most attention tomorrow. Again, like Larry mentioned, it is a little bit below what people were modeling. Get out time on the market, now, you've got J&J rebating more aggressively, the economy is obviously a little bit of a headwind, people aren't going out as much. So what can you really point to maybe under the hood here that we can't see that really gives you confidence and a rebound in that business as we hopefully come out of the pandemic? And are you getting a lot more new patients? Are you getting a lot more clinicians? What is it that you can really point to with all these other moving parts that we really can't see clearly?
Al White: Yes. Well, I think some of it, you're looking at the earnings release that we put out there, right. And so you're talking about single use spheres there. If you look at single use torics, especially torics, which are strong for us, multifocals, you're seeing better performance there. So if you narrow into that, that line item, you're talking about weakness in single use spheres coming from older hydrogel lenses, right? The whole industry, that's still a massive part of this industry, it's 2.4 billion in sales, and it's declining, and it's being replaced by silicones. And that's where we're doing well, when you look at what happened at the end of the quarter in terms of people not ordering, when you see orders get delayed. What we've seen here through this pandemic is, the orders that are getting delayed and the pull down in channel inventory is tied a little bit more to daily silicones than it is anything. So at the end of the day, the weakness is coming from weakness in the industry in the marketplaces, daily, traditional dailies move away, and daily silicones transition over. When it comes to the sphere, we had a strong sphere quarter with MyDay. I think that one of the things that makes us feel good about that and looking specifically at the daily sphere side of things, is the success we're having with MyDay sphere coming back in the marketplace. We were constrained. I talked about that for a while on past earnings calls, we pulled that product off of market in several countries, right? We didn't launch it as aggressively as we could. We are now unconstrained on that product. So you're seeing MyDay out there, unconstrained we're aggressively rolling it out. I feel really positive about the future of that. And I don't want to downplay clarity, either, by the way because clarity, definitely doing well. But MyDay is definitely outperforming.
Matthew O'Brien: Okay. That makes a lot of sense. It's more expensive, and there's a lot more with the chef to hold. So that makes sense, the inventory levels have come down among all the different products you sell. Okay, makes sense. So then you flipping over to MiSight. Again, it's a big step up from 7 to 25. But the number of docs that you've got certified now, if I just do some quick back of the envelope math, As far as what you did in revenue last year, seems like, again, don't have perfect numbers here. But it seems like, a lot of your doctors are adding a couple of patients per month to MiSight on average. If you read it, is that a number that seems reasonable for this group, fairly quickly? Because it is so new because you're pretty much only game in town on the market? Is that a way to kind of put some aerobars or triangulate on how to think about, this next tranche of docs and how many patients they can add on a monthly basis.
Al White: Yes. You wonder what's really been interesting about that is that that's true. So we get these docs. They come in, they get certified, they fit a kid or two, they want to see how it's working out. So a lot of times they'll fit a couple kids and then they'll wait a little while and they'll see how that interaction is with the parents how successful it is. And then, what we've seen is a significant ramp. Like if you looked at it as a curve, it's just a very fast ramp, because once they get comfortable with it, and they say, yes, this product works, yes, I can sell it, I can talk to parents, clearly these kids can wear it, right, which was a hurdle concerned about whether an 8, 9, 10 year-old can wear these lenses. Yes, all those things get checked. And when they get checked, these docs are flipping over and saying, well, I'm going to talk to every single pediatric patient I have that comes in here about this product. And we see these big ramps going. So if we continue to see that kind of activity, we should all be very excited. I mean you're holding Cooper stock, you're a happy person if we continue to see ramps that we're seeing there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Block of Stifel.
Jon Block: I guess first one, I certainly get the hesitancy to provide specific fiscal '21 guidance. But I'm just curious, qualitatively anything that could comment on, maybe should market share gains continue at the same clip, versus the past 12 to 24 months of being accelerated based on your comments to the daily portfolio? And then, Brian, sort of a similar question for you, any high level comments, if you would, from a margin profile? Then, I've just got a quick follow up.
Al White: Yes. Our work market share gains, it's a little hard to tell. I don't see anything that would indicate we're not going to continue to take share each quarter. In terms of how much share that is, that's a little bit of a question mark. And that'll vary quarter-by-quarter. Clearly a product like MiSight, ortho-k, some of that stuff, the Biofinity Energys. Those are unique products to us, that are high growth products. So those are going to help continue to take market share themselves. I kind of hesitant to forecast, whether it would accelerate or not, but I do believe we'll continue to take market share, as we move through 2021.
Brian Andrews: Yes. I guess I'll take the margin question. I mean, we're not getting guidance beyond Q1, but I mentioned in my prepared remarks, gross margins being slightly down from volume related absorption. And also, higher MiSight spend. So, beyond that, I mean, there's obviously lots of pluses and minuses from COVID. And we're going to be dealing with that, but those are the two primary drivers that I would say, outside of FX that kind of brings you to the midpoint of our EPS range.
Jon Block: Okay, got it. And maybe just the follow up question is, pretty specific to myopia management and MiSight. Can you just remind us or detail for us, the MiSight spend targets this year from an advertising or DTC perspective? And if you could remind us what those investments totaled in fiscal year '20? Because I'm guessing, even with the revenue ramp this year in MiSight, depending on what you're doing, from a DTC perspective, it could actually be more diluted before maybe we start going the other way. And in fiscal 22 and beyond. Thanks, guys.
Al White: Yes. I hate to get into some of that stuff. But I'll look at Brian, I think we did. We had about 15 million to 18 million, something like that in Q4 spend on MiSight. So a pretty significant number, then we must have roughly hit what we were going to do for the full year about 25. million. So it's a pretty good investments going on, Jon, no question about that. I would not clearly not take the Q4 spend and just annualize that. We spent a lot. We did a lot of great stuff around the launch. We're looking at it right now to determine kind of how we're doing in the best way to drive that market forward. But it is dilutive for a little while and then it should it should flip over and become pretty accretive to gross and operating margins, won't be accretive, I guess to gross margins now, but accretive operating margins in a couple years and it should be in a pretty good way.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Petrone of Jefferies.
Anthony Petrone: Maybe I'll start with a couple on CVI and then I'll have a question on MiSight as well. So on CVI, maybe just an update on the competitive dynamics, as they've trended through this year, just your updated view there. And in particular, Bausch is out there with the new SiHy daily lens, as this outcome with precision one. So any kind of views competitively? And in that regard, as well, just have you seen anything new on the rebate front? And then, I have a follow up on MiSight? Thanks.
Al White: Yes. Nothing new on the rebate front. I think we're probably at a point here, we're in a relatively new near future. We'll get some updated news from some of our competitors on the rebate activity, because they have a tendency to do that as we move into new calendar year. So maybe they will, maybe they won't, I don't know. But there's been nothing new. On competitive dynamics, I mean, at the end of the day, we have great competitors out there. They are always launching products. They have for as long as I've been here, and I'm sure they will for as long as I am here. So all we can do is continue to do what we can do, right? We manage our own business. We launch our own products. We drive success from our own products. We have a very active launch campaigns going on right now. We have a strong pipeline. So we control -- we can control and as I mentioned, I think we'll continue to take share doing that.
Anthony Petrone: It's helpful. On MiSight, just going back to the 25 million guide, I'm just curious as to what's baked in there from a stocking standpoint amongst trained ODS at this point and geographies that are cleared? And maybe Al, if you have any updated views as you continue to scrub numbers on the TAM opportunity for MiSight in particular, it seems that the feedback we continue to get is bullish, I'm curious if there's updated views on the TAM. Thanks again.
Al White: Yes. Some good stuff there. First of all, no stocking in the 25 million. So the assumption there is we just continue to ship product directly to people's homes. So zero stocking. Geographically, we are expanding, we launched in a couple markets. We just got approved on another one, we'll launch there. We're making progress, trying to get approvals in some huge markets, right? China is one of them that has some potential. So I think you'll continue to see us talk on these quarters coming forward about new markets that we launched into. If you look at the TAM, it's really fascinating, we did the numbers last quarter and said, a total market kind of over $5 billion annually. We based that on 8 to 12 year olds. I mentioned on this earlier in my prepared remarks that about 70% of the fits we're seeing in the U.S. are 12 years old and under. When you start seeing fitting of 13, 14, 15, 16 year olds, which we clearly see outside of the U.S., and here in the U.S. off label that expands the size of the market. So I'm not sure what the market is, when it comes to like braces and so forth. But you could make a pretty good argument right now that north of 5 billion is definitely in play. And when you when you talk about spectacles, I look forward to some of the -- some products coming and some of the advancements I've seen out there with spectacles that they're still very early. But that'll help drive this market forward. I think that ultimately, contact lenses are going to be more efficacious than spectacles are. So I think we'll have a great position there with a market leading contact lens, but I do think you're going to have a very large pediatric optometry market. I really believe that. It'll be north of 5 billion annually for manufacturers.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Chris Cooley of Stephens.
Chris Cooley: Just two for me. Maybe Al or Brian, if you could help us with the PARAGARD number, you said you do expect that to grow year-over-year in the coming fiscal year? Just curious if that's growing, without having to make a more aggressive DTC push? Or if that's assuming a continuation of focused marketing? And if so, kind of how do we think about that spend relative to MiSight? Then, I've just got a quick follow up on CVI as well.
Al White: Yes. So PARAGARD, the only comment we gave on growth, was expecting Q1 growth. So I do think that it will grow here in Q1 year-over-year. The spending on that this year, I would think would end up being pretty similar to what we did this year. The direct to consumer spending is trending more towards social media now. We did a lot of that, like the television spending and so forth. And a lot of that was expensive. So we can pull back on that activity shifted over to social media type spending and get a bigger bang for our buck, without spending any more money. So I think ultimately, we're going to see more profitability coming from PARAGARD, right, because you're going to get some growth on a year-over-year basis, you're going to hold your spending flat. So I think we'll be in a good spot there. With respect to MiSight, it's a little top, I mean we're going to spend more on MiSight, then we're going to spend on PARAGARD, when it comes to all the activity that we put behind MiSight. But I won't get into quantifying what that'll be, because it does get dependent on when we get approval on markets around the world.
Chris Cooley: Understood. Appreciate you clarifying that. And then, just lastly from me, I know, it's still early days, and it's not a typical operating environment by any means. But when you look at your most mature MiSight fitters here in the United States, could you maybe just contrast how that practice looks for you from a sales basis, say versus the prior year? If we think about not only, not just, if we exclude just the MiSight portion, but you think about total Cooper lens utilization there. I'm just kind of curious if you've seen a lift and if so in, what type products or is it broader based? Thank you.
Al White: Yes. That's a real interesting one. You would think that the docs who are fitting MiSight were CooperVision docs, right. But that's not really what we've seen. The people who have gravitated towards MiSight are people who either were doing myopia management beforehand through things like ortho-k or [myopia] [ph] or something else, or people who have bigger pediatric practices. So obviously, we give some preferential treatment to people who are more part of the CooperVision family, or who are willing to ship more product over to the CooperVision family, that halo effect kind of concept I talked about. It's still very early, but it's broad. It's not focused on CooperVision docs. It's broader in terms of the optometrists who are looking at it, using our competitive products for other options.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Johnson of Baird.
Jeff Johnson: So maybe just a couple cleanup questions here that I've got at the end if possible. Al, you talked about MiSight being big and fiscal Q4 of the coming year here. How backend loaded are you thinking guidance, number one? And number two, what drives that? Is that just kind of thoughts around vaccine and the cumulative impact of all the doctor training, just trying to get kind of the pacing of MiSight here, locked down maybe if we could?
Al White: Yes. Well, December Q4, as you remember in the U.S. as an example, we were given the first two fists away for free. So as we've done some of that activity, and a lot of kids are getting fit. If they get a year supply, well, they're not going to get there next year supply until Q3, Q4, of next year. So you're going to get kind of a ball that's just naturally that happens there, people order their year's supply. And they're paying us right, because right now we gave that to the doctor for free. So the doc received the money. We didn't receive the money. We will in Q4 of next year. And then, you just get the natural ramp itself, right? So we're up to what it was 2100 optometrists. We had a lot of optometrist here in Q4, Q3 definitely in Q4, it's accelerated. We have a lot in the backlog here in Q1 who are going through it. So as a lot of those optometrists come on, and they start fitting kits and so forth in the lens, do a few, do a few more, as I mentioned, it has a tendency to ramp up quickly when they're successful. So just naturally, it's going to move to Q4. That will continue right into Q1 next year, Q2, Q3 because it's a natural ramp. So it's not related to COVID. There's nothing specifically related to COVID on that. It's just the cadence of how the revenues evolve.
Jeff Johnson: Yes. That makes sense. I don't think I heard the answer Jon's question on MiSight spending this year, you kind of said you hit that 25 million target for the year, obviously, Q4 was a big part of that. But just above or below 25 million again, as we try to dial in kind of full year OpEx side of the model.
Al White: It'll be over 25 million. It's just a matter of what it'll be right? Because I mean, if we happen to get like early approval in China, I could see it being a decent amount higher than that. If we don't, it'll be less. So hard to dial that in right now. Because some of it does depend on, COVID, we get rid of COVID here early and you see new fits and stuff, you'll see our spending increase. And then, again, the more markets we get into the more spending, you'll see. And by the way, just to be clear on that, like that spending is DTC related, but it's also related to R&D. We're doing a lot R&D work for new versions of MiSight and enhanced versions, and so forth. It's regulatory, because regulatory approval cost and so forth are high in a lot of markets around the world. It's myopia management specialists, we're still we're selling through our existing sales forces. And we're not going to add salespeople, but we do have and are adding more specific myopia management specialists who docs can call and talk to. So it is kind of a broad spending that is attached to it rather than just DTC.
Jeff Johnson: Okay. And I know you don't typically break it out, but in your Americas, the plus 3% growth this quarter, my gut is that South America might have been a little lower and U.S. higher, but your competitors did put up like 10% to 20% U.S. growth. I'm assuming they got, kind of a full impact of channel inventory. And you guys spread it out over your Q3 and Q4. But if you give us kind of your U.S. number that'll help us maybe kind of gauge that a little better, if possible.
Al White: Yes. If you look at it from a competitive standpoint, like if you looked at in calendar, Q3, so we did apples-to-apples, where we were flat and the market was down 3%. We grew a little bit. The U.S. was stronger, right? The U.S. was stronger than Latin America was. I don't have those numbers handy. I mean, we don't really break those out much. But there's not a big difference between us and the competitors there. If you look at the competitors on a consolidated basis, it's pretty similar. Just a little bit of share again.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Willoughby of Cleveland Research.
Steve Willoughby: I had a couple for you, if you don't mind. I guess just the first. Have you thought it all about -- you made a comment about new fits running, 90% of normal are down 10%? What is the potential impact from that over the next year or so? And then, I had two follow ups for you, Al.
Al White: Yes. If you look at it on a global basis, somewhere around 15% of our revenue comes from new fits. So I kind of break that up. And I say, okay, 85% of the market is kind of gone back to normal. And they're wearing habits are normal, they're ordering patterns are normal. Now, we're still seeing some fluctuations. And maybe that's down just a little bit. But a big, big chunk of the market is back to normal. If I look at the 15% of revenues that we get from new fit, that's what's running at about 90% right now. So the question to get back to our more traditional growth rates. And obviously, we're going to grow faster here because of the cost. But if you look through that, and you say get back to your 7% kind of growth rate that you guys have, you want to see those new fits come back, right, because 90% of 15 knocks you down a point or two. So that's really where we're seeing that, that we need to have that comeback. So it's not a massive number, right? Because it's 90% of 15, if you will, does that make sense?
Steve Willoughby: Yes. It does. So then second, one of the changes because of COVID, that happened to both you guys and the industry has been more direct to patient shipping. And so, was wondering, what impact that is potentially had as it relates to revenue, if you're shipping more direct, which I believe you guys are continuing to still do. The doctors just don't need as much inventory in their offices, the distributors don't need as much inventory in their warehouses. And, I guess also with that, too, if patients are ordering and you're shipping direct, has there been any change in the rate of annual supply purchases, that could be impacting things as well. And then, I have one final MiSight question.
Al White: Yes. You are spot on, right? We're doing more direct to patient shipping than we've done. Because of that you have some less channel inventory. This quarter even, I kind of talked about that 10 million in the U.S. And I thought that number was going to be closer to kind of 15 million maybe 17 million to get us back to where we were. I think what's happening is that what you're talking about, right, the direct to patient shipping, the better inventory management kind of through the system prevented that from happening. So if we stay as is with the direct to shipping then fine, right? If it goes back to the way it was beforehand, ultimately, we will pull that that revenue back in. I have a tendency to believe that direct shipping is going to remain. So I think we kind of stabilized from an inventory perspective. But to your good point there, it did hit us a little bit.
Steve Willoughby: Does that have any impact if the doctor doesn't -- if the OD doesn't have that, a lens in inventory? Does it impact, potentially impact their decision or what lens they prescribe? If I'm a doctor, and I've got lenses sitting on my shelf, like I'm going to want to get rid of them? Does that make sense?
Al White: Yes. We haven't seen that because of the fitting set. So they have a tendency to go to whatever fitting set that they like, and the lenses that they like, the higher volume product that you're going to get, they're still going to have their. It'd be more on the outsides of the bell curves, outside especially with torics and so forth. So they'll go with like to MyDay toric fitting sets they have that's how they'll fit somebody, and then we'll ship the product directly to them. So you're probably just taking more of the middle of the bell curve being in their office and more of the tail of the bell curves being stuff that we're shipping directly to patients.
Steve Willoughby: Got you. Okay. And then, MiSight question. Following up on Jeff's question in terms of marketing spend, I know there's some variables there. But compared to the -- you're going back a number of quarters, when you started initially talking about the potential multi-year revenue ramp in MiSight. It sounded like, the marketing spend, could continue to grow quite significantly. So, if you did 25 million in 2020, is spending 50 million in 2021 out of the equation? And also within that is that the revenue in 2021 to 25 million? Is that depending upon getting any new approvals in any countries anywhere?
Al White: No. Getting to the 25 million, we don't need approvals in other countries. I think we'll get a few right but we don't need it. On the spending side. It's interesting as I've been educated by some of our highly sophisticated marketing people here between like, spend media and earn media and so forth. We're getting more whatever you want to call it free media, like Popular Science Magazine just awarded us, one of the top new products in the market. The New Yorker just put us in their magazine is a gift giving idea. We've seen it in, whatever, People Magazine and all these different things. That's all free marketing. So we've been pleasantly surprised at how many people are picking up MiSight and talking about it and getting it out in the marketplace that we're not having to pay for, right? So that's one of the things that actually interestingly is helping us save a little bit of money is that you are seeing the -- not only the profession itself gravitate towards talking about myopia management, but you're talking people outside of profession are talking about it a little bit more. So that's kind of cool. So I don't think that you're going to see a 25 to 50 million spend scenario.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch of Citibank.
Joanne Wuensch: I appreciate the first quarter guide, particularly when the world feels Sunday is a little bit upside down. But for the full year, could you just give us an idea of what you're thinking about the tax rate, the impact of foreign exchange and some of the other metrics which should be outside of the land of COVID-19?
Al White: I'll let Brian answer that one.
Brian Andrews: Well, by that he means we're not going to be talking about. I hear you Joanne, at the end of the day, I think we're just going to be guide into Q1 and we'll leave it at that.
Joanne Wuensch: Okay, I'm going to try something a different way. Barbados to the U.K., can you just give us a second of what the decision was behind that and what the one time P&L benefit will be? And I want to make sure I understand whether that goes into non-GAAP numbers, or is that going to go only in GAAP numbers?
Al White: Sure. Okay. Well, I'm going to try not to make this a lengthy conversation, we might have to talk after hours. But at the end of the day, there's not a whole lot to add other than right, what I said in my prepared remarks, the IT and related assets are transferred to the U.K. and stepped up to new fair market value. It's going to result in a significant deferred tax asset in Q1. So that's going to be shielding us from future taxable income over the next 10 plus years. So what you're going to find is with that significant DTA, our GAAP, EPS is going to be significantly high in Q1. And then, in all the subsequent years, it's going to be lower than our non-GAAP rate. And so, the non-GAAP adjustments that we're going to be making will basically neutralize the amortization shield that will result from -- over the over the next 10 years.
Brian Andrews: But to be clear, you won't see that in non-GAAP.
Al White: But you won't see that in non-GAAP. That's correct.
Joanne Wuensch: Okay. So going back to my first question, for tax purposes, we should think about historical, relatively recent historical tax levels in non-GAAP EPS.
Al White: Yes. I'd say that's appropriate.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Pasquale of Guggenheim.
Chris Pasquale: Brian, not to make this too much of a tax conversation here. But my understanding was that the company's historical, low tax rate relative to peers was driven in large part by the favorable tax jurisdiction for the IP. So why would changing that domicile not have a negative impact resulting in a higher tax rate going forward?
Brian Andrews: Well, that's a very good question. Ultimately, the step up in basis that we get from transferring those that IP and the related assets into the U.K. provides an amortization shield against that the future taxable income. So, yes, we are eventually going to be paying taxes, but will have a tax shield for the next 10 plus years.
Chris Pasquale: Okay. But after that 10-year period is over, the tax rate was step up, because the difference in jurisdiction?
Brian Andrews: Yes.
Chris Pasquale: Okay, interesting. And then, Al, if you could just walk me through some of the thinking around the guidance. If I back out the inventory benefit that CVI got this quarter, you would have been down about 4% to 5% constant currency, the macro picture seems more challenging now than it was through most of 4Q, but 1Q guidance is down 1% at the midpoint, so it's implying underlying improvement. So walk through the thought process there and maybe contrast the two periods?
Al White: Yes. What we're seeing is that optometry offices are open. So if you go back over the last six or seven months, you had offices closed and you had reduced foot traffic, and that's continued to improve. So you have optometry offices open everywhere, even in Europe, they've excluded optometry offices, such that they're an essential business and can remain open. So we're in a better position from optometry offices being open than when we were and we're in a better position in terms of the amount of foot traffic that's coming through those open offices. The other thing is, we've seen wearers return to their normal wearing habits and purchase patterns. Yes, there was a study that was just done. I just read it today that 76% of people wearing glasses are talking to their optometrist complaining about fogging. That's amazing. Three out of four people who wear glasses are talking to optometrist about fogging of their glasses. So you are seeing more activity. And I'll tell you, we're going into the winter months, right? So there are things that are making the contact lens market actually a little bit better in in our fiscal Q1 than kind of what we were seeing in fiscal Q4. And if you compare that on a year-over-year basis, that helps because, I mean, keep in mind, the numbers we're talking about here for fiscal Q1, down 1% at the midpoint, that's against a really a non-COVID quarter last year. For us, we don't because of the way the fiscal quarters work. So we're back to almost growing and maybe even growing in fiscal Q1 comparing a COVID-impacted quarter to a non-COVID impacted quarter. So pretty good stuff.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robbie Marcus of JPMorgan.
Robbie Marcus: Brian, you touched on first quarter EPS and some of the inputs to get there. If I take the revenue guidance, and basically hold SG&A and R&D flat, similar, maybe a little step down in gross margin, is that the way to think about how to get there?
Brian Andrews: Yes. More or less, yes.
Robbie Marcus: Got it. And Al, maybe just quickly. You talked about how reorders are the vast majority of the business, what are you seeing in terms of where you are as a percentage to normal? Are you picking up on any trends of people stretching it out? Is it different by geography, just trying to think about how the reorder businesses is trending? And what that might look like post COVID? Thanks.
Al White: Yes. It's a tough one to answer because it is different around the world. Just because you're seeing different amount of COVID cases, different amount of restrictions and so forth, different amount of activity. But if I just pull that back up to a high level, I go back to some of my comments that you're seeing things for the significant number of contact lens wearers going back to normal, their ordering patterns, going back to normal, all that type of stuff, going back to pre-COVID levels. There's nothing I'd really highlighted, particularly unique around there.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Steven Lichtman of Oppenheimer & Company.
Steven Lichtman: Just had a couple of P&L questions. Brian, just on gross margin, obviously you mentioned this slight headwind in 1Q, will that unfavorable manufacturing absorption impact that you mentioned, will that continue past the first quarter?
Brian Andrews: Well, not with growth. I mean, it's really purely tied to sort of volume related inefficiency. So as we grow, then that starts to go away.
Steven Lichtman: Okay. And then, secondly, I guess CapEx for the year was north of 300 million. You mentioned that should come down. Can you give us a sense of what that number could be for fiscal year '21?
Brian Andrews: Well, it's going to come down materially, or at least meaningfully. We did 307 million or so over 100 million of CapEx in Q4. We'll still have a pretty decent CapEx quarter in Q1 probably followed by maybe a slight step down in Q2 and then a more meaningful step down in the second half of the year. So, I wouldn't be surprised before somewhere in the neighborhood of, let's say $75 million less than where we ended this year.
Operator: Thank you. I'm showing no further question at this time. I will turn the call back over to management for any closing remarks.
Al White: Okay. Well, it sounds like we're in good shape. Thank you, everyone. Appreciate your time heading into the holidays. So good health to everyone and best wishes and I look forward to speaking to everyone next year when we get to our conference call in March. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-09-03 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to The Cooper Companies Inc. Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to, Kim Duncan, Vice President, Investor Relations and Risk Management. Please go ahead.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon, and welcome to The Cooper Companies third quarter 2020 earnings conference call. During today's call, we will discuss the results included in the earnings release and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Al White, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Andrews, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that, this conference call contains forward-looking statements, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market or regulatory conditions and integration of any acquisitions or their failure to achieve anticipated benefits. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the Company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward-Looking Statements in today's earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including Cooper's Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings, all of which are available on our website at coopercos.com. Should you have any additional questions following the call, please call our investor line at 925-460-3663 or e-mail ir@cooperco.com. And now, I'll turn the call over to Al for his opening remarks.
Al White: Thank you, Kim, and good afternoon, everyone. There are a number of things to cover on today's call, but let me start by saying our businesses are performing really well. They improved as we moved through the quarter, and that momentum continued in August. Before getting into the details, I want to first congratulate Dan McBride and the entire CVI organization for their performance during COVID. With our relatively strong June performance of down 3%, we hit key milestones, including increasing our global market share to 25% and becoming the number two contact lens company in the world. The team is executing at an incredibly high level right now, driving our key strategic initiatives of expanding key account relationships, launching new products, upgrading distribution capabilities and expanding manufacturing. Combining this with our strong support of the independent optometrists, our extremely high customer service levels and the recent U.S. launch of the most innovative contact lens in the world, MiSight, we remain in a great position to continue taking share. Moving to the numbers and reporting all percentages on a constant currency basis. We posted consolidated revenues of $578 million in Q3, with CooperVision revenues of $449 million, down 11%; and CooperSurgical revenues of $129 million, down 24%. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $2.28. These results were stronger than expected as both businesses bounced back nicely from COVID lows. Our strength continued in August, and we've incorporated that in our guidance, which Brian will cover later in the call. For CooperVision, all three regions posted improving performance as we progressed through the quarter with both June and July being down low single digits. For the full quarter, the Americas and Asia Pac were down 9%, while EMEA was down 15%. These results were better than expected as the strategic initiatives we've executed on over the past couple of years really show their value during these challenging times. We're also seeing a halo effect from our MiSight launch, bringing attention to our other products with positive activity in our daily silicone hydrogel and Biofinity franchises. Outside of CooperVision-specific drivers, we've seen consumption improve with consumers returning to more normal wearing habits as social activity picks up and as video conferencing gains traction. Looking ahead to the fall, including back-to-school activity, we believe the market will be stronger than we were previously expecting. Parents were concerned about their kids' screen time, and with online education increasing, they're proactively addressing their worries by scheduling eye exams for their kids. Digital eyestrain is an issue for a lot of children but also adults as screen time and videoconferencing has increased significantly. This issue causes headaches and problems focusing and is, therefore, something we all need to be attentive to. In conjunction with the improving consumption, we're incredibly busy with product launches, including MyDay sphere and toric, which are being launched or relaunched around the world. MyDay has been in high demand for a long time, so it's great to be selling these premium daily silicone hydrogel lens in an unconstrained manner. We're also successfully continuing our global launches of Biofinity toric multifocal, and clariti's extended daily toric range. And lastly, MiSight is in launch mode, and I'll cover that in a minute. With all these going on and with new offerings in the pipeline coming, we'll remain extremely active for quite some time. Moving to some quarterly numbers, Biofinity and Avaira combined to be down 8% in the quarter with strength noted in Biofinity toric and Energys. You may remember, Biofinity Energys is a very unique lens using digital zone optics to help alleviate eye fatigue from excessive screen time. It's a perfect fit in today's world, and it showed a nice pop, growing 4% in the quarter. Meanwhile, our silicone hydrogel dailies were down 11%, rebounding nicely as the quarter progressed, including growing in July, with notable strength in MyDay toric. With this activity, we've seen channel inventory rebound and expect to be back to pre-COVID levels by fiscal year-end. Moving to MiSight, the team has done an amazing job. As the only FDA-approved myopia management contact lens clinically proven to slow the progression of myopia in children, interest is incredibly high. We far outpaced our initial estimates with over 1,000 optometrists in the U.S. now certified to fit MiSight, with many more in process. With this success, we just launched an exciting multichannel direct-to-consumer advertising campaign, including partnering with well-known actress Sarah Michelle Gellar as our celebrity spokesperson. This initiative has already accelerated consumer interest in MiSight, and it's being received incredibly well by optometrists. What's most exciting is that we're creating a new category. Myopia management is in its infancy, but it's set to become a brand-new multibillion-dollar category, and we're at the forefront. Regarding the total addressable market, if we narrow the market to just 8- to 12-year olds, which covers the FDA's approval for MiSight, we estimate the U.S. myopia management market to be around $1.5 billion from a manufacturer's perspective. The math behind this is pretty straightforward. In the U.S., roughly 40% of people are myopic, and we conservatively estimate the percentage of myopic children ages 8 to 12 to be 20% as many kids become myopic in their teenage years. There are roughly 20 million children between the ages of 8 and 12, so this equates to 4 million kids being myopic. All these kids would benefit from myopia management. But based on household income and the current lack of insurance reimbursement, we estimate roughly half the kids are candidates. This creates a total addressable market of $1.5 billion in the U.S., assuming an annual price of $750 for a myopia management program such as Brilliant Futures, which includes the MiSight specialty lens and accompanying support, including training, geo-targeted marketing and a dedicated myopia support specialist. Adding Europe and the rest of the Americas increases the total addressable market to roughly $2.5 billion, and adding Asia Pac, where the prevalence of myopia among young children is considerably higher, takes the total addressable global market well over $5 billion. These numbers do not include teenagers, so they may be conservative, but they appear reasonable for contact lens programs such as MiSight and ortho-k at this time. When looking at these estimates, you clearly get an appreciation for why we're so excited about creating this new category and why you're seeing optometrists now talk about pediatric optometry as a new market, similar to what you see with pediatric dentistry. And remember, everyone knows myopia needs to be corrected in order to be able to see, but more and more people are becoming aware that it needs to be treated to reduce the higher risk of serious eye diseases, including retinal detachment, cataracts and glaucoma. Regarding sales, even with COVID challenges, our myopia management portfolio, including MiSight and ortho-k lenses, grew 15% this past quarter to $9 million. Within this, MiSight grew 35% to $1.6 million. With the U.S. MiSight launch now fully underway, we expect solid growth in Q4. One additional point to highlight regarding myopia management and specifically MiSight is the positive impact we're seeing from telemedicine. Myopia management consultations involve a lot of early-stage dialogue with parents that can easily be handled via virtual consultations, which is extra important today with COVID restrictions. These virtual consultations have been conveniently helping families understand what myopia is, how it progresses and the critical need for treatment. To conclude on vision, let me touch on market data. For calendar Q2, the market felt the impact of COVID and was down 32%, while we were down 27%. With this outperformance, our global market share increased to 25%, and we posted record shares in all three regions, including strengthening our number one position in Europe. We also posted extremely strong New Fit Data, which bodes well for the future. This is a testament to the hard work of our team and the strong execution on our multiyear strategic investment plan. Regarding future market growth, the underlying dynamics driving our market remain in place and may actually be increasing with the macro trend of higher screen time. The key for our market remains myopia, where it's estimated roughly 1/3 of the world is now myopic with that number expected to increase to 50% by 2050. Combine this with the continuing shift to daily silicone hydrogel lenses, the trade-up from legacy hydrogel to silicone hydrogels, geographic expansion and growth in torics and multifocals, and our industry has a bright future. Moving to CooperSurgical. We reported revenue of $129 million. Although down 24%, we solidly exceeded expectations in a challenging market environment. Even more encouraging, both the fertility and office and surgical business segments posted improving results as we proceeded through the quarter and into August. Within office and surgical, our flagship brand, PARAGARD, saw a strong rebound as offices steadily reopened. PARAGARD placement activity increased over the course of June and July, and we've seen that activity continue in August, so we expect a solid Q4. Elsewhere, we've seen deferred elective procedures steadily rescheduled, and our medical device sales rebounded nicely. In particular, our focus products are performing solidly, such as INSORB, our patented surgical skin closure device, and Endosee Advance, our direct visualization system for evaluation of the endometrium, looking for potential causes of abnormal uterine bleeding. These products were down only slightly for the quarter, and we expect stronger results moving forward, especially with Endosee Advance as it capitalizes on the trends of physicians and patients preferring an in-office setting to an OR visit. All this success is a testament to our R&D group's ability to continue developing innovative products and our hard-working sales teams. Moving to fertility. We were down 26% for the quarter, slightly better than expected. Fertility clinics have largely reopened around the world, and we're seeing some really positive trends. Patient flow is improving, and the market is starting to address pent-up demand, including through the use of telemedicine. With this, we believe we'll see IVF cycles return to normal in the U.S. and Europe by year-end, with Asia Pac following in Q1. Regarding products, we saw a nice rebound in our consumables such as media and pipettes as the quarter progressed, and our genomics business actually grew nicely in July. These trends continued in August, so this bodes well for our business to strengthen considerably in Q4. Moving forward, we'll continue to focus on in-office and virtual sales and marketing training sessions, adding sales personnel where appropriate and expanding our product offerings. Fertility remains a long-term global growth business with very positive trends, so we'll continue investing in this space, supporting our market-leading position. In conclusion, our businesses are performing well, and we're optimistic we'll continue to see improvement, driven by our strong product portfolio, including some unique products like MiSight, Biofinity Energys, our ortho-k lenses and Endosee Advance. With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Andrews: Thank you, Al, and good afternoon, everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to today's earnings release for a full reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. Our third quarter consolidated revenues decreased 15% or 14% in constant currency to $578 million. Consolidated gross margin decreased year-over-year to 66.3% from 67.3%, primarily driven by lower PARAGARD sales and higher expenses associated with COVID, partially offset by positive product mix at CooperVision. CooperVision's gross margin decreased to 64.8% from 65.6%. CooperSurgical's gross margin was 71.5%, down from 72.4%. OpEx was down 5.8% year-over-year, resulting in consolidated operating margins of 23.2%, down from 28.4% last year. Despite the top line pressures, our performance exceeded expectations as we effectively managed expenses, offsetting higher COVID-related costs. We did this while supporting our employees, funding higher MiSight and PARAGARD advertising programs and maintaining investments in internal projects, such as upgrading our IT infrastructure. We will continue to closely monitor expenses, balancing the costs against investment opportunities. Interest expense for the quarter was $5.7 million, driven by lower interest rates. The effective tax rate was 14%, reflecting the geographic mix of income and lack of option activity. Non-GAAP EPS was $2.28 with roughly 49.5 million average shares outstanding. And the year-over-year FX impact for Q3 to revenue and EPS was a negative $3.3 million and a positive $0.03. Free cash flow was $68 million comprised of $113 million of operating cash flow, offset by $45 million of CapEx. Net debt decreased by $67 million to $1.75 billion, and our adjusted leverage ratio was 2.23 time. Given we're approaching the end of our multiyear capital expansion project, we remain very comfortable with our current and expected liquidity and leverage. Moving to guidance for Q4. We're guiding to consolidated revenues of $665 million to $693 million. This includes CooperVision at $500 million to $520 million, which is minus 2% to plus 2% on an as-reported basis or minus 4% to flat in constant currency. This incorporates our strong Q3 and tough comp from last year, which included 11% growth in Asia Pac from buy-in associated with the Japan VAT increase. For CooperSurgical, we're guiding to $165 million to $173 million, which is minus 9% to minus 5% as reported or minus 10% to minus 6% in constant currency. This also incorporates our strong Q3 and tough comp from last year, which included 12% fertility growth. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be between $3 and $3.20. And with that, I'll hand it back to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Larry Keusch from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Larry Keusch: I guess, Al, maybe just starting with a question on rebating. Obviously, that had been stable for some quarters now and saw a little bit of movement in this most recent quarter. So just wanted to get some sense of kind of how you're thinking about rebating activity out there. And are you still thinking that net pricing is actually still positive?
Al White: Yes. Larry, when we're talking about rebating, the vast majority of what we're discussing here and what you're referencing, I believe, is associated with U.S. consumer rebating. So it's a relatively small part of what occurs on a global basis from a pricing perspective. But there was some activity during the quarter from one of our competitors. I guess all I could say is when you look at that, I'm not going to comment on their strategy behind why they've decided they wanted to give up profits. But for us, we have a pretty strong product portfolio, obviously, we're gaining market share. We're doing really well with what we have in the marketplace, and rolling out new products, and we're excited about where we stand. So we feel like we're in a really good position. So I don't have much to comment on that other than just we're pretty happy with our position and where things are going.
Larry Keusch: Okay. Perfect. And then I just -- secondarily, just, again, can you, I guess, kind of a 2-part question, just talk a little bit about kind of how you're thinking about your manufacturing capacity for MyDay toric, kind of where that sort of sits right now? And then I guess along with that, there was about $22 million adjusted out of COGS for COVID in this quarter, very similar to the levels in the fiscal 2Q. So does that imply that the production lines are still idled? And do you -- where do you stand versus the last call when you expect those expenses to start to decline in the fiscal fourth quarter?
Al White: Yes, sure. So from a production perspective, we're in really good shape right now. We're definitely in a good shape with MyDay and included -- including MyDay toric, as we talked about, we ramped up a number of lines here over the last couple of quarters, and production is ramping up nicely. So we've continued with full production on MyDay. I think we'll continue on full production. I don't see us stepping back with respect to MyDay production based on the demand we're kind of seeing around the world. With respect to the call-outs from the quarter, yes, we had a number of COVID-related call-outs associated with some specific COVID-related actions that we took if we had an employee or someone who was infected and we had to take actions. And then we also proactively initiated an inventory control project, and that meant taking some lines down. So those were the costs that were incurred associated with that. We do not anticipate having any of those kind of costs occurring in fiscal '21.
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Larry Biegelsen: Congrats on a good quarter in a tough environment. Al, let me start with CVI. First, how much should restocking contribute to fiscal Q3? Do you expect that to continue in Q4? Will you provide us, Al, with the growth rates in July and August? I heard you say June and July was down low single digits, but will you give us specific monthly growth rates? And maybe this is nitpicking a little bit, Al, but on the Q2 call, you said you would be flat to up slightly for CVI in Q4. Now you're guiding to negative 4% to flat on a constant currency basis despite the fact you did a little better -- you did a lot better in Q3 than you expected. So why the slightly lower guidance for Q4? And I guess I'll drop, Al, given the multipart -- after that, given the multipart question.
Al White: This is a multipart question. First off, thanks, Larry. Yes, it was a good quarter, so appreciate that. On the restocking, some of it is a little hard to get your hands around as you go down in doctors' offices and so forth. But I think it would be fair to say that we probably had about half of that restocking come in this past fiscal quarter. So in fiscal Q3, I think we'll get the rest of the stocking that we lost in Q2 back during Q4. So I've kind of split the two of them in half to some degree. If you look at June, July, August, June was down 3%, July was down 2%. I'm not going to get into specific monthly numbers going forward because I'm not sure that's a good thing to keep doing. We did it because of COVID and so forth, but I guess I will say that, for August, CooperVision and CooperSurgical both grew year-over-year on a constant currency basis. So obviously good news there. If you look at the Q4 guidance for CooperVision, yes, I was talking about fighting hard to get back to flat. Our guidance shows minus 4% to flat on a constant currency basis, up a little bit without currency, as reported. I think part of that frankly just goes to -- we've seen consumption increase, and it increased faster than we were anticipating, which is great news, right? But that did pull some of that channel inventory fill into Q3. So let's say that we were thinking $5 million, $7 million, $8 million, something in Q3, we ended up with probably $10 million extra channel fill that moved from Q4 into Q3 that you don't have that as an easier way, if you will, to report the stronger Q4. Having said that, I'll take all day long the pickup in consumption and improvement in the marketplace.
Operator: Our next question is from Matthew Mishan with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Matthew Mishan: Al, I just want to get back to the ECPs. And I think you mentioned that parents were proactively scheduling like eye time. Your performance seems to be outpacing the patient visits to the ECPs. Kind of what do you think the capacity for ECPs are at versus a pre-COVID level? And like down low single digits, it just seems like you're well ahead of where the ECPs are with visits.
Al White: Yes, I think so because I think right now, ECP offices are open. They're basically all open right now. Now there are different degrees in terms of how many patients are seeing -- a very significant percentage of them are back doing new fits, so that's good news. Now they're not at the same level they were historically, but their back door is open, patients coming in, new fits occurring, so a lot of positives from that perspective. Yes, our performance is better than that, if you will. That's coming from share gains. And we kind of saw that in calendar Q2. I believe we're continuing to see those share gains right now. And I think that, that goes back to what I've talked about over the last couple of years, right, which has been more tied to our own strategies. And I know a few people may have been frustrated every quarter, I get on, I talk about distribution investments and product launches and that kind of stuff. But if you look at what we've accomplished over the last couple of years and where we are with key account relationships, the focus that we put there, right, with launching the new products, with upgrading those distribution capabilities so we can ship product directly to people's homes and what we've done in terms of expanding our manufacturing, we're just in a really good spot. So yes, the market is coming back, and we're taking share in that market. And when you look at some of the unique products we have like Biofinity Energys and our ortho-k lenses, specialty lenses and so forth, it puts us in a really nice position to continue that. And that's the last point I'd touch on, which is we're launching MiSight. We're having conversations with a lot of optometrists about MiSight, and we are starting to see that halo effect, where you're having those conversations with people, you're able to talk to them about your other products.
Matthew Mishan: Okay. Excellent. And then just as a follow-up to that, I think you mentioned that you had new offerings in the pipeline coming. I guess where do you think you have portfolio gaps on the contact lens side? And do you think it makes sense to migrate Energys down to the dailies?
Al White: Yes. Good question. I'm not going to get too much into the pipeline. I mean we have some new products that will be coming out. We also have some expanded things like the expanded toric range we have going out for clariti right now. So I don't want to get too much into that from a competitive perspective other than to say that the backlog is pretty good right now, and you'll be seeing more products coming.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Johnson with Baird. Please go ahead.
Jeff Johnson: So Al, I wanted to talk about that, you said August up a little bit for CVI, it sounds like, or in positive territory. I'm sorry, you can probably hear my dog barking, perfect time here as I start my question but -- sorry about that. But with up in August, talking to flat to down 4% for the quarter, is that just conservatism in there? Is that how we should think about that? And how do you reconcile -- I find it interesting in the Eyecare Business data, I don't know if you follow that, but they talked about June and July down 4%, 5% as well, but then a little bit worse in August. And you guys are obviously bucking that trend. But has there been some backlog in June and July that's helping that, that might ease out a little bit over the next couple of months? Just how to think about kind of the backlog versus normalized demand?
Al White: Yes. I think the backlog is helping a little bit, right, because we did see some of that pullout of inventory in Q2. And because consumption has picked back up, that's a situation where distributors, retailers need to order product back up and stock their shelves, so we have not really seen a pullback in terms of the marketplace right now. So when you look at fitting going on there, new fitting, but I'm speaking with respect to our products. Again, I think where -- we took share. I think we're continuing to take share. So I can't really comment on that on the marketplace, but I can tell you, things continue to move in the right direction for us. If you look at Q4, I certainly don't want to stay conservative. And I guess I'd say that for two reasons. One, COVID still exists, and it's still out there, and there are still spikes and so forth. So I think you still need to take into consideration the potential for some disruption associated with COVID around the world. And the other one I would mention is, as a comp, we did 7% last quarter, and including we had some buy-in in September last year in Asia Pac because of the VAT increase in Japan. So we'll see how it plays out. I mean I'd love to be able to tell you after the fact it was conservative. But right now, I think that's probably a pretty reasonable guidance.
Jeff Johnson: All right. That's helpful. And then MiSight, are you still thinking $7 million to $8 million? I just don't remember what the number is, with $1.5 million this quarter, what that brings the year-to-date number to. And then, Brian, just to make sure, is there any tailwind from the C&E acquisition you did in the quarter for CVI? Or is that too small to really matter?
Al White: Yes. On MiSight, what are we at, around $4.5 million for the year. So yes, I still think we have a chance to get into that $7 million to $8 million range based on how successful things are going right now. You would think that new fit -- with the way new fits are and so forth, that would be impacting it a lot more than it is. But we seem to be kind of plowing through some of that from a physician's perspective. So I still think we can be in that $7 million to $8 million range. And then I still think we'll be $25 million or so in MiSight revenue next year. I think on the acquisition you're talking about...
Brian Andrews: GP Specialists, the...
Al White: GP Specialists, that one you're talking about?
Jeff Johnson: Yes. I'm sorry, yes, GP Specialists, I called it, C&E. But yes, same thing, sorry.
Al White: Yes, same thing -- okay. Yes, yes, yes. On the product, yes. So we acquired that business at the beginning of August for about 25 -- I'm looking at, Brian, $27 million, something like that.
Brian Andrews: Yes.
Al White: It will add about $1 million of revenue per quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from Jon Block with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Joh Block: I'll start with MiSight. Sort of one question with two quick hits to it, the first is just, Al, you did a great job breaking down the market and the market size. What would it take for you guys to get label expansion beyond 8 to 12? You mentioned a pretty big chunk sitting in the teen years, so how do we think about your ability to go 13 to 18 over time? And then you also talked about the halo effect. And I get it, it's early, Al, but is there any data that you have on for a MiSight adopter, what their overall CVI growth rate is versus, call it, the non-MiSight adopters? And then I've just got a follow-up.
Al White: Yes. So getting the label beyond 8 to 12 will be a little challenging here just in terms of where we are from a clinical perspective. Now we're doing a lot of R&D and clinical work and so forth, and we'll have -- we'll expand out the product offering and so forth. But I don't think we'll be seeing a label beyond 8 to 12 for a little while. But keep in mind two things. One, that's here in the U.S. market per the FDA. Outside of the U.S., you don't have that restriction. And then even here in the U.S., based on some of the initial fitting -- because we already have hundreds of kids in the U.S. are already wearing MiSight, and a doc could fit it off-label if they wanted to. With respect to the halo effect, it's still really early here in the U.S. We've seen some of that halo effect outside of the U.S. We're seeing it some here in the U.S. in terms of conversations we're having because we're getting ECPs wanting to talk to us, wanting to have a dialogue about what is MiSight, how does it work, how do I sell it, how do I bring that into my practice, right, how do I adjust my practice to accommodate MiSight, how do I incorporate telemedicine into that sale. All that kind of stuff, well, as you can imagine, when you're having that dialogue with them, you're also taking the opportunity to talk about your other products. So there's no question there's a positive halo effect there. But at this point in time, I don't really have numbers to be able to give you to specifically point to.
Joh Block: Okay. Got it. Fair enough. And then second question is just when you talked about CVI last quarter, you talked about three distinct headwinds. It was inventory, it was consumption, it was new fits. And you mentioned about sort of clawing back to normalized inventory between 3Q and 4Q, consumption is just partially dependent on COVID, and then there's a new fit. I guess where I'm going with this is with most of the practice opening, when we look to next year, whether that's your fiscal year or the calendar year, do we revert back to normal growth, right? Because inventory should be trued up by the end of the fiscal 4Q. When we think out to fiscal '21 or calendar '21 for you or the industry, do we think about a reset in the market sort of reverts back to that mid-single-digit to mid-single-digit-plus range?
Al White: Yes, I do think it can. I mean you're going to have inventory work itself back here, as we talked about. So you kind of take that off. If you look at consumption, I think we were all concerned about consumption to some degree. People working from home and what was going on, what we've seen more recently here over the last couple of months is, one, people going back to work. Our office here is probably a third to a half filled up on most days. But the other thing you're seeing is the video conferencing. You do video conferencing now, in our company at least, and I think it's trued in a lot of places. You are on the screen, so it's not a conference call. It's a video call. So the same reason that people are wearing lenses for cosmetic reasons, they're now wearing them because they're probably even more conscious about how they're looking than they were even coming into the office. So that's helped. There's other anecdotal stuff you talk about glasses fogging up as an example, right? I mean so you're seeing contact lens wearers actually wear their contact lenses more because they're getting annoyed with glasses fogging up, and you think that's only going to be worse in many parts of the country as winter gets here. So I think there are some -- there is obviously negatives on consumption, but there's positives on consumption that we probably weren't anticipating. New fits are definitely coming back up. There's been some pent-up demand on new fits. We've heard that. We've seen that in the research that we're doing out there and especially among your teenagers, your younger group of people. So COVID is still out there. It still exists, right? It's still a challenge in a lot of parts of the world and some markets coming back. So I certainly don't want to get ahead of ourselves. But I do think, as we move into next year, depending upon when it is during the year, you're going to see contact lenses move back to normal growth rates, if you will.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Petrone with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Anthony Petrone: And maybe two follow-ups there to Jon's questions. One on CVI, I'm just wondering what was the benefit in fiscal 3Q from new fits specifically associated with back-to-school? And just how is the back-to-school season playing out, I guess, in fiscal 4Q? And how much of that is reflected in that guide? And then on margin expansion, just a follow-up there would be, you mentioned that, obviously, some of the benefit was cost control. How much of the cost control is sort of completely executed? Or is there more cost control efforts that are still available to the Company when you look out the next 12 months, should the COVID cycle sort of extend?
Al White: Sure. I'll answer the first one, give a shot on the second one and let Brian add, if he has color he wants to add. It's tough on the back-to-school side of things. I mean we're -- we were sitting, at one point, months ago, thinking that, that was going to be close to zero. Back-to-school has kind of turned to, if anything, back to learning, if you will, right, where you're seeing people online and learning online. And what we've seen from a lot of people and kids, right, is everything that goes along with that, the headaches, the digital eye fatigue and so forth and parents reacting by calling optometrists and asking them about that. So the decline that we saw -- that we thought we would see has not happened. It's really hard to give specific numbers around that, but it's clearly better than we anticipated it was going to be, and it seems to be holding that way with parents concerned about their kids' eyesight. On margin expansion or on expense control, if you will, I mean, I think we did a really nice job. Well, I know Brian did a really nice job and the team here in terms of controlling expenses, some natural, some controlled, if you will. I'm not sure there's quite that much more to do, but I think we're in pretty good place with our expense control. I'll let Brian add to that.
Brian Andrews: Yes. No, there's not much to add to that. I mean we were down $5 million sequentially, $53 million more revenues. We'll have some MiSight investments that will hit us in Q4. But I think we're in a good place and nothing really to add to Al.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Cooley with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Chris Cooley: Congratulations again on a really solid third quarter. Maybe just I'll shift gears a little bit to CooperSurgical. Could we maybe go back -- if I missed this, I apologize, but talk about the growth that you saw in PARAGARD, maybe there in total for the quarter? And when we think about CSI as a whole -- I should say PARAGARD as a whole coming back into the next fiscal year. Do you think that that's kind of in line with historical expectations for growth? Are you starting to see more of a natural lift? I'm just curious about what do you think about the normalized growth rate for PARAGARD longer term? And I'll just go ahead and ask as well for my second. On CooperVision, just following up as well there to Matt's earlier question, Energys has been around for a while. It's a great product. But should we expect to see maybe heightening marketing around that, kind of reintroducing it to practice? I'm just kind of curious what additional color you can provide around increased focus on Energys. That's, I think, the first time I've heard you call this one out in quite a long time. So I just want to hear a little bit more there as well if I could?
Al White: Yes. I'll touch on that one first. It's interesting. We talk about digital eye fatigue with kids because they're doing social media or TikTok or video games and all that other kind of stuff they do, and now they're doing their school on, on video. But it happens with parents also, obviously. We're on screens and doing all of our stuff. And then we're also at work doing stuff, and now we're on Zoom calls and whatever else all the time. That's what Biofinity Energys is about. So yes, I mean, it actually grew in the quarter, which was a pleasant surprise. I don't think you're going to see really higher marketing, if you will, from us associated with it. But you'll certainly see us reminding people that it's out there. I mean they know that it's out there because sales are growing, but putting a little emphasis on it and just saying, hey, guys, as a reminder, for those of you who are not fitting Energys, for all those people who are calling and talking to you about digital eye fatigue and some of the issues you're having, this is a perfect product for them. So, yes, that product is doing really well. We launched it probably two, three years ago, something like that, and it's done fine. But it's clearly doing better now, and I guess, if anything, right, COVID is like upside, if you will, for a product like Biofinity Energys, bringing attention to it. On PARAGARD, I mean we were down on PARAGARD for the quarter. We were, what, down 28% for Q3 because basically we had no sales in the first month of the quarter, and then everything kind of ticked back up, as I talked about, the channel inventory came back. We'll see the rest of the channel inventory come back in Q4. We're already seeing that right now. We're seeing placements go back to what they were at pre-COVID level. So we're pretty good shape on PARAGARD. I think at the end of the day, PARAGARD will still be down in Q4. And some of that is because you remember, last Q4, we had a strong PARAGARD quarter because we did a price increase. So we had a buy-in for PARAGARD in Q4 last year, so we have a tough comp on that. But I think as you move into next year, like I would anticipate PARAGARD going back to normal, to that kind of true normal in terms of placements and so forth, it's a mid-single-digit grower. It will obviously do better because it's got a couple of months it's comping against where we didn't have sales. But no, PARAGARD is doing well, and people seem to be a little bit more concerned about good health and so forth. And that trend in the marketplace about focusing on good health is obviously a positive for a product like PARAGARD, which is a non-hormonal IUD option and the only one in the market.
Operator: Our next question is from Matthew O'Brien with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Matthew O'Brien: Al, the delta between you and the market this quarter was larger than we've seen it. And I get it's all relative because they're both down. But can you talk a little bit about where some of those gains are coming from? So if you kind of parse out how durable they are, you've obviously got the online retailers picking up and some of your own internal investments, but what are some of the real key drivers where we've seen that increase in that delta? And then how durable do you think some of those are, especially in an environment where you've got a big competitor rebating and another company coming out with some more and more competitive products?
Al White: Yes. I mean at the end of the day, I look at it and say, there's -- in my mind, there's no one more active in the market today with new products than CooperVision is. And I believe over the next year to probably several years, there will be no one in the marketplace more active with new products than CooperVision, period. So that's how I would answer that one. From the perspective of sales, we're not big with online retailers. So I think that -- and with online, I'm talking about nonfitters. We're big with fitters. Not the kind of the online distributors, if you will, right, the guys who aren't fitting product. So where we were probably heard initially because of that, as the markets rebounded, like when you look at June and July, the market rebounded with fitters. And it rebounded with key accounts and fitters and buying groups and so forth. That's where we're over indexed. That's where we're strong. So when I look at kind of durable growth and market share gains, I'd say, "Hey, we grew around the world. We posted record market share in all regions around the world, and it was driven by the stuff where -- by what we're doing." Right? We're strong with fitters. We're strong with key accounts. I've been talking about all the investments we put in that over the last couple of years. We're strong with new product launches where we're doing more and better product launches than anyone in the marketplace right now. We're strong with distribution. I've been talking about that over the years, and our capabilities now being able to ship product to people's homes and so forth. We're strong on that side of things. And we're strong on manufacturing, where I've talked about how we reallocated resources to focus more on manufacturing. That strategic plan there of focusing on those areas and executing on those areas for long-term share gains, when you had COVID hit and you're coming out of COVID now, all those past investments and so forth, all those strategic initiatives are coming to light to show the value behind them, and that's why we're taking share. And that's why I think that it's durable that we'll continue to take share.
Matthew O'Brien: Okay. That's really helpful. And then shifting over to MiSight again, the -- I understand again, we're in a COVID environment, but it looks like you might come up a little light of that $7 million to $8 million that you talked about. I know everybody loves Sarah Michelle Gellar and everything. But getting up to $25 million from maybe around $6 million seems like a big step. So I know there's a lot of investment coming in Q4, too, but what gives you that comfort? What have you seen maybe in some of those early accounts as far as uptake goes? And then how it progresses for the other 1,000 optometrists that gives you comfort that you can get to that $25 million in '21? And are you still comfortable with $50 million in '22?
Al White: Sure. Yes. When we look at the $25 million for next year, the assumptions that build to that $25 million are based on what we've already seen in other markets. So in markets around the world where we've launched the product and has seen success, like in Spain, in the U.K. and Australia and so forth, we did those launches. Now we didn't have the same consumer advertising programs and so forth. But the growth rates that we saw in those markets are the same growth rates that we're assuming we'll see in the U.S. and in Canada and other places. Now I would think that we could do better because we do have Sarah and other direct-to-consumer programs and other activity. And we're seeing a lot of acceleration and interest in new fits and so forth. But we are not looking at some abnormal growth rate or some crazy thing happening. We're just looking at saying, "Hey, if we do what we've done in other markets, we'll get up to that $25 million range." I think we can do better than that because at the end of the day, there's enough interest and enough success right now that I think we can exceed that. But there's nothing special there. There's nothing fancy there. It's just saying, "Hey, if we just do what we've done in other markets, that's what we'll do." And yes, I would confirm the $50 million number because as you break down the market and you actually look at the size of the market, and as MiSight moves to becoming standard of care within the optometry practice and as you see more offices looking and thinking about pediatric optometry, you're going to see that accelerate. And that market size might seem really big to some people and say, wait a minute, it can't be that big, right? But at the end of the day, you're talking about a product that sells for many multiples of what regular contact lenses sell for. You're talking about a product that has big compliance to it, that opticians make the most money that they're going to sell out there, and that it's a brand-new category. We're talking about creating a brand-new category. I mean there's already pediatric dentistry. Well, why? Because of braces, because dentists can make money, they don't have to have adults come in. They can treat children through braces and other reasons, and they can have a pediatric dentistry practice. You haven't been able to have that in optometry because you're talking about selling glasses. Well, that's not the case anymore. Now everyone knows about myopia. You have kids come in. You can now -- because of MiSight and because of ortho-k, you can now have a pediatric optometry practice and be incredibly successful with it. That is a brand-new market that does not exist today. There is no pediatric optometry market other than kids going into a regular doctor's office, right? If you start seeing the market move in that direction, if you actually start seeing people open pediatric optometry offices to focus on MiSight or to focus on myopia management, they're focused in on ortho-k, they're focused in on MiSight so -- and ultimately in glasses. And that's going to help also as we move in that direction. So yes, I think the $25 million is in play. I think $50 million or north of the $50 million is in play the next year.
Operator: Our next question is from Joanne Wuensch with Citibank. Please go ahead.
Joanne Wuensch: I'm going to put them both upfront. The first one has to do with reimbursement for MiSight. If it is being thought of as a treatment, do you think at some stage that you might be able to get the proper reimbursement for it? And then my second question is, usually on the third quarter calls, you sort of gave some broad guidance or commentary about the next fiscal year. Is there some way that you can frame next year?
Al White: Sure. On the reimbursement for MiSight, that would really blow up the market around myopia management. I think the answer to that question ultimately is yes. I do believe there will be reimbursement for myopia management and MiSight, in particular, at some point in the future. We're working on that ourselves as a matter of fact, spending money on that process right now. To be determined on the timing around that, but as medical professionals become more and more comfortable with the fact that this is standard of care, and this will be standard of care as a treatment, you'll ultimately get to the point where you're going to have reimbursement. So it's just a matter of time in my mind. Yes, on 2021, right now, we're not going to give any commentary on 2021. I'm sure you can appreciate that, right? We gave guidance on Q4. And we'll give 2021 commentary in December when we get there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Pasquale with Guggenheim. Please go ahead.
Chris Pasquale: One on guidance and then a quick follow-up for Brian. Al, I'm not sure I understand the idea that 4Q is an unusually tough comp. If I look at the numbers for last year, you did 7% in the fourth quarter that was in line with your full year growth rate. Asia Pac actually grew a little slower in 4Q last year than either 3Q or the year overall. So what is it about 4Q that makes it an unusually tough comparison?
Al White: Yes. I wouldn't say it's unusually tough comparison, except we did have the buy-in in Japan that created at least a tough comparison from that perspective. But I guess maybe more than anything, Chris, the point behind it is that COVID still exists, right? It's still out there. There are still issues with it. There could still be spikes and so forth with it. So I don't want to say things are -- we're guiding conservative or anything by those means because I don't think that would be appropriate to say. So I do think that 7% is not an easy comp. If you look at Q1 as an example, that's a little bit different of a story, right? Q4 is kind of a more normal/challenging comp from last year. So I don't want to overplay that by any means. So just kind of highlight that as one reason that we're not guiding to growing in Q4.
Chris Pasquale: Okay. But fair to say that the fourth quarter guidance implies or at least bakes in some increased uncertainty rather than just taking into account known factors today.
Al White: Yes, that's a good way to put it, correct.
Chris Pasquale: Okay. All right. And then, Brian, you mentioned you're coming up on the end of a multiyear CapEx investment cycle. Can CapEx actually come down meaningfully either next year or over the next couple of years to free up cash? There was a time when you were averaging closer to $150 million a year versus the more like $300 million we've been at for a while now.
Brian Andrews: Yes. I absolutely believe that, that could be the case. I mean I would expect that this year will be our peak year for CapEx, coming down next year and then coming down the year after. So with that comes free cash flow delivery, and I would expect free cash flow to go up.
Operator: And our next question is from Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Stephen Willoughby: I have two. First, as a follow-up to a question that Jon Block asked, which he asked about sort of changing consumer wear trends. Al, I was wondering if you could talk about some other things that have potentially changed to either your business or the industry because of COVID. First, have you seen any change in the purchasing or the rate of purchasing and the annual supplies? And then secondly, it seems like there's been a shift over the last six months as it relates to direct-to-patient shipping. Just wondering what your thoughts are on that and if that sticks around or what impact that could potentially have. And then the third is just, do you think there has been any impact because of COVID as it relates to patients switching their brand or type of contact lenses less frequently because of a desire from both the patient and the physician to get the patient in and out of the practice? And then -- that's one question. My second question is just, do you have any concern over any potential pull forward in demand by patients wanting to use up their vision benefits prior to potentially losing their job later on in the fourth quarter. Sorry for all the question, but I appreciate it.
Al White: Yes. Yes, no worries, Steve. Yes. I don't know about a pull forward. We're not anticipating that. Every year, there always seems to be a little bit of buy-in that goes in associated with benefits and people using up their benefits and so forth. So I'm not sure it will be any different this year. We're not anticipating any changes associated with that. When you look at some of the different kind of consumer wear trends, right, some of the changes that have been happening out in the marketplace. I talked to Biofinity Energys as an example of a nice pleasant surprise for us. But you look at some of the other stuff out there, annual supply purchases, that's mostly a U.S. thing. It gets driven by those rebates, right? But it's mostly U.S., it's not so much the rest of the world. And even in the U.S., it's not that big of a number, but we haven't seen much of a change there. So from where we were running to where we are today, I wouldn't really highlight any real changes in that. And I don't know maybe there's like a push and pull there between some higher rebates, but people holding on to some money a little bit, but we haven't really seen a lot of changes on that side of things. The direct-to-patient shipping, I do think that that's a difference, and we saw a very significant spike in that around the world. We've seen that come back as people are getting out and are going to their doctors' offices and so forth. And I think we're all the same, right? I mean every single one of us wants to help people, and we want to help small businesses. So when you go into your optometrist office, you're probably more likely to go ahead and purchase product from them. Maybe even though it's not the best deal you can get, but you still want to help the doc out. You want to help the physician out that you're going to, right? So I think everybody is a little bit more willing to do that. Now having said that, whether they're getting the lenses there or shipped to their house, that's a different question. I think that we're on the forefront in terms of our ability to do direct-to-patient shipping. We're willing to do that. We've taken the financial hit associated. We're willing to do that as we ramp up all those efforts and eventually leverage all the infrastructure that we put in. But I think that continues, the direct-to-shipping thing continues because you just get more packages in your home, right, from Amazon and Target and whatever else. You might as well get them from CooperVision. Patients switching less, yes, I think so. It's a hard time to launch new products. It's hard to get fitting sets into doctors' offices and so forth right now. They like what they like. It's been a little easier, still a challenge, but a little easier with a product like MyDay because they know it, they love it. So we've been having a little easier time launching MyDay toric. Remember, we did a launch of that, but we probably only did a 20% launch or something like that, so we have a long ways to go. We're having a little bit more success getting that product out there. You're seeing a little bit less of some of that kind of pace in switching. But I think from that perspective, we happen to be in a pretty good place because the products that we are launching and putting out there, expanded range toric, all that other kind of stuff, are -- maybe it's a change, maybe the patients switching lenses per se, but they're still wearing clariti, or they're still wearing MyDay, right? They're going MyDay sphere to MyDay toric, that's the kind of switch that we are seeing.
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Lichtman with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Steven Lichtman: Al, I was wondering if you could give us an update on your key account work. You alluded to it earlier, of course. I know it's tough to be aggressive on that front when you were capacity constrained. Have you been able to really reengage there now given better supply? Or has COVID impacted that?
Al White: Yes. I won't get into specific details, but yes, we have been able to reengage and be more aggressive in terms of our discussions that we're having with those key accounts right now.
Steven Lichtman: Okay. Fair enough. And then just a follow-up on fertility, I think last quarter, you talked about delayed recovery there as offices reopen, you have to go through the consultation, of course, process first. It sounds as though your visibility on a recovery there has improved. Are you seeing that patient consultation activity really picking up here over the last couple of months?
Al White: Yes. It's picked up really well, fertility. We're taking a lot of market share in fertility right now so -- although our numbers weren't that great, right? But we're still -- we're taking good share in fertility. We're doing really, really well in that space right now. The one thing I would say about that that's a little bit of a struggle is Asia Pac. We haven't seen Asia Pac rebound as fast as we've seen Europe and the Americas in terms of fertility clinics opening and traffic coming through. So I feel good if I look at the Americas and Europe in terms of clinics opening, foot traffic, which we have good visibility on, our market share gains, I think that Asia Pac is lagging a little bit. If you look at some place like India, as an example, where we do fairly well, and we were getting a lot of growth, they only have about 30%, 35% of their IVF clinics open right now. So I think that will come. There's no reason that, that doesn't come and they don't open, but that's kind of why I was referring to maybe it's more Q1 before you start getting cycles back to kind of pre-COVID levels.
Operator: And our last question comes from Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Robbie Marcus: Maybe to start, I was wondering, you kind of talked around these, but if you could just put a finer point on them, what PARAGARD growth in the quarter was and how much stocking in fiscal -- or destocking fiscal 2Q and the dollar amount of stocking in this quarter and what you're expecting guidance in the fourth quarter.
Al White: I don't think we ever got into any of the stocking numbers on PARAGARD. Do you have the Q3 numbers for PARAGARD?
Brian Andrews: For PARAGARD, yes, the PARAGARD number for Q3 was 40 -- sorry, $34 million.
Robbie Marcus: And any way just to frame the impact? Is it like 1% or 2% in stocking, more meaningful than that? Just trying to figure out what underlying versus stocking is as we exit the year.
Al White: Yes. I guess rough numbers, right, I say we're running somewhere roughly in the $15 million a month. It's a little bit higher than that, kind of in PARAGARD sales. And then we didn't have anything basically in April and May, so we probably were down about $30 million in sales, something like that because of the stocking. And that's what you're seeing work its way back through right now.
Robbie Marcus: Sorry, Al. two separate questions, one is CVI stocking and destocking and the other was just PARAGARD.
Al White: Okay. Yes. So for PARAGARD, that would -- that answers kind of the PARAGARD. For the CooperVision stocking, I think that some of the inventory stocking, you'd probably never get back. People operate at lower levels, more efficient, that kind of thing. You're going to have some of that happen for a period of time or maybe it takes a while to come back. But I think of what we did get back, I think we got, say, half of it back in June and July. And then throughout fiscal Q4, we'll get the other whatever that amount is, $15 million or so, back in fiscal Q4.
Robbie Marcus: Great. I appreciate that. And then just lastly, Bausch is moving to a split out as a stand-alone vision company. Can you maybe give us some thoughts on how, if any way, that will impact Cooper at all going forward?
Al White: Yes. I don't know how it would impact us. I mean from our perspective, I think Bausch is around 8% global market share, somewhere in that kind of range right now. So no, I don't see that having much of an impact on us one way or another.
Operator: And I'm not showing any further questions in the queue. I would like to turn the call back to Albert White for his final remarks.
Al White: Yes. Thank you, and thank you, everyone, for calling in and taking the time. I think the difference this quarter from what people were expecting to some degree, with some of the pickup in consumption, and then a lot of the unique things we have that are capitalizing on some of that real positive trends in the marketplace. There are some big trends that are going on and some new trends that are there. You look at things like Biofinity Energys taking advantage of what's going on in that -- the trend of more screen time. You look at MiSight with myopia management in kids and our ortho-k products and what we're seeing with Endosee Advance and so forth. And lastly would be fertility is another big mega trend that's moving in the right direction. So we're just hitting -- we have products kind of in the right place right now. I feel good about where we are and where the trends are going in the marketplace. So with that, we'll kind of wrap up. I hope everyone has a great Labor Day weekend and look forward to speaking with everyone in beginning of December for our next earnings call. Thank you, operator.
Operator: You're welcome, sir. And ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-06-05 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Q2 2020 The Cooper Companies, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the conference over to you speaker today, Kim Duncan, Vice President, Investor Relations and Risk Management. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon, and welcome to The Cooper Companies second quarter 2020 earnings conference call. During today's call, we will discuss the results included in the earnings release and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Al White, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Andrews, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements, including all guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market or regulatory conditions and integration of any acquisitions or their failure to achieve anticipated benefits. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward-Looking Statements in today's earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including Cooper's Form 10-K and subsequent Form 10-Q filings, all of which are available on our website at coopercos.com. This conference call also contains non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer today's earnings release for a reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Should you have any additional questions following the call, please call our investor line at 925- 460-3663 or e-mail ir@cooperco.com. And now I'll turn the call over to Al for his opening remarks.
Al White: Thank you, Kim, and good afternoon, everyone. I hope you and your families are healthy and staying safe during these challenging times. Before getting into our results, I want to recognize and say thank you to our employees, whose hard work, dedication and resiliency have allowed us to continue moving forward through the global COVID-19 pandemic. We're coming out of this as stronger company, so amazing job to all Cooper employees around the world, and again, thank you. From the outset, we made the health and well being of our 12,000 plus employees and their families a top priority. We instituted robust health and safety programs at all of our facilities, including staggering shifts, reorganizing workflows, and implementing work from home protocols to ensure social distancing. In the spirit of our strong company culture and our commitment to our people, we continue paying employees their normal compensation, including supporting our commission sales reps. Avoided layoffs, furloughed employees only upon request, maintained all benefits programs and expanded our employee assistance programs. We've also been there supporting customers by offering new and innovative online training and virtual meetings, expanding our world class customer service efforts, accelerating our direct to patient shipping activity and providing extended terms to our small business partners.  Throughout everything that's happened, we stayed focused on our long-term business objectives, and we believe this will serve us well moving forward. This includes developing and launching new products, increasing manufacturing output of high demand products such as MyDay, enhancing distribution capabilities and expanding facilities in key strategic locations such as Costa Rica. Looking ahead, our performance will be driven by the reopening of optometry offices for CooperVision and the reopening of OB/GYN offices and fertility clinics for CooperSurgical.  We cannot control the speed of the real burnings but we can be ready and we are. It's very difficult to forecast the future but we're definitely seeing positive signs with trends moving in our favor. As we move into the numbers, note I'll be reporting percentages on a constant currency basis. For Q2, we reported consolidated revenues of $525 million with CooperVision posting revenues of $402 million, down 15% and CooperSurgical posting revenues of $123 million, down 27%. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.51.  For CooperVision, regional revenue declined around the world with the Americas down 22%, EMEA 11% and Asia-Pac 10%. All product areas were also negatively impacted with silicone hydrogel dailies down 8%, Biofinity and Avaira 16%, torics 13% and multifocals 7%. I'll get to the fiscal quarter in a minute, but for calendar Q1, we grew 2.5% continuing to take care against the market which grew roughly 1%. This improved our global market share to a very strong 24% and I'm optimistic we'll move to 25% during the year. Calendar Q1 included March when the industry began experiencing the negative impact of COVID-19. But our numbers held up better than others due to market share gains from our daily silicone hydrogel portfolio. Regarding our fiscal quarter, the negative impact of economies closing around the world was felt throughout the quarter, but was most significant in April with sales down roughly 45% for the month. To provide color on the quarter, let me highlight the dollar impact and where we saw it. At one point during the quarter, I had us tagged it $510 million in fiscal Q2 revenues and we ultimately reported roughly $110 million worse than that. Three primary areas impacted us.  First was the effect of office closures on new fits. In a normal environment new fits including trade-ups account for roughly 15% of our revenues and these essentially disappear. We estimate this negatively impacted us around $40 million for the quarter. Second, we experienced a reduction in channel inventory as retailers, distributors and independent optometrists closed doors and offices and focused on liquidity. This was modestly offset by sales to pure Internet sellers but that's not a big part of our business. We estimate the negative impact of this activity was around $35 million. Lastly, we saw a reduction in consumer consumption, meaning people used our lenses less often as they extended to wear other products or chose to wear glasses more often. This meant customers who would normally have ordered lenses in late March and April either didn't reorder or ordered smaller quantities than normal. And this made up the remaining roughly 35%.  We certainly expect to recoup some of these lost sales, but it's difficult to forecast when. Our market research clearly indicates consumers expect to return to normal wearing habits as economies reopen, so we're optimistic. We did see an improvement in May, but revenues were still down roughly 30%. On the encouraging side, there were clear positive signs as the month progressed, and that continued into June. As a matter of fact, in parts of the world where economy started reopening sooner, we've seen a pretty quick rebound with countries like China showing growth in May.  For Q3, it's difficult to forecast revenues as the three items I just mentioned will have a major impact on our results. But we're currently expecting fiscal Q3 sales for CooperVision to be down 15% to 20% year-over-year. This assumes a minimal rebound in channel inventory and a slow return in patient traffic as ECPs slowly reopen stores. Hopefully this is conservative, but it's prudent to be conservative right now even with the positive trends we're seeing.  Regarding products, I'm happy to report weve recently launched two new ones. Our Biofinity toric multifocal is now available in the U.S. and rolling out around the rest of the world. And our extended toric range for Clariti has been released giving it the widest parameter range available in the market today for daily silicone torics. I'm also happy to report we made significant progress on MyDay manufacturing, and we're now able to supply product to markets where we previously pulled it. We're also starting to resume placing sphere and toric fitting sets as stores reopen around the world. As we discussed on our last earnings call, we realized significant resources earlier this year to accelerate startup efforts on new MyDay line, and this activity continued essentially unhampered through Q2. We're now several months ahead of our prior plans, so fantastic job to the manufacturing teams and our distribution and commercial teams moving quickly to put us in a position to capitalize on this opportunity. We saw similar improvements in our Clariti manufacturing, so we're in great shape in the daily silicone hydrogel market, especially with respect to toric lenses. And this is critical as our survey data indicates, usage and purchase frequency reductions are expected to be temporary with practitioners aggressively fitting patients into daily silicones as offices reopen. Moving to MiSight, this was a bright spot for the quarter, growing 52% to $1.4 million in revenue. And I'm happy to report we've seen a significant increase in interest from optometrists as they look for value added ways to increase patient flow as their practices reopen. MiSight is a perfect fit as optometrists truly want to treat their patients with the best products available. And this is the only FDA approved myopia management offering on the market. Additionally, parent interest is very high when they're made aware of MiSight, the product can make a huge difference in a child's life and the doctors control the process and pricing as the product is not available online. As a reminder, MiSight is our innovative FDA approved myopia management contact lens that has been clinically proven to slow the progression of myopia in children. The lens is sold as part of our holistic myopia management program called Brilliant Futures, where we provide the eye care practitioner the lens and a suite of resources to help them connect with parents and to market the product. The doctor then incorporates this into their own customized myopia management program and charges an appropriate price for their offerings.  From a training and certification perspective, we pivoted to virtual training and the response has been fantastic. In the U.S., we now have over 200 certified fitters with over 600 additional optometrists currently in the certification process. This puts us ahead of our previous expectations.  Success is clearly dependent on offices reopening but we expect solid growth with full fiscal year sales being in the $7 million to $8 million range. And assuming markets return to normal, we remain comfortable with our target of $25 million in sales next year. And to be clear, we have not curtailed any investments in this product other than deferring certain marketing costs due to recent events. And frankly, if all continues to go as well as it has been, we may actually accelerate investments in Q4. Before concluding on vision, let me touch on the growth drivers for the $9 billion contact lens industry. First and foremost, it starts with myopia, where it's estimated that roughly one-third of the world's population is myopic, and this is expected to increase to 50% by 2050. We've been seeing this play out in the market data, with new wears up 2% globally last year. Additionally, we continue to see positive sales mix, as doctors are fitting new patients in daily silicone hydrogel lenses. And then we have the trade-up from legacy hydrogel dailies and FRPs to silicone hydrogel dailies, geographic expansion and growth in torics and multifocal. It's also interesting working with optometrists, as the shift to daily lenses has made it more apparent that contact lens wearers are higher value customers as they buy both contact lenses and glasses.  Moving to CooperSurgical, we reported revenues of $123 million, down 27% for the quarter. We were feeling very bullish about our business in March. But as elective surgery restrictions were enacted, and OB/GYN offices and fertility clinics started closing, we began experiencing a significant decline in revenue. In the month of April alone, we were down almost 70%. May was still down roughly 60% as the beginning of the month was extremely weak, but we definitely saw improvement as the month progressed and we expect continued improvement through the quarter. For the full fiscal Q3, we forecast CooperSurgicals revenues being down 30% to 35%. Within the segment, fertility was down 15% for the quarter, holding up reasonably well as in-process patients were largely allowed to complete their treatments. Having said that, April was down roughly 50% as clinics around the world closed, and May was also down roughly 50%, as several markets remained partially or entirely closed. Clinics are now reopening and patient traffic is good. But it's important to note that our sales will lag initial patient activity as those visits are focused on consultations and the stimulation or pharma side of IVF. We thus expect our business to continue rebounding, but for the full Q3 we expect fertility sales to decline around 30%. For office and surgical, sales were down 34% in Q2, and we expect a similar decline in Q3. This is largely due to PARAGARD, where we essentially shipped zero products in the month of April and May. To be clear, this is a channel inventory matter as placements for PARAGARD continued in those months, although down roughly 65% in April and 40% in May. Our consumer research indicates we'll see placements fully return to normal as offices reopen, and we saw positive signs through May. So we expect a strong rebound in sales as offices reopen, and its channel inventory returns to normal. Outside of PARAGARD, our other office and surgical products were down roughly 20% in Q2, and we expect a similar result in Q3 with our research showing the majority of procedures were deferred, not canceled and the procedures will happen as doctors offices reopen.  Within all this, CooperSurgical continue making product in many other areas of the business, including continuing to build out and transferring of IVF production into our global manufacturing facility in Costa Rica, completing numerous sales and marketing virtual training sessions, which have been incredibly popular and making meaningful advancements with product development and R&D. And importantly, our manufacturing and distribution teams kept our products available and shipping while several competitors struggled, now providing us the opportunity for future share gains. With that, let me conclude by saying our teams are laser-focused on executing as economies around the world open. Our commercial teams are intensely focused on capitalizing on opportunities and momentum is building. Key products like MyDay are in a much better shape and our product launches such as MiSight are going well.  Cooper's culture remains rock solid with our commitment to our employees remaining steadfast, our dedication to our ESG efforts continuing and our focus on our long-term strategic objectives remaining intact. And I'm 100% confident, our employees are fully engaged and ready to deliver results.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Andrews: Thank you, Al. And good afternoon, everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis. So please refer to today's earnings release for a full reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. Given the challenges that COVID-19 has brought upon our operations and the uncertainty regarding the future impact, we will not be issuing 2020 guidance at this time. But I'll try to provide as much transparency and disclosure as possible in my comments.  To start, it's important to mention that our non-GAAP earnings are adjusted for the larger COVID-19 related items within cost of goods. But we did not try to capture all costs, nor did we adjust any of our operating expenses for these items. Moving to our results, our second quarter consolidated revenue decreased 19.8% year-over-year to $524.9 million. Consolidated gross margin for the quarter decreased year-over-year to 65.8% from 67.3%. This was driven entirely by April as margins were up nicely through the first two months of the quarter. CooperVision's gross margin decreased slightly to 66% from 66.5%, driven by shift in our regional sales mix, as we experienced larger percentage declines in revenues and markets with higher margins. CooperSurgical's gross margin decreased to 65.4% from 69.6% largely due to PARAGARD sales being zero in April. OpEx was down 3.2% year-over-year, resulting in consolidated operating margins of 17.4%, down from 27.1% last year. Despite the top-line pressures, we continued investing in our business, which meant no material changes to employee compensation, continued support of our key products such as MiSight, and continued R&D investing while incurring higher costs related to COVID-19. Interest expense for the quarter reduced to $8.8 million driven by lower interest rates. The effective tax rate was 6.2%, due to the overall reduction of pre-tax income, and the benefit of stock options exercised in the quarter. Non-GAAP EPS was $1.51, with roughly 49.6 million average shares outstanding. Free cash flow was negative $63.5 million and this comprised of $25.8 million of operating cash flow offset by $89.3 million of CapEx. This reduction was primarily due to lower customer collections, a buildup of inventory and maintaining CapEx as planned. Net debt increased by $118.6 million to $1.8 billion and our adjusted leverage ratio was 2.18 times.  A few other items to note on Q2, we repurchased roughly 161,000 shares for $47.8 million. We also fixed the interest rate on a portion of our floating rate debt, given the historically low interest rate environment. This included entering into multiple slots locking in $1.5 billion in debt as far out to seven years. And lastly, from an FX perspective, the year-over-year FX impact for Q2 to revenue and EPS was a negative $8.9 million and $0.08, respectively. Before concluding, I'd like to briefly touch on a couple of additional points. We entered the COVID-19 pandemic with a solid balance sheet and continue to maintain strong financial ratios with ample liquidity. This allows us to continue supporting our employees and customers and it puts us in a position to capitalize on opportunities as they become available. We continue to prioritize capital allocation and prudent expense control while remaining intensely focused on current trends, to ensure we remain in a strong position. Al mentioned a few items on fiscal Q3 revenues and to repeat them, at this point, we're looking at CooperVision being down 15% to 20%, and CooperSurgical down 30% to 35%, both in constant currency. Other than that, we're not providing much additional information at this time. We're going to continue closely monitoring expenses, but we want to be careful as controlling costs is important, but at the same time we're seeing many positive trends and don't want to restrict our ability to execute in any way. We're taking a long-term view as our product portfolios are extremely strong, and we believe we're in excellent competitive position to take share as the markets return to normal. Finally, I'd like to echo Als comments about our employees by issuing my own heartfelt thank you to all of our operations, commercial and support staff for doing an incredible job in the face of unprecedented circumstances. I couldn't be prouder of the efforts we saw in Q2, and continue to see from everyone globally.  With that, I'll hand it back to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Larry Keusch with Raymond James. You may proceed with your question.
Larry Keusch: I guess Al just to start out coming back to CVI. Could you talk a little bit about, I guess, how are you thinking when you think about the various modalities? Where did you see the most pressure in the month of April? And where do you expect to see that come out the other side? In other words, what do you think is going to be stronger post-COVID versus pre in terms of your product mix?
Al White: Yes. Thanks, Larry. Well, when you look at April, I mean, obviously we took a hit kind of throughout the portfolio. The numbers I gave show you that our daily silicone hydrogel portfolio stood up better than certainly the rest of our portfolio and MyDay in particular was still strong. But some of our legacy products and especially if you wanted to parcel it out, if you look at our legacy FRPs, the hydrogel FRPs, the monthlies as an example, those took a pretty solid hit in the month of April. So those have been declining anyways, but took a bigger hit than most.  I think as we look at where we are today and as we do our consumer research and we talk to optometrist and so forth and the market starts to recover, it seems very, very clear that the market is going to recover with a focus on daily silicone hydrogels. That's going to be the focus area. And that's going to be because of the reasons that were in place beforehand. But it's also because of the focus on hygiene. If you're looking at good hygiene, you're talking about a daily lens, put it in, wear it, throw it out at the end of the day. So that's clearly what people are talking about that clearly is the focus.  I think we're in a good position from that perspective, because if we go into kind of more of a recessionary environment, we're the only ones who have a strong mass market daily silicone there with clariti and a sphere, toric and multifocal. And if we have somebody who is looking for a more premium wearing experience, obviously we have MyDay, which is hugely successful. So I think that's what we're going to see as we come out in the coming months and quarters.
Larry Keusch: And then I guess the second question is, and you alluded to this in your comments, relative to manufacturing for MyDay and your building now to -- in particular toric and your ability to now start to supply countries, regions that, that you'd pull back supply on previously, as well as getting fit sets out there, what were you able to do during this period that allowed you to, in essence, it sounds like get ahead of your plan?
Al White: Yes. So I mean, we had the obvious happen, right? Which was like a pullback in demand in general, because you obviously had stores and so forth shut down around the world. While that was happening, we were continuing production of the product, building of our own inventory. But importantly, during that quarter, we were able to continue to work putting lines together and getting lines up and running. And that was a key point. You'll remember I talked about at some prior quarters, how we accelerated some of our efforts. And we took a step back in some areas on cost control efforts and so forth, but we brought those lines in faster. Thankfully, we did that, because with those lines in our facility, we were able to continue working and putting them together. We didn't have equipment in Europe and we weren't relying on people from Europe or other places flying in to help us. Our manufacturing folks were able to do that work themselves. And then the other success that we had was, not only did we hit our timeline, when we started up a couple of lines, we have several lines, we have two of them that have recently started. When we started them up, the production on those lines was a decent amount ahead of where we expected. So I take my hat off to the manufacturing guys. Its an amazing job there of getting those lines up, started running and having them be quite a bit more successful earlier than we thought.  So I mean, we're still in a situation where we have other lines coming on, and we're certainly going to need those lines based on demand. And that includes updated demand metrics right now where we say and the demand that we're seeing as retailers and people start opening stores back up.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Weinstein with William Blair. Your may proceed with your question.
Brian Weinstein: Al as we come back here and things start to improve a bit, does it matter for you as kind of more new guys coming in the 15% versus the existing. Or as you think about one versus the other, is there one that's more important for particular driving silicone hydrogel fitting?
Al White: Yes. It's the new. I mean, so if you look at the data as we went into COVID, we were winning more than our fair share of new fits. So the Americas market probably -- the U.S. market here is the probably the biggest of that, right? Is that that's where we were winning share. We had MyDay. We had clariti, as new patients were coming in and getting fit, they were being fit more and more in daily silicones and we were winning our lions share that. So that new fit was -- that hurt us? And if you look at new fit data, we kind of talked about 15% or kind of in that range of revenues coming from new fits. That's an important part of our business. And that's even larger here in the U.S. So I'd say the 15% is a global number. If you look at the U.S., you could argue that that's 20% of our revenue here in the U.S. You have a lot of new daily fits, you have people buying annual supplies and so forth. So that was one of the reasons frankly that our Americas number was softer, I think than probably people thought. We over indexed in terms of new fits and the hit that we took because of that.
Brian Weinstein: Okay, great. And then as we think longer term here about the industry, how do you think the industry has changed longer term because of COVID? And how is Cooper positioned in the industry now, as we think about things like online ordering, you guys shipping direct, prescription moving online. How does all this kind of play into kind of how the industry develops? And then how you think you're positioned for all of this?
Al White: Yes, well, I definitely think you're seeing some changes, like direct to consumer shipment as an example definitely increased significantly. Whether that holds or not? We'll see. That was a trend that was occurring and we probably accelerated some of that trend. If you remember, Ive talked for a couple years here about how much time and money we put into our distribution centers to improve our distribution capabilities. I mean, thank God, we did all that stuff because we're in a great spot to be able to support the market as we move in that direction.  So if you're an optometrist selling products, you no longer have to have a ship that to your office. We can ship that directly to your patient's home.  But the other thing I think when you look at the industry right now, I think you're actually going to see even more or greater move to daily silicones. I think that's the direction you're going to go as I was talking about hygiene, when we talk to consumers, when we talk optometrists, that's what people are leaning towards.  The other thing that you're seeing about the industry is people looking and saying, okay, how can I do better job as an optometrist office moving forward here in terms of the products that I offer? And I think that's one of the reasons that weve had kind of the acceleration in demand in MiSight. Some of its like docs don't want to miss out. But there's definitely a component where doctors are saying, hey, this is a unique special product here. Now that I understand it and it works and so forth, this is something I want to get behind. So I think you're going to see that.  And then the one other area, I would say that I think changes a little bit in the industry is I think around toric lenses. Because that's one of those things that the patient has to go see the doc, gets fitted by the doc. You're not going to use telemedicine to fit a patient in a toric lens. So I think you're going to continue to see torics grow faster than the overall market.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Johnson with Baird. You may proceed with your questions.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Good evening, guys. Al I wanted to start maybe from a geographic perspective. You mentioned kind of the over reliance on new patient fits in the U.S. Obviously, in Europe, you've got some just automatic drop ships that happen or patients were more on a subscription plan there. So I think it'd be helpful if you could provide any color on kind of how you saw April, May trends breakdown between U.S., Europe or Asia-Pac or at least maybe kind of how you're thinking about the recovery by geographic region? That would be wonderful if you can help us out with that. 
Al White: Sure. Yes, absolutely, Jeff. I kind of put Europe in the middle to some degree. Because we're starting to see things come back in Asia-Pac. And I mentioned that we actually saw growth in China in May. I mean, it's not going to surprise me if Asia-Pac is -- grows in Q3. That's why I think there's a decent chance we'll get that. I don't want to get ahead of myself. But when I look at how things are going, I think we could get some growth in Asia-Pac in Q3. EMEA still in a situation similar to the Americas. Stores are starting to reopen. Optometrist offices are reopening, you can see that in the news like I can. So we're making progress there certainly. Americas, lagging that. So I think we're still going to have a tough quarter in the Americas for Q3 because we had struggled certainly at the beginning of May. We're seeing positive signs, there's no question about that. No question about that.  But I think when you look at the impact of May in the Americas, you're going to continue to see that be another kind of similar quarter to where it was. Europe kind of be in probably a little bit worse than where it was, if it comes out a little bit slower. So I was kind of thinking in my head, February, March, April versus May, June, July for us, you end up with a similar to maybe a little bit worse quarter. That assumes, by the way that we don't get like a rebound in some of the stuff like channel inventory and so forth. Does that make sense? 
Jeff Johnson: Yes. That does. And then just -- hold on, I lost my train of thought for a second. Just as I was thinking, you were saying there. In these office visits, we're all doing our surveys and there's other ways of trying to track this. As those offices start to open up, my guess is that helps on the new patient fits more than anything. On the consumption by current wearers, do you think we need to start watching for when do people go back into the office? When do they go to the gyms and restaurants and things like that? I know it's on the margin, but some of these people that only wear contact lenses for social reasons, things like that, it almost feels like there could be a slower recovery in the current wears more so even than the new wears just because there is kind of that reliance on when we're all going to go back into the office every single day, things like that? 
Al White: Yes, you're spot-on on that because that's what a lot of those wearers are, right? I mean a lot of those wearers are wearing lenses, either could be teenagers or in their 20s or going back to the office or playing sports, right, and that kind of activity. I mean [Carter] soccer is -- soccer is going to start up next week, right? So you're starting to see that stuff moving the right direction, right? I mean we're making progress there. But until people are starting to go out to restaurants for dinners, and people are starting to go back to work, and you're seeing more of that activity, you're going to see a little bit of a slower trend there. Because we did see kind of two pieces to that: I think one is people wearing glasses, because they were home a little bit more. And then the other one is, as I mentioned the softness in our like legacy hydrogel FRPs, and that's kind of a portion of the market where people stretch their lenses, and that's the kind of activity we're seeing.  So I think you're right, I think the channel inventory work itself back over the coming quarters. I think the new fit data, your right, start coming back, and we start seeing that data certainly as the month come here with back to school and so forth, assuming that we're going back to school, everything is moving in the right direction, maybe a little bit more of a lag on the other stuff.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. You may proceed with your question.
Larry Biegelsen: Al, I guess, do you expect to still be down year-over-year in fiscal Q4? And I guess, what would need to happen to grow in fiscal Q4? Which of these -- could there be some catch up from deferred sales and procedures from April, May. Any color on that?
Al White: Yes, I think for the two separate businesses, maybe answer it a little differently. For CooperVision, I do think we can get back to a situation where we're flat for Q4, maybe we can even be up a little bit. I think it'll depend some on the channel inventory coming back and it'll be highly dependent on stores reopening. And then obviously, for us not to have kind of a second rush of COVID-19. But I do think we can move in that direction based on the progress that we're seeing in some markets like Asia-Pac already. If we use that, and we look at that as what's going to happen in Europe and then into the U.S. and that those positive trends continue, I think that puts us in a decent spot. We're going to fight like hell certainly to at least be flat in Q4. If I look at CooperSurgical, some of that's going to be dependent on PARAGARD. I mean, PARAGARD continued to be fit, but because of liquidity concerns and so forth, we ended up not shipping products for a couple months that will come back, I'm highly confident that we'll get that inventory so forth back. So it'll depend, does that come back kind at the end of Q3 or into Q4. The survey work, we have done show cancellation rates going down and so forth. The surgeries that were involved with at least all appear to be deferred rather than cancelled. So if GYN offices are reopening, then that's a really good sign. I think we'll be -- we could return to positive growth in Q4 there. Fertility clinics are definitely open, we're definitely moving in the right direction there. We do lag as I mentioned in sales there. That's going to be a little bit of a hurt right now, because the clinics reopen. People are going in, they are on consultations, they are getting -- they're starting the stimulation process and so forth. So we lag a little bit behind there. But if that go -- if that -- those trends continue, yes, we could be in decent shape. So I would kind of say consolidated, yes, we're going to fight like hell to get back to at least be flat in Q4.
Larry Biegelsen: And Al just as a follow up. Can you talk about what you're seeing in optometrist offices, the percent that you think you've opened so far, and any issues with throughput? How theyre dealing with patients coming in? Thanks for taking the questions.
Al White: Sure, yes. If we go around the world, there's a very large number of optometrist offices that are kind of Open. But a lot of them have been open all along, right? They were just open for kind of emergency cases rather than everyday patients. So we are definitely seeing more and more of them open, but they're in different degrees of opening, right? Some of them are opening up with a lot of restrictions, right? Patients have to sit out in the parking lot. And they come in one by one and they clean the entire area down before that patient comes in. So your patient traffic is significantly slower. We certainly see that like where we're at here in California. You go to other spots in the U.S. and other spots around the world, there's not nearly as many restrictions. So we're in varying degrees kind of around the world. So it's kind of hard to answer that. The one thing I would say that seems to be pretty clear is that offices are definitely opening, more patient flow is definitely occurring. So the trends are clearly positive, but we still have a little ways to go. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matthew Mishan with KeyBanc. You may proceed with your question.
Matthew Mishan : I think I have a question for Brian actually. Decremental gross margin in CooperVision for the quarter was much lighter than I think youd expected given the sales decline. Is there potentially a delayed margin impact because you're selling inventory that was with better manufacturing absorption?
Brian Andrews: Yes. Good question Matt. So you're right. So I talked about it in my prepared remarks that CVI was impacted by regional mix. So we had a higher percentage of declines in revenues in markets where we had higher margin like in the Americas down 22%. Now, as it relates to capitalized costs, and I won't get into a whole cost accounting discussion on this call here, but sufficed to say, what we really did is we adjusted the large sort of COVID-19 related costs and other manufacturing costs. Those period costs that -- we called those out, we adjusted earnings for those. So that $22.1 million if you look at our GAAP to non-GAAP results, reflects sort of those unabsorbed costs, the excess capacity and those types of costs that were above and beyond our normal operations and incremental from prior to the pandemic. So you won't see those really bleed into future quarters. We're not capping and releasing those down the road. And that's why you saw gross margins where they were. 
Matthew Mishan: And then, as you think about the industry, typically youre seeing rebating based upon annual supply. Do you see any changes in the way consumers are going to purchase contact lens, really purchase about 90 days supply rather than the annual supplies? And kind of how do you kind of see the industry adjusting to that as far as promotions and rebating?
Al White: Yes. That's more of a U.S. question and probably outside of the world. But when we look at that activity, we definitely saw some of that in Q2 and even the beginning of this quarter. And I would give you some examples. Now if you're a patient who had a year supply, and you were ready to order another year supply, but you had to go see your optometrist and you weren't able to get into your optometrist, I've heard many cases where the optometrist said, hey, I'll extend your script so to speak three months and you can go get a quarters worth of supply, but you don't want to buy a year supply. And so I have a chance to check your eyes out and make sure that you're buying the right script.  So we've seen a lot of that activity where patients were like, hey, I kind of want to get this done and just buy another year supply. I'll take advantage of that rebate or discount, but they're not able to. So that's a three month delay in that kind of activity. I think the question longer term on that, because we'll get that back, we'll get those patients back -- come back, ends up being, is there kind of a fundamental shift in the market because of that? I think I would tie that answer more to a recession. If you get a recessionary environment, you'll probably get people trending to more three month purchases, that kind of stuff if they watch their money a little bit closer. We are not seeing that. Based on the research that we've done so far, we're not anticipating that. We're expecting the market to kind of move back to normal.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matthew O'Brien with Piper Sandler. You may proceed with your question.
Matthew O'Brien: Al, you've been touching on this a little bit. But I was just hoping you can reconcile the shortfall you saw in the quarter on the trade up side which I think you said was $40 million, so the most of the shortfall was associated with the lack of the trade up with the comment that, hey, the daily SiHys which are more expensive are going to lead us out of it. With such a high unemployment rate in the U.S., such a high unemployment rate around the world, what gives you that confidence, what are you hearing from patients specifically or consumers specifically that gives you confidence in that? And are you putting any kind of programs in place to kind of ease the burden so that the people can do that trading up?
Al White: Yes. And just to be clear on that trade up, because that is included within new fits. So the biggest component of that was clearly new fit. When you shut down the doctor's office, and you don't have the new patient able to come in and get a script and buy lenses, that's the thing that hurts you the most. Now you also missed out on the trade up, which is, somebody who is wearing a monthly or two week or a traditional older hydrogel trading up to the new one, but the big part of that $40 million I was talking about is new fit patients, think about new patients coming in. With respect to us kind of coming out of this with daily silicones, if we come out of this in a decent way and the economy is doing well and so forth, I think you're not going to see much of a change at all. If we come out of this with a weaker economy, in my mind, you're definitely going to see a greater focus on clariti, right? That's the product that's going to do better and accelerate more, because that's where people are going to be focused. If you're more budget conscious or cost conscious, you're going to still want a daily silicone hydrogel lens. That's what your doctor is still going to want to prescribe for you. That's the market leading product, right, as the only real product there for a mass market daily silicone hydrogel product.  So, it'll depend what direction we go. I will say based on where we are today, and based on the feedback we're getting from people, there's enough demand out there where we're going to be selling a very significant amount of MyDay no matter what. Even if it's premium, even if we went into more of a recessionary kind of environment, the demand there didn't disappear, it remains very, very strong from our consumer research.
Matthew O'Brien: Okay, that's interesting and helpful. And then the second question was just on MiSight. You're backing up a little bit on the spend this year, totally understandable and the revenue contribution this year. But next year, you're still confident in that $25 million, are you going to ramp up some of the spending dollars that you're saving this year next year? Or what I'm also trying to kind of get is, with the $25 million conservative, there was upside, maybe some of that upside is now removed for the time being and hopefully that gets pushed to the next fiscal year? 
Al White: Yes, I kind of look at it and I'd say the $25 million was probably a little conservative beforehand, but I would say that it's probably still a little conservative right now. The difference that we're seeing is a greater interest by optometrists with respect to MiSight. Now, some of that was because people were home, right, they had the time to be able to go through the training, to look at the information, the clinical data and so forth, get comfortable with the fact that, wow, this product really works. This should be standard of care. How am I not going to treat my myopic children in this lens? How can I not have a conversation with the parents about it? So the interest has definitely increased in that product, and the number of people were training inside the U.S. and outside of the U.S. is definitely higher than what we were anticipating it was going to be pre-COVID.  Now, you can only fit it if your office is open, and kids are coming in and so forth. So you got to get back to normal. But I think that we might arguably be in better shape with MiSight oddly enough.  Now, we did defer some marketing expenses on that, but we're still going to spend a very hefty amount of money this year. And depending upon what we do in Q4, because we are seeing that acceleration in interest and that's not only U.S., that's around the world, we might spend a little bit more. So I'm not going to hold back on investing in MiSight.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Cooley with Stephens. You may proceed with your question.
Chris Cooley: Let me just first follow-up on Matts question on MiSight. Would appreciate if you could help us get a little bit better understanding of where you're seeing the demand in U.S. and international, a little bit better flavor there as well in terms of the training, and your thoughts as they pertain to some of the new spectacle alternatives that have been publishing data here recently, with some pretty impressive results? So just wanted to get your views maybe if thats near-term obviously how MiSight is ramping and maybe longer term? I know you just reiterated the $25 million next year, but how you see the size of that opportunity? I had a quick follow-up on PARAGARD. 
Al White: Sure, yes, absolutely, thanks Chris. Yes, the -- in the U.S., we're seeing the significant interest certainly in the training, the numbers and so forth that I mentioned. Now that has to translate itself into fitting. We were definitely seeing fittings, no question about that earlier in the year. And we have more and more kids who have been fitting the lens. And as stores reopen, I'm confident we'll see that number increase. It'll just be a question of how much it increases and how fast it increases. Outside of the U.S., we're doing some work with some fairly decent sized organizations talking to them about this product. And we'll see how that plays out, because that'll -- that can move the needle. So I would say interest is high. Again, from a demand perspective, when you look at actual sales of the product, obviously those have been a little bit muted, because offices have been shut. But whether it's in the U.S. or outside of U.S., the interest is certainly high. I have not stepped back from kind of my position and my excitement about this entire industry. I mean, I think at the end of the day, the ability to treat kids who are myopic, and they're only going to get worse, they're myopia is going to get worse, and being able to minimize that progression of myopia is an amazing thing. And to me, it's -- you're a physician, how are you not evaluating that in treating your patients, right? So I think as more people look at getting into this space, and you talk about people with spectacles, right, as spectacle companies continue to research, I think it's fantastic. I'm excited about that data. I've seen that data. I know some of those companies, I've read their information. I'm excited about the opportunities and so forth with those guys. We're still early stage. There's no question about that, in terms of the data that's out there and the potential to put product into the marketplace. We're well ahead of others, with our MiSight product that's out there, but this is going to be a large market. It's just a matter of how long does it take to get there.
Chris Cooley: Understood. And then if I could just quickly on PARAGARD as my follow up. Just may be premature at this time, but help us think, are you seeing any shifts in the broader birth control market? I realized, again, when we think about pharmacies remaining open, but any bias to maybe shifting to a more permanent methodology of birth control or, again, a greater emphasis on low estrogen alternatives or no hormone or non-hormonal options? Thank you.
Al White: Yes. Obviously, with PARAGARD, I'd love to say yes to that. We're probably a little too early to see whether that's happening or not. When you look at what's happening in the world today with COVID-19, do people look at it and say, I want a non-hormonal option. I want what I would describe as a healthier option. We'll see how that plays out. I mean, I would think that, new placements of PARAGARD were down pretty solid. In April, they were down about 65%. In May, they were down only about 40%. June, we saw a nice rebound -- or, I'm sorry, June, we're currently seeing a nice rebound right now, the start to quarter. And based on our survey work and so forth, I mean, we might only be down 20% year-over-year for June. So we're seeing a pretty impressive kind of uptake on that now. Does that continue or does that accelerate? We'll see. I mean, I'm certainly happy with the numbers I'm seeing with PARAGARD. I don't have that kind of visibility, obviously within the hormonal IUD market, but PARAGARD is certainly taking steps in the right direction. That's for sure. We'll just see how it plays out. I hope that's true. That's for sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch with Citibank. You may proceed with your question.
Joanne Wuensch : A boring question and maybe something more interesting. On the boring side, what are you seeing as your FX headwind this year?
Al White: Well, boy, youve seen rates move pretty aggressively here recently. I think the euro went over 1.13 some, Im going to look at Brian, I'm not sure there is a headwind. 
Brian Andrews: Yes. I mean, from a revenue perspective, I mean, it's going to be -- revenues are still down for us for the year. We haven't obviously given FX rates. So we're not giving guidance for the latter part of the year. But for Q2, I mean it was $3.5 million worse on the revenue line and about $0.10 worse on EPS for Q2.
Joanne Wuensch: Okay. That's a good start. And then I want to go back to the comments of flat revenue in the fourth quarter. So for you guys, that would be August, September and October. How do we think about getting to flat revenue? What I'm trying to get out at is the combination of what is the build to get there? And then also, how does the optometrist and ophthalmologist office change in a social distancing 6 feet apart environment? Thank you. 
Al White: Yes, great question. Because in order to get there, and in order to be as successful as we want to be in fiscal '21, we need optometrist offices reopen and operating to some decent degree. We're not going to be in a situation where you're going to return to normal. You're not snapping your fingers and seeing August volume being the same as it was last year because you are going to have social distancing and the other requirements that are going to continue out there.  But we need to continue to move in that direction, right? It's almost like you go to a cold pool, right? You put your toes in, and then you put your foot in and when it's not that bad, maybe you stepped in, and then it's not that bad, and ultimately you jump in. I mean, we're still in those early stages of kind of sticking your toe in the water in a lot of places. We need to continue to make that progress. For us to be flat in Q4 and to do what we want to do going forward, we obviously need that to come back because we need new fits.  I think the volume is going to be there. Ultimately, I think as long as doors are opening, patients are going to go in there. The demand for contact lenses is going to be there. We're not seeing anything in our research that indicates otherwise. So it's really going to be tied to optometrists opening up their stores.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jon Block with Stifel. You may proceed with your question. 
Jon Block: Great. Thanks, guys. Good afternoon. Firstly just on the inventory in the channel that compressed in the quarter. I guess where was it prior or where is it now? And then I believe you said you expected to remain call it at this new lower level for the foreseeable future. So, if that's the case, is it the new normal? And why would it stay down here and not eventually sort of recapture where it was? And then I've just got a follow up. 
Al White: Yes, with respect to inventory, we saw that kind of around the world. That was probably more focused here in the U.S. because you have a bigger distributor market. Having said that, I do think the majority of that is going to come back or a large portion will come back. Now not all of it because you had inventory for instance in optometrist offices, who ultimately as part of their buying group or individually are going to not want to carry that inventory anymore, which means we'll end up carrying it in our facility. And then we'll ship it direct to patients. So it'll be a little different structure of how that works.  So I don't think all that inventory comes back. But I do think we see that inventory coming back. It's just going to be directly tied to store openings. The more they open, the more they start selling lenses, fulfilling product, the more distributors and the larger retailers will buy product that could be properly stocked. 
Jon Block: Okay. And just as a clarification. The fiscal 3Q numbers that you gave out on CVI, that does not assume much of a rebuild on the inventory side. Is that correct? 
Al White: That is correct. 
Jon Block: Okay, got it. And then just the second question. In some of our checks we heard about, hey, as the optometry practices were closing your consumers were worried about securing lenses. Some of those guys who used to get their lenses from an ECP just went ahead and said, I'm going to turn to 1-800 Contacts or another pure online provider. So if that remains, that shift of lenses goes away from ECP to a pure online, can you just talk about what does that mean if anything for you guys from a margin perspective if that remains in place? Thanks. 
Al White: Yes, you did see some of that activity, right? And for us it kind of neutralized out because we saw the buying activity in March, it neutralized itself out in April from a reporting perspective. And if you look at the shift to online, you definitely saw a greater shift to online and also direct to patient activity that we were just talking about. So it'll be interesting to see how that goes, if it goes back, right? Some of that online activity is actually people buying through a Walmart.com or through Specsavers or GrandVision or someone elses, National Visions websites.  At the end of the day, does that shift stay where it's at? I don't know. I mean, it doesn't make that big of a difference at the end of the day. How thats sold through? I mean, it's not that big of a difference to our P&L.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Anthony Petrone with Jefferies. You may proceed with your question.
Anthony Petrone: Maybe one on CVI one on PARAGARD. I guess Al and Brian just as you look at the shape of the recovery and new fits, some of your competitors maybe commented that it could take a little bit of time here, and it's not necessarily V shape, but I guess maybe, your counter to that. How do you see the recovery shaping out? And in particular, how do you see the school season playing the role here, do you get a fair amount of those new fits back with the back to school season in September?  And then on PARAGARD, just a clarification on the channel hit, I mean should we expect that a fair amount of that inventory in the channel flows as OB/GYN offices open in the coming months? 
Al White: Yes, quickly on PARAGARD, yes, that inventory will start to flow back and because of the -- frankly at the end of the day, you have placements continuing this entire time and they started accelerating back. As I was saying, we didn't ship anything tied to some liquidity concerns and so forth. That's all fine. That will start making its way back into the channel. My guess is, you see it making its way back-in in July, which it would still be our fiscal Q3, certainly in Q4. So, from a reporting perspective, it'll depend when that happens. We'll just be transparent when you guys get that information as it comes back.  If I look at the new fits, again, that'll depend so largely on optometrist offices reopening. I have a tendency to agree I guess with others who said, hey, that's not necessarily a V shape because you'd have to have optometrist offices open and immediately have a lot of traffic coming back in there. So I do think it'll be a little bit slower of a comeback. It's going to happen, stores are opening, traffic is happening and so forth. So I guess it would just be a matter of how you define your V. But I would not assume you're going to see like a mad rush back in. That's one of the reasons I think that the Americas is going to have a softer fiscal Q3 for us. And that's one of the things that's going to kind of keep CooperVisions numbers a little bit softer in Q3, is what timing around the Americas coming back.  I do think that unless something kind of goes off the rails, that as we move back into school season, right, kids going back to school in August, September, in that kind of timeframe, and then getting back to school and realizing they have a vision problem and then needing to go to the optometrist, September, October. I think we're going to have a much more active fiscal Q4 in terms of new fits.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Pasquale with Guggenheim. You may proceed with your question.
Chris Pasquale: Thanks. AI, I just wanted to piggyback on that last point and it seems like a lot of discussion is around the demand, the supply side rather. And optometry offices opening back up, a little assumed impact on the demand side from the macro economic fallout that we've experienced here. So Id love to just know how you're thinking about that and lens utilization given this higher unemployment environment, maybe any lessons we could take from 2009 where market growth got cut in half and it took a year or more for things to really rebound?
Al White: Yes, Chris, you're spot on there. I mean, when you go back to 2009, and when we've seen kind of economic struggles out there, the contact lens industry if I remember right off the top of my head was down -- was up 3% 2009, I think we were up 5%. 
Brian Andrews : Yes.
Al White : So we still put up pretty decent numbers, because of all the under -- other underlying factors that are out there, the geographic expansion and so on and so forth that occurs. But if we are in a more of a recessionary environment, I would anticipate that, that would reduce the overall growth of the market and our numbers also.
Chris Pasquale: Okay. But that's not what you guys are seeing or expecting at this point?
Al White: It's a little tough. When you look at the numbers that I'm talking about right now, it's much more tied to store openings than it is anything else. I'm assuming that we get what kind of people are thinking, right, like a slow progress of improvement in terms of unemployment and so forth. Because we're only talking really about the next five months, something like that right now. I think the question you're talking about would hit us probably more in fiscal '21.
Chris Pasquale: Okay. And then could you just clarify what the PARAGARD revenue number was for the quarter overall?
Brian Andrews: It's a $23 million. Let me just see here, $23 million.
Chris Pasquale: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Lichtman with Oppenheimer. You may proceed with your question.
Steven Lichtman: Thanks. I just wanted to follow up on Chris' question on unemployment. You mentioned that we see elevated unemployment, clariti would be a key focus within daily SiHy. But I just want to put a finer point on, if do you see any risk to a slower shift to dailies overall for the market in an elevated unemployment environment? And I don't know to the extent you are going to go back to the way to attend context on that as well.
Al White: Not really, because your price differential isn't that great. So optometrists were still looking at it saying, what's the best product that fit my patient in. The best product is a daily lens. When I look at it from a hygiene perspective, or a comfort perspective, or any kind of all the different angles that you would look at it, you're saying a daily makes the most sense. To somebody who is cost conscious moves more towards the clariti daily, which gets a lot closer by the way to like a monthly lens, because with a monthly lens, you also have to have solutions on. So keep in mind, yes, it's not -- you have to compare any of your FRPs plus your solutions costs to the cost of your dailies. So that delta in cost is not that great and you're not going to want to have -- you're not going to see optometrist wanting to put some of those products over daily.
Steven Lichtman: And then just on some of the investments you targeted this year and any impact from COVID. Should we assume the same CapEx levels you previously talked about given your comments during this call about MyDay and clariti manufacturing or is that getting cut at all? And what about DTC around PARAGARD?
Al White: Yes, the DTC on PARAGARD. We deferred some of that. So we had some TV advertising and so forth that was occurring in Q2, we were able to defer that here, some of that activity is actually going on now. And then we're just continuing to evaluate that right now whether it makes sense. We kind of touched on that earlier is there a shift in the marketplace more towards sort of non-hormonal product like PARAGARD is such a great product, right? Does this help kind of push it in that direction? I hope so, we'll see. The sales team is -- our sales team is just insanely good that's handling that product right now. So I listen to them, I kind of take direction from them on that. So we'll see how that plays out and then we'll adjust accordingly. On the kind of CapEx side or the capital side, a lot of the costs that we have right now are already built in. That's why you saw big CapEx number this year -- this quarter and you'll see why next quarter and even kind of finishing the year out, because those lines are ordered 18 months in advance and so forth.  I do think because of the environment we're in and the progress that we've made, especially with MyDay, you're going to see kind of one of these classic Cooper things that if you go back in time and look at us over the years when we do these investments cycles, and we get a situation where we start getting in a good position like we're in today, and where we've accelerated some of that success, we do run into a scenario at some point where our CapEx declines pretty decently and our cash flow shoots up pretty solidly.  So I think that, that event what is going to happen is probably going to happen a little bit sooner than we were thinking. It's just a matter of when that's going to happen. But I think cash will continue to be tight because of CapEx for a little while. And then it will increase materially.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research. You may proceed with your question.
Steve Willoughby : Hi, good evening. Two questions for you. First, maybe for Brian. With the -- I guess you talked a little bit about the call out as it relates to gross margins earlier. I guess I was a little bit surprised on how large if a call out youre making here in the quarter, it accounts for more than 10% of your COGS in the quarter. So, maybe if you could help us understand what -- I know you're not giving guidance. But like what margins could look like going forward, given this sort of call out related to COVID during the quarter? And then what sort of decrementals looks like with the revenue -- expected revenue declines in the third quarter? And then I have one quick follow up on inventory.
Brian Andrews: Yes, so just to elaborate. I mean really in Q2, we proactively shut down lines either purposely for demand reasons, or to address social distancing protocols. So we incurred higher than usual costs from these actions. So, given that the production levels have fallen what you saw were those additional costs that we incurred, those period expenses that got flushed through the P&L and we captured those larger costs. And that's what you saw as the adjustment.  Obviously, with regional mix and product mix that has -- that moves the needle when you see regions dropping 22% or 11% and so forth, it's going to -- it'll move the numbers a little bit. But I would expect that as the business continues to recover and you get towards Q4 especially Q1, if things are back on track, you're going to start to see your gross margins expand and get back to normal.
Steve Willoughby : Okay. Would we expect to see non-GAAP gross margins in the third and fourth quarter looks similar to what we saw in the second quarter or would they be worse than that? I just don't know what you're planning on calling out if that makes sense? 
Brian Andrews: Well, I mean, I think really what you had for us is an impact from COVID towards the very end of March, and April. So now that we're solidly in this and we're recovering, you're still going to see some of those similar non-GAAP adjustments in Q3. Whether they show up in Q4? I don't want to comment on that now without seeing sort of how things improve. But certainly, I would expect you'll see something similar. And again back to the Als comment earlier about the -- how markets are going to return and Asia-Pac possibly showing some growth and Europe sort of in the middle and Americas still lagging a little bit, you're going to still have some of that -- some of the similar regional mix issue that we had in Q2 impact us in Q3. 
Steve Willoughby: And then just real quickly, Al, a follow-up related to inventory. I know over the years, both you and Bob, back in the day, we would talk about inventory and working down of inventory. What do you feel right now and I guess as it relates more particularly on the CVI side, as where channel inventory stands as compared to maybe what trough inventory levels have been in the past?
Al White: Yes, it's always a little hard to say. I mean we have good visibility when it comes to some of the guys, right, like our distributors and so forth. And then we have less visibility when it comes to some of the retailers, especially the retailers who have a lot of stores out there that might not be corporate-owned, right, that could be franchise stores and so forth. And then the optometrist office makes it even a little bit more challenging, right? So I was trying to piece that out when I was looking at the month of April and that I kind of got to that $35 million number, right? It's -- all those are a little bit squishy. But I kind of think that, that was a number, right, maybe it's not as massive as it could have been. But I didn't see like a huge change. And one of the things that's kind of interesting as we've seen is some of these retailers are already kind of building up and they're anticipating that things are going to be okay. So, I shouldn't say build up, right? But they didn't go quite down as far as much as I thought they would have gone from an inventory perspective. And they seem to be kind of starting maybe to come back a little bit. So, it's a hard one Steve. We've talked about that over the years. It's always a struggle. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan. You may proceed with your question.
Robbie Marcus: Al, I know over the years, you've always talked about maybe a 3 to 5 time net income dollars benefit from the trade up from a non-compliant two-week to a compliant daily. Is there any risk that as we move forward in a tough economic time that you might see the reverse happen as people trade down? And how do we think about any potential for people spacing out purchasing or trading down, down the P&L? 
Al White: Yes, we don't really see that. So it's pretty rare that we see someone trade down. Once someone moves to a daily, it would be not even -- it'd probably be stronger, like incredibly rare to see that person go back to like a two-week or a monthly lens. I think you're going continue to see it and maybe some of that shifting decreases a little bit. We'll kind of see how that plays out, right? Because that would be youre more cost conscious. We move into next year and you're not seeing people want to switch. They're happy with their two-week or their monthly lens and their doctor saying, hey, this is a better product for you, this daily SiHy and you should think about the shift and it's a little bit more expensive. Somebody's like, I'm happy where I'm at, I'll just go ahead and stick with what I have. I would think that's possible. And it's definitely more likely in the more of a recessionary environment where people are more cost conscious. So it'll be interesting to see how that one plays out.
Robbie Marcus: And then just a quick follow-up. On MiSight, you said the launch was going well. I just want to -- maybe you could put that in perspective. I don't know if you can put numbers on it. Is that the -- you talked about some of the virtual training, is that what you were referring to? Or were the sales numbers tracking at or above the $2 million in the U.S. that you had laid out earlier in the year? Thanks.
Al White: Yes. So I was talking more about the training. So people getting certified, people being ready to sell the product. We've probably done around $3 million through the first six months. I was still talking about $7 million to $8 million for this year. So looking for some improvement here as we exit the year and certainly some improvement in Q4 as offices are opening back up. That's -- I'm basing that off the commentary that we've received from docs out there, who have gone through this, who are now certified fitters and able to fit, their commentary that they are going to be talking to parents about that, and having discussions and so forth. So what I was really referring to was, we're getting more trainings, right, we have more docs certified and more docs in the process of being certified than we would have had if we wouldn't have done it online.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm not showing any further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Al White, President and CEO, for any further remarks.
Al White: Great, thank you. Thank you, everyone. I appreciate your time today. We had a lot to go through. So I think we hit on the high points and I look forward to catching up with everyone again in three months. So thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-03-05 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Q1 2020 Cooper Companies, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode, after the speakers presentation there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the conference over to you speaker today Kim Duncan, Vice President, Investor Relations and Administrations. Please go ahead maam.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon, and welcome to The Cooper Companies First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. During today's call, we will discuss the results included in the earnings release, along with updated guidance and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Al White, President and Chief Executive Officer and Brian Andrews, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market or regulatory conditions and integration of an acquisition or their failure to achieve anticipated benefits. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward-Looking Statements in today's earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including Cooper's Form 10-K, all of which are available on our website at coopercos.com. Should you have any additional questions following the call, please call our investor line at 925- 460-3663 or e-mail ir@coopercos.com. And now I'll turn the call over to Al for his opening remarks.
Al White: Great. Thank you, Kim, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter 2020 conference call. This quarter met expectations and we're now well positioned to deliver stronger results moving forward. This is especially true given recent operational improvements, including increased MyDay production. Having said that, there's the coronavirus impact and the obvious challenges it presents. Before getting into those details, let me walk through the quarters performance. For Q1 consolidated revenues were $646 million, with CooperVision posting revenues of $485 million up 3% as reported or up 4% in constant currency and CooperSurgical posting revenues of $161 million up 2% as reported and 2% in constant currency. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $2.69. For CooperVision, all on a constant currency basis the Americas grew a healthy 8% led by our daily silicone hydrogel franchises, where we continue to offer the broadest portfolio in the market with MyDay available on a sphere and toric, and clariti in a sphere, toric and multifocal. Both lens families performed exceptionally well with Toric posting particular strength. EMEA grew 3% supported by our entire silicone hydrogel portfolio and Asia Pac was down 1% due to MyDay capacity constraints as well as Biofinity and Avaira Vitality, not rebounding as fast as expected from the destocking associated with the September VAT increase in Japan. Having said that, Asia Pac is already rebounding and we expect growth in Q2 even in the face of the coronavirus. All three regions were led by our daily silicone hydrogel portfolio, which grew 19% continuing to take share in the fastest growing segment of the contact lens industry. This growth really demonstrates our strength with daily silicones and it bodes well for the future as MyDay capacity is quickly improving. Meanwhile, our Biofinity and Avaira franchises grew 3% a little softer than usual due to the destocking issue in Asia Pac. Having said that, we expect better performance moving forward in Asia Pac along with an uptick from our launch of the recently approved Biofinity toric multifocal in the U.S. with the rest of the world following shortly. Torics grew, 7% led by MyDay and Clariti and multifocals grew 6% led by Clariti and Biofinity. So in summary a solid quarter. Given, we expect Asia Pac to return to stronger growth in Q2 the Americas to remain strong and EMEA to start showing a rebound in Q3 as the comps get easier, we're optimistic about the remainder of the year. Before moving to MiSight, I want to cover some positive news on MyDay. As we discussed on last quarter's earnings call. The demand for MyDay is extremely strong and weve produced great results, but we've been capacity constrained. As such, we realigned significant resources to accelerate startup efforts on new lines and I'm happy to report that activity is going exceptionally well. I want to commend our manufacturing team for their efforts in a truly fantastic job. Moving to MiSight, our innovative myopia management contact lens, sales this quarter we're $1.5 million up 87% which was slightly above expectations and positions as well to achieve our objectives for the year. As a reminder, MiSight is our FDA approved daily lens that has been clinically proven to slow the progression of myopia in children's eight to 12 years old. It has extensive five-year clinical data and experience has shown it's safe and easy for children to handle and wear. We're continuing to have success around the world, finishing February with over 17,000 kids wearing the product up from 13,000 last quarter and I'm happy to report this includes our first children in the U.S. Regarding U.S. activity we completed our KOL (0:05:37) launch in January, completed training of our U.S. sales reps in February and have now invited roughly 1,800 docs into the first round of the MiSight program for education and certification happening in seven of the top optometry universities in the U.S. We're also continuing our sales, marketing and educational activity around the rest of the world along with continuing investments in clinical and regulatory work. With the U.S. launch underway, the product is now being sold as part of a holistic Myopia Management Program called Brilliant Futures where we provide the eye care practitioner the lenses, a suite of resources to help educate and connect with parents and targeted marketing tools to assist the eye care practitioner in building their myopia management practice. The doctor can then incorporate all this into their own customized program, which could include eye exams and potentially other offerings such as Ortho K lenses and then charge an appropriate price for their complete offering. The early feedback has been phenomenal and it's really exciting to see the progress we're making with ECP on the clinical benefits of MiSight and why this treatment should be standard-of-care for young patients with myopia. It's important to remember that myopia, especially high levels of myopia, has been linked to severe eye conditions later in life, such as glaucoma, cataracts, and retinal detachment. So a product such as MiSight that actually treats this condition is incredibly exciting. We believe MiSight has the potential to be a true game changer in the optical industry, so we're happy and proud to be leading the way with this truly innovative product. Regarding financial expectations, from MiSight, we're still forecasting roughly $10 million in sales this year, including $2 million in the U.S. and $25 million in fiscal 2021 and around $50 million in fiscal 2022. MiSight is a great growth driver for us as it's an entrance into a brand new market, that being children while also offering high margins as it's a Proclear based lens produced on an existing platform. Additionally, it offers a strong halo effect on the rest of our portfolio and is already driving eye care practitioner interest in CooperVision's other products. Before concluding on vision, let me remind everyone of the multiple growth drivers that underlie the $8.9 billion contact lens industry. It starts with myopia where it's currently estimated that roughly one third of the world's population is myopic and this will increase to 50% in 2050. This obviously means a lot of visual correction, which is great for the entire optical industry. Additionally and more specifically to contact lenses. There's a continuing trade up from FRPs to dailies that trade off from legacy hydrogel dailiesto silicone hydrogel dailies, geographic expansion and growth in torics and multifocals. Within dailies only 25% to 30% of wearers are in dailies today and only 43% of current daily sales are silicone hydrogel lenses. Our expectations therefore remain that this is a multibillion dollar trade up opportunity, which will occur over the next five to 10 years. And all this continues to support market growth in the upper part of the 4% to 6% range for many years to come with us taking share for the foreseeable future led by our market leading daily silicone hydrogel portfolio. And finally, Im happy to report our new fit data was once again very strongest this quarter, especially with respect to silicone hydrogel daily fits, which bodes well for our future. Moving to CooperSurgical, we reported revenues of $161 million, up 2% in constant currency, with office and surgical up 3%, and fertility up 1%. Within office and surgical, growth was driven by EndoSee our second-generation handheld office hysteroscope and our surgical retractors. PARAGARD was flat for the quarter following Q4 where we had significant buy-in activity associated with a 9% price increase implemented during the quarter. On pricing, remember that increases roll in over three years, due to buy-in activity, contractual arrangements and public market purchases, such as Medicaid. For the year, were still forecasting mid-single digit growth for PARAGARD. Fertility was led by our device portfolio, which includes consumable products like IVF media and our market-leading Wallace Embryo needles and transfer catheters. This was offset in part by our genomics business, but more so by shipment delays at quarter end, which moved to Q2. Given that we expect a stronger Q2 from fertility even with the impact of the coronavirus in Asia-Pac. Overall for CooperSurgical, we expected this quarter to be our most challenging due to tough 8% comp from a year ago and the Q4 PARAGARD buy-in, but we hit our expectations and remain confident in posting a strong year. Now before concluding, let me cover the coronavirus and its impact. First and foremost, our thoughts are with our employees, their families and the communities impacted by the virus. Weve been fortunate and that we havent had any employees infected by the virus that were aware of. Our business in China is relatively small, only roughly 2.5% of our revenues and we have no manufacturing or packaging located in the country, so thats obviously helped. We have been able to maintain our supply of product in China, which is sold through third-party distributors, so the impact has largely been around the parts of our business that sell into hospitals, that being fertility and our specialty lens business. Were also seeing a modest impact in other countries where there is heightened virus activity that our businesses are proving to be relatively resistant. At this point, were estimating the total revenue impact in Q2 will be roughly $15 million, comprised of $11 million in CooperVision and $4 million in CooperSurgical. I believe will likely cost some of this back as we moved through the year, but were not including that in guidance. Having said that, were holding our full year revenue guidance unchanged, driven by the improved MyDay production and new contracts weve won in our fertility business, which we expected generate higher sales and Q3 and Q4. Underlying all this is the assumption our global operations largely return in normal in May, the beginning of our fiscal third quarter. Brian will provide additional numbers, but our expectations for strong year remained intact. With that let me conclude by saying were taking share in the global contact lens market. MyDay capacity is ramping up nicely. The MiSight launch is progressing well and CooperSurgical is well positioned to accelerate growth. Were also continuing to make positive strides with our ESG efforts including expanding support, a several community involvement efforts and my recent signing of the CEO action for diversity inclusion pledge, which is the worlds largest CEO driven initiative to advance diversity and inclusion within the workplace. And with that, Ill turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Andrews: Thank you, Al, and good afternoon, everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to todays earnings release for a full reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. Al covered revenues. So let me move to the rest of the P&L. Consolidated gross margins for the quarter were roughly flat year-over-year at 67.3% from 67.5%. CooperVisions gross margin improved 50 basis points to 66.5% from 66%, largely due to a reduction in year-over-year expenses associated with the infrastructure improvement projects we discussed last year, which weve now completed. CooperSurgicals gross margin decreased to 69.7% from 72%, largely due to disruptions weve previously discussed associated with consolidating our global manufacturing operations into Costa Rica. As expected though the upfront work associated with this consolidation activity is completed and we continue to forecast gross margins improving year-over-year, including Q2 moving back into the low-70s. OpEx was up 5.4% year-over-year resulting in consolidated operating margins of 25% down from 26.2% last year. Within this CooperVisions operating margin improved nicely driven by gross margin improvements and operating leverage, but CooperSurgicals profitability was down due to the reduction in gross margin combined to the pull forward of certain expenses including selling and marketing costs associated with a re-launch of our PARAGARD DTC activity. It should be noted. This is mostly timing related and does not alter our full year expectations. Interest expense was $11.6 million, driven by lower average debt balances and lower interest rates. Effective tax rate was 10% largely due to the timing of normal equity grants and larger than expected Q1 true ups related to restructuring activity. Non-GAAP EPS for the quarter was $2.69 with roughly $49.7 million average shares outstanding. Free cash flow was $60.7 million comprised of $129.7 million of operating cash flow, offset by $69 million of CapEx. Net debt decreased by $37.6 million to $1.7 billion and our adjusted leverage ratio moves slightly lower to 1.82 times. Lastly on Q1 the year-over-year FX impact to revenues was negative $2.8 million and there was no impact to EPS. Moving to fiscal 2020 guidance, given the variability with currencies, weve decided to use the same rates we used in December including the euro at 1.10, the yen at 1.09 and the pound at 1.29. For revenues as Al mentioned, we anticipate are roughly negative $15 million impact from the coronavirus in Q2, but both businesses expect to make that up in Q3 and Q4. Therefore, were holding our revenue guidance unchanged with consolidated revenue guidance for the fiscal 2020 remaining $2.767 billion to $2.817 billion. This includes CooperVision revenue in the range of $2.070 billion to $2.1 billion up roughly 5.5% to 7% in constant currency and CooperSurgical in the range of $697 million to $717 million of roughly 3% to 6% in constant currency. Note that when incorporating our Q1 performance, our full year guidance implies and accelerating growth rate for CooperVision of roughly 6% to 8% for Q2 to Q4 and roughly 3% to 7% for CooperSurgical. We remain comfortable with these ranges for the reasons Al mentioned including improved MyDay production and improving fertility performance. We continue to expect consolidating  consolidated growth and operating margins to be up slightly while now forecasting interest expense to be in the $37 million to $39 million range, which includes the recent 50 basis point fed rate reduction, but no additional rate moves. Given we have roughly $1.7 billion of debt and its all floating, any additional interest rate reductions would be a nice positive benefit. For effective tax rate, were now forecasting the full year to be roughly 12%, which incorporates Q1 along with the updated regional profit estimates and benefits from existing share-based comp. Our non-GAAP earnings per share range is being increased $0.20 on the top and bottom ends to $12.80 to $13.20 to reflect the lower interest expense and tax rate. Free cash flow is still expected to be around $425 million with CapEx remaining elevated at around $325 million due to the build out of daily silicone hydrogel production capacity. And with that, Ill hand it back to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Larry Keusch with Raymond James. You may proceed with your question.
Larry Keusch: Okay. Great, thanks. Good afternoon, everyone. I guess just first question relative to our model, the SG&A spend was a bit higher than anticipated. I was just wondering if that was  if the spend was actually in line with what you guys were planning or were there any discrete items behind it that might have pushed a little bit higher?
Al White: Yes. Larry, it was roughly in line, but it was higher than we were expecting. It came from a little bit higher than we were expecting. It came from CooperSurgical. Really, the PARAGARD DTC activity was pulled forward a little bit, and thats fairly expensive than TV ads. Were doing them a little differently. This year, were going to cable rather than hitting the primary stations in the big markets, but its still fairly expensive and that was pulled forward into Q1. So thats not going to change our full-year expectations for surgical and our SG&A expenses, but it did move some into the first quarter.
Larry Keusch: Okay, perfect. And then just another one on  I guess, on the improving capacity that you have for MyDay toric. Can you just talk a little bit about whats progressed since you updated people in January at the JPMorgan Conference? And I guess just, along with that, I know you said you dont have any manufacturing in China, but do you source any raw material for contact lenses coming out of China or is that Japan or somewhere else? Thanks.
Al White: Yes. We do not source any raw material out of China. We do  well, we certainly dont have anything material out of China. I think there is a part for CooperSurgical, maybe something really small, but certainly nothing large by any means. Most of thats from the rest of the world, including Japan that you mentioned. On MyDay, yes, MyDay is solely a matter of getting production up and running faster. Thats it. So we have a number of lines coming in and bringing those lines forward by a month or two months or 2.5 months in some cases has pulled production from the latter part of this year and the beginning of 2021 into 2020 and even months earlier here in 2020. So all thats doing is allowed us to produce more product. As weve talked about, the demand on that is really strong. We pulled back in some markets, took the lens out of the market, cut back putting fitting sets and a lot of that kind of stuff. So the demand remains really strong. This is solely a matter of comforting the fact that production is ramping up, and thats going to give us more lenses and well have more sales because of it.
Larry Keusch: Okay, terrific. Thanks guys.
Al White: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Johnson with Baird. You may proceed with your question.
Jeff Johnson: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys. Let me follow-up maybe on Larrys question around MyDay. Just  and I guess its a little bit of a guidance question as well, but on the 6% to 8% CVI guide for the balance of the year, if I take $11 million out of the second quarter like youre saying, Brian, and also assume, I dont think MyDay, correct me if Im wrong, is back in Japan yet, at least not the one check we have over in Japan on that. So should we assume that 6% to 8% kind of builds throughout the year? Maybe at the lower end of that in the second quarter and then higher than that over the balance of the year? How to think about that, Al?
Al White: Yes, youre spot on. It will be  just because if nothing else, because the $11 million pulling out of Q2 and the fact that a lot of that MyDay production is currently ramping, right. And so youre right. We pulled the product out in a few different markets and pulled back on supply to some retailers and so forth. You will see that start to improve a little bit in Q2, but definitely improve quite a bit more for Q3 and Q4. So youre right, you end up kind of back adding it, right. So if youre talking about taking $11 million out, I dont know exactly what the number will be, but maybe its you get $4 million more in Q3 and $7 million in Q4, that type of thing.
Jeff Johnson: All right. And then Al, maybe just talk to us about kind of what youre hearing or seeing in China. I know its a small market, or maybe even in Japan or Italy or any of your other markets, our sense is a lot of people will have plenty of lenses at home, theyre going through those lenses, utilizing those lenses, but maybe not going into the eye doctor themselves. So if there is an impact to you this year, bigger than the $11 million, do you think it would be a timing impact? Is there a risk that we just lose contact lens sales for a while? Just how to think about maybe what youre seeing so far and maybe conceptually, help us think about how the next few quarters could play out if this continues to spread and impact greater regions? Thanks.
Al White: Yes, Ill split it into two, because CooperVision has a pretty decent specialty lens business and a lot of that is in China. And the specialty lens business is sold through hospitals there. So we end up taking a bigger hit there, right, because people arent going to hospitals, dont want to go to hospital. Now thats our bigger portion of the hit. Now I do think that our expectation is that things get back to normal in May, moving forward. It covers that. And I think well be okay with the specialty lenses starting to sell more there. Im not sure wed pick that business up, to be honest with you. I kind of think we will, but Im not positive of that. If you look at the rest of the world thats out there, we rolled in about $5 million, we just said generally speaking. I do think that if there is deferrals because of the coronavirus that we do pick that up, we didnt roll that into guidance, but Im not sure why we wouldnt, right. If somebody has lenses at home, and for some reason, they are not going to get more, then theyre going to ultimately need them. Now honestly, were not seeing much of an impact because people are buying things online. Theres other ways that people can get products. So as of right now, end user demand remains strong, our sell-through remains strong. So were not seeing a lot of impact from that right now. I mean I think were covering ourselves sufficiently by just saying, hey, were going to have that impact this quarter. Everything will be fine, and kind of go fully back to normal so, I dont know. At the end of the day, I think were pretty decently covered with the expectations we have out there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Anthony Petrone with Jefferies. You may proceed with your question.
Anthony Petrone: Great, thanks. Maybe just to stick on the guide for coronavirus, just the total $15 million. Im wondering how many countries actually is that, so is that just China? I think its actually more than China. So maybe even just the $10 million in CVI, how much of that is China and how much of that is outside of China? And then Ill have a couple of follow-ups. Thanks.
Al White: Yes. So if you look at  Ill break it down a couple of ways, right. $15 million, about $4 million is CooperSurgical. Thats all from China. So thats where in fertility clinics operate out of hospitals in China, so thats all for China for them. Were not really seeing an impact outside of China. If you look at CooperVisions $11 million, somewhere around $6 million of that is China-related and thats largely related to the specialty lens business, a little bit associated to some of the other lens products out there. And then that remaining portion is that remaining $5 million is kind of spread a little bit to a couple of different countries. Were not seeing like a dramatic impact in any particular country other than probably South Korea, where there is a little bit bigger of an impact there, but the numbers arent that big, right. So you get a little bit in South Korea, you get a little bit in Italy, a little bit in a couple of spots, but nothing dramatic as you can tell from my commentary.
Anthony Petrone: And then just on the fiscal 1Q print in APAC, the $109 million, it was down 1% constant currency. Last quarter, it was up 11%. But it ends in January, so was there any impact in the quarter in APAC? And is the new growth rate on APAC sort of down or is it mid-single digits as we move through the year? And then just to put it in the last question there just on PARAGARD, I just want to confirm, the national ads in the U.S., were those up and running in the fiscal 1Q or have they started again as we move through 2020? Thanks, again.
Al White: Yes, so the national ads on PARAGARD are up and running. So those started  even in Q1, I know the costs were certainly starting in Q1. Youre shaking your head. They just started in December, the actual TV ads. So yes, so the ads were up and running in Q1. If you look at Asia-Pac, yes, we had minus 1%. Kind of surprisingly Biofinity and Avaira were a little bit softer as we finished the quarter than what we thought they were going to be. So weve seen those come back already in February. So that makes me feel good. I think that ended up being tied to the VAT purchases that happened in with the September change. Asia-Pac is going to grow right now, I believe for the second quarter. Im not sure how much it will grow. I wouldnt be surprised, but low-mid single digits, something like that is kind of what I expect even with the coronavirus. And then we should be back to double-digit growth certainly in Q3 and Q4.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. You may proceed with your question.
Larry Biegelsen: Hey guys, thanks for taking the question. Just two from me. Al, you threw out there that you got approval of MyDay multifocal toric. What kind of ramp should we expect in the U.S.? How big can that product be? And just second  Ill our throw out my second question now. What are you seeing from new competition in the silicone hydrogel daily disposable space, particularly from PRECISION1 and the new VSP lens? Thanks for taking the questions.
Al White: Yes. The approval was Biofinity multifocal toric. Yes, we got that approved and we launched that product here. Thats never a massive product. Its a highly profitable product, but from a revenue perspective, its never that huge because its a pretty targeted market. Having said that, we will get a few million dollars out of that. And the other thing is, its great for the Biofinity franchise, like for the whole family to go out there and be able to have a product to talk about. That will, in my mind, clearly will be the best multifocal toric FRP in the marketplace. No question about it. So having that product out and being able to talk about it and just continue to talk about Biofinity is great, it helps the entire family. If you look at the competition side of things, yeah PRECISION1 is being launched in that product is starting to make its way out into the marketplace a little bit here. So we havent seen too much impact from that yet. And if you look at VSP, I know thats making its way  that lens is making its way out also. Havent seen frankly too much impact on that either. So not too much impact from a competitive standpoint, at this point. And as Ive said before I mean there is room for other people within this space, but were in a pretty good spot. And Im really happy with where we stand with clariti and the success with clariti that weve seen especially clariti toric, and with MyDay continuing to hold up as well as it has, and us being able to come out here with more of the toric and everything, puts us in a pretty good spot.
Larry Biegelsen: Thanks for taking the questions.
Al White: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matthew Mishan with KeyBanc. You may proceed with your question.
Matthew Mishan: Great. Thank you for taking the questions. Hey Al, now that Alcon appears to be moving forward with the DT1 toric for later in the year, does that get you to the point where rounding out the full family of MyDay becomes greater priority?
Al White: Yes, you really go into MyDay multifocal. So we had the toric out there. The key for us right now is to be able to meet the demand for the toric. We need to get more fitting sets out in the marketplace, and then we will fulfill that demand. So for right now, its a matter of just saying there is a lot of demand out there for premium daily silicone hydrogel toric, a lot of demand out there. Were doing well. Well launch  I shouldnt say launch, but well get the product out there more robustly here as we proceed through the year and do really well. And I imagine DT1 toric will actually do fairly well when they come out with that product. So I think were both in a good spot. When you look at the multifocal for MyDay, wed like to get that out there. Our problem ends up being, were going to be capacity constrained here for  I wont say for at least a year, it could be a couple of years before we move through the capacity for the sphere and the toric itself. So I do think well get a multifocal out there at some point, but its going to be a little while before we get it out to market.
Matthew Mishan: Okay. And then my Asia question. If this thing does get a little bit worse in that region, how flexible are you with an ability to move lenses between regions? So if Asia demand were to weaken as a result of this, could you move that capacity to other areas of the world where youre constrained?
Al White: Short answer is yes. We ship the product over there, obviously, but if demand pulled back there, we would take that product and reallocate it into the European market and the U.S. I mean even Europe was hit a little bit this quarter. They were okay, but they were hit a little bit this quarter because of MyDay capacity constraints. Thats for sure. And weve  if that did happen, we would allocate those lenses and certainly sell them elsewhere. There is plenty of demand.
Matthew Mishan: Okay, excellent. Thank you.
Al White: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Cooley with Stephens. You may proceed with your question.
Chris Cooley: Thank you. I appreciate you taking the questions this afternoon. Just two quickly from me. One, Al, just to clarify, and I hate to belabor the point, but in your coronavirus guidance, youre not assuming further acceleration of the virus here in the United States, and putting the pull over domestic demand. It sounds like its relegated more so to the Asia-Pac region, and to a lesser extent, Italy. And then just going into my second question in as well, could you just remind us what the production delays were in fertility during the quarter and help us kind of better understand the contract that was won and why that gives you confidence, and despite the coronavirus, you still can see an acceleration in that franchise as you go forward in the back half of the fiscal year? Thank you.
Al White: Yes, sure. Thanks, Chris. Yes, with the coronavirus, were assuming everything gets back to normal kind of in May. But youre right, were not assuming anything gets worse from a sales perspective. That doesnt mean  obviously its going to be headline news. And fortunately, there will be additional people infected as they move through the U.S. and so forth. But were assuming that we continue to sell product pretty similar to how were selling it today and then moving back to normal as we go into Q3. If you look at fertility, it wasnt production delays in fertility. It was shipment delays. So we have product that should have gone out at the end of Q1 that is going out in Q2. Large portion of it has already gone out, but its going out this quarter. So thats just a movement of shipping of goods obviously, so we recognize that in the second quarter. On the contracts, we did have a couple of contracts here. Some nice contracts weve won outside of the U.S., a few opportunities that well start capitalizing on and youll see the revenue impact from that in Q3 and Q4. I wont go into specific details, other than to say, obviously, it gives us comfort in our guidance in keeping revenues the same, because we already have visibility to kind of increase revenue, so to speak, from those contracts.
Chris Cooley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jon Block with Stifel. You may proceed with your question.
Jon Block: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys. Ill start with MiSight. You mentioned the certification program. Maybe at a high level, what does that certification program entail? And then you mentioned, I think it was 1,800 docs taking part in that program. How does the interest level look or the backlog, if you would, beyond the first 1,800? And then I just got a follow-up.
Al White: Sure. So yes, the certification  or its kind of the education and certification, so to speak, associated with that. So we did that with the key opinion leaders in January and we had a group of them down in Miami to kick that off. And then they did the training, they went through the online certification, which is pretty straightforward honestly for an optometrist. We have 20 certified docs in the U.S. right now already prescribing selling the lens. I think that was all the docs frankly that went to that are now certified in selling it. The invitation to the 1,800 docs to go to the training at the seven universities just went out. I think it went out a couple of days ago. So the feedback, if you will, the verbal feedback has been very positive on that. There is a lot of those docs that we targeted who have pretty decent pediatric practices. So there was definitely some excitement there and a number of people who are looking to jump in and move forward relatively quickly. So I feel pretty good about that.
Jon Block: Okay. So maybe Ill ask a follow-up to that and just also layer in the next one. I guess are you going to pursue that in tranches? In other words, gather some learnings from the first subset of 1,800 and then maybe bring on the next tranche? And arguably question two, just key accounts. Back to where  are you back to where you want to be in terms of pursuing some of these larger strategic accounts? I think in fiscal 4Q 2019, you mentioned you had to hold back because of where you were from a capacity standpoint. Is it all systems go right now? Thanks, guys.
Al White: Yes. So well keep going on the 1,800 docs. What we tried to do was kind of target docs who had a bigger pediatric presence and of course, anyone who is already doing some form of myopia management. So that 1,800 should be a pretty good group of docs. We ended up expanding it. Its going to be a little bit smaller than that, the interest was strong. So we expanded that and we actually ended up including a number of docs in that who are not CooperVision docs, if you will. There were a number of that came that really wanted to be involved and wanted to get signed up early. So we expanded that as much as we could. Our limitation is that we have seven of the top colleges doing the training. So its just a matter of how many people we can get in classes and push through there. As we work through that process, well expand that and invite more practitioners in, no question. If you look key accounts, yes, that team, boy, they did just crazy good job for a long time. And we got kind of on our heels a little bit because of the MyDay production side of things. We are back at it there. So things are moving back long, were having those conversations. It kind of optimistic that well get some good news out there before too much longer here in terms of maybe a new key account that will raise your eyebrows.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matthew OBrien with Piper Jaffray. You may proceed with your question.
Matthew OBrien: Afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. Hopefully you can hear me okay. Al, were hearing about some new market dynamics from one of your bigger competitors thats coming up starting April 1, as far as cutting back on rebating legacy products and then trying to cut down on the gray market. So can you  and if Ive heard about it, Im sure you have, can you talk about how that could potentially disrupt the marketplace, improve the marketplace? And then what kind of opportunities do that present for Cooper maybe over the next six months to 12 months?
Al White: Yes. Well, I'll tell you we talked about the gray market at probably at least a year or two years ago, something like that. We got through that, but I'll tell you what, that takes some work. And what we're talking about right, is that you're shipping lenses into one market and someone's taking advantage of pricing discounts and so forth, and their intent is not to sell it in that market, but they're getting volume discounts for some reason. A lot of times tied to legacy contracts. So they are buying product and then rerouting that product into another market, and hurting the pricing that you have there. So that's a tough one. That's an actual project to get your arms around that, evaluate contracts and so forth and clean that up. We went through that and it improved our profitability and anyone else who is going through a gray market analysis to clean that up, that will be a positive benefit for them. If you look at the pricing dynamics in the market, you're exactly right. We haven't seen anything really recent but we did see rebate activity getting taken down. We had a lot of $200 for annual rebates and you've seen a lot of that move down for $100 rebate for existing wears. Still $200 or something for new wears. But that's a positive dynamic. I know you also saw list pricing be increased by everybody this year. So we're looking at our own pricing right now. We're looking at our own rebate activity. We did take a little bit of pricing this year already. We'll look at incremental pricing and any adjustments to rebates as we kind of move through the year here.
Matthew O'Brien: Okay. And then as the follow-up, the toric performance again this quarter was quite good on a constant currency basis, toughest comp of the year. Can you just talk about that marketplace generally speaking, and how things are evolving? As your lenses are getting more and more comfortable, are you seeing more clinicians comfortable prescribing torics, i.e., the market starting to expand? Because I think a lot of people are worried about DT1 toric coming out and really impacting you in the future. And what I'm trying to get to is, is there a lot of room for this market generally to expand even if you do have some competition in this space? You guys still being, I think, the best toric lens out there.
Al White: Yeah, the toric market is a great market. It is expanding. One of the things is, if you look at practitioners right, everybody wants to fit their patient and have their patient buy lenses from them. You don't want to fit them and have them turn around and walk out the door and just buy it online. Right. It's pretty easy to walk out the door and buy product online if you're fitting someone in the sphere. If you're fitting someone in a toric, it's much more challenging for that patient to turn around and walk out and buy that online, and be comfortable buying it online. A significant number of people have an astigmatism. So they need a toric. Now they don't have to have a toric, but as docs have become better and better at understanding that and looking for astigmatisms and fitting patients with really truly the correct lens, a lot of times, more often than be it fit right now, that correct lens is a toric lens. So, you're going to continue to see growth in torics. And as you're getting better at daily torics out there, you're going to see that growth. That's obviously premium price points and so forth. So in my mind, you're going to see many, many, many years in front of us here of toric growth now. I do think we have the best toric lenses out there and we certainly do well in that space, and I think our market share is still number one. But there is definitely space for other people as we move forward here and no question about that. That's a really, really strong part of the market. Maybe the strongest part of the market out there is daily silicone hydrogel torics.
Matthew O'Brien: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Pasquale with Guggenheim. You may proceed with your question.
Chris Pasquale: Thanks. Al, can you quantify at all how much you think MyDay capacity constraints have really held back the business? And I'm thinking in particular about how  what's happening with those customers. So, have you been pushing them into clariti? And so the opportunity, as you have more capacity, is really the price difference between those two lines. What's been happening with those patients?
Al White: Yes. A lot of those patients frankly are wearing older hydrogel lenses, so they're doing one or two things. They're either wearing a product like a Biofinity toric or someone else's monthly or two-week toric or they're wearing a daily toric like our Proclear or one of our competitor's daily toric. So, unfortunately there hasn't been a lot of options for them there. We're selling a lot of clariti toric right now. We just had another fantastic quarter with clariti toric. It's, I don't know, flying off the shelf is the right word, but it's doing really well and same with MyDay torics. So, I think, at the end of the day, you're not going to see MyDay toric cannibalizing clariti, that's for sure. I think it's more legacy hydrogel daily torics and FRP torics.
Chris Pasquale: Okay. That's helpful. And then on MiSight, what is the $2 million in U.S. sales assumed in terms of the number of patients who are actually going to be using the product by the time we get to the end of the year? Do you guys have a target for where you want to be in terms of users in October?
Al White: Yes. In order to hit the number of a couple million, you're many, many thousands of wearers, that's for sure. Because at the end of the day, you're selling  we'll be selling the product, we're selling a year's supply of the product, but we recognize the revenue on what gets shipped. A lot of those patients, because their eyesight is changing, we might be shipping them depending upon what the doc wants to do, say six months of the year's supply. So, we'll be recognizing six months worth of revenue on that. If you look at the price point, which is the kind of package sells  north of kind of a premium daily silicone hydrogel lens, you're just kind of back into the math, right, that it's going to cost or it's going to require us to get many thousands of patients. And I'm not quite sure what the guys are assuming, but it's got to be 5,000 or so as we're exiting the U.S.
Chris Pasquale: Thanks.
Al White: It's 5,000 as we exit the fiscal year in the U.S., right.
Chris Pasquale: All right. That's helpful. Thank you.
Al White: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch with Citi. You may proceed with your question.
Joanne Wuensch: Thank you very much, and nice to be talking with you. Just two questions. When you go to start training physicians up for the MiSight training, how do you explain the products to them and what kind of push back, if any, are you receiving? And then my second question has to do, I'm so sorry, with corona, which is, if my understanding is correct, your estimate does not include that it spreads anywhere outside of the Asia-Pac, specifically the China region. How do we think about other scenarios if there is something comparable where you had to adapt to a more regional or global potential slowdown? Thank you.
Al White: Yes. Sure. Yes. So we are assuming, to be clear, that the coronavirus continues to spread. I think that's definitely going to happen unfortunately. The question is the impact on our business. We're not assuming a big impact on our business as it spreads, right? Because if you look at like Japan, for an example, we're not seeing a big impact on our business in Japan from the coronavirus. So it's obviously there, its spreading through there, but it's not impacting our sales that much. So that's kind of what we're saying is, hey, as this spreads through the U.S. and other marketplace, it won't have that big of an impact on our actual sales. If you look at MiSight, the training is, I think it's about 3.5 hours of training right now, so it's done. It will be done by a professional that we have and then professionals at the universities who are there, making sure that the ECPs understand the clinical benefits and so forth, and the clinical trials and all the information behind it and why the lens worse, how it works, how to help them with any fitting questions or anything they may have. Generally speaking, the push back that we've received on this has been around kids. It's been around, hey, we're talking about eight year olds to 12 year olds, how do I get  not push back as much maybe, but is a question like how do I get parents comfortable. How do I get the parent comfortable that their eight-year-old can do this or with their nine-year-old or their 10-year-old can wear these lenses. And that's a matter of what we talked about, like working with them to help educate the parents and you bring the parent in and you work with them, you talk to them, you have someone in your staff depending upon the size of your practice, someone in your staff who specializes in talking to families and educating and in helping the children fit the lenses. What we've seen is that when kids actually put the lens in and do it a couple of times, they're good to go. Unlike older people who continue to seem to struggle and then drop out, the younger kids figure it out and then they're done and they move on. So it's more of that kind of stuff. We haven't had a lot of push back, so to speak, but certainly a number of questions. And by the way, welcome back, Joanne.
Joanne Wuensch: Thank you very much.
Al White: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan. You may proceed with your question.
Robbie Marcus: Thanks for the question. Maybe to start off, just two clarifying questions. One on coronavirus. I've caught maybe conflicting comments. I just want to make sure you are assuming that the revenues come back in the second half. Is that correct?
Al White: No. So, right now, were saying we will lose, so to speak, $15 million and those revenues will not come back is what is assumed in our guidance. I happen to personally believe that some of them will, but we'll see how that plays out. In terms of being  trying to be a little conservative on that, we assume those do not come back.
Robbie Marcus: Got it. And then, again, another great quarter with the tax rate well below expectations. You lowered 1% for the year. What is it that 2Q through 4Q wouldn't see a tax rate may be similar to first quarter or lower like last year? And then I'll just slip one more in. I might have missed it, but what was the FX impact in the quarter on sales and EPS and gross margin, if you have it? Thanks.
Al White: I'll let Brian  I'll let Brian take those. He hadn't had a chance to talk.
Brian Andrews: Hi, Robbie. Yes. So the tax rate came in a little bit lower than we expected. Our Q1 tax rate is always tends to be when we started off the year the lowest ETR because we issue equity grants in the first quarter, so that's always going to kind of take us down somewhere around 2% if you were to kind of straight line at the year. What also happened this quarter, we had a true up in the quarter that was generated from the provisions enacted by tax reform from fiscal 2019 that kind of flowed into this quarter. So, obviously, with tax planning, you've got estimates, you're truing those up and we just havent have a true up that brought us down a little bit more than we expected in Q1. So, when we look through the balance of the year with our tax rate going down by roughly 1% from our last guidance, I would expect the ETR to be somewhere in the neighborhood of 12.5% for Q2, Q3 and Q4, relatively flattish. Your next question is on FX. So keeping guidance FX rates the same, we have about a $10 million detriment to sales and roughly $0.04 positive to EPS.
Robbie Marcus: And that's for the quarter or for the year now?
Brian Andrews: For the year, for the quarter Q1 was about $2.8 million detriment to revenues and no impact to EPS.
Robbie Marcus: Great. Thanks for the question.
Al White: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research. You may proceed with your question.
Steve Willoughby: Hi, good evening. Thanks for taking my questions. I have a couple still actually. Just, I guess, Brian just a real quick follow-up there on that last comment. The negative $10 million to revenue and positive $0.04 to EPS from FX, that's relative to your previous guidance or what you're expecting for the full year overall?
Brian Andrews: That's relative to the rates we used on the last quarter's guidance. So when we gave you a rate for the euro of $1.10 on the euro, $1.29 for the pound and $1.09 for the yen, you basically have rates more or less on  you basically have the impact more or less unchanged. Does that answer your question?
Steve Willoughby: It does, yes. I guess just another kind of follow-up question. The $15 million impact from coronavirus being a headwind, what is the offset then to be able to keep your growth rates for the full year unchanged?
Brian Andrews: Yes. $15 million headwind in Q2 here and then I think what you get is ultimately kind of $5 million more made up in Q3 and $10 million in Q4 and that comes from higher MyDay sales because of the production improvement and from those fertility contracts that we won during the first quarter.
Steve Willoughby: Okay. Al, on the MyDay, is there any way to sort of quantify at all some of these realignment and improvements you're seeing in MyDay production? And just wondering if you  last quarter you mentioned you thought you would still be capacity constrained on MyDay as you ended this fiscal year. I was wondering if that was still the case?
Al White: Yes. I won't quantify them other than to say I'm kind of comfortable with the revenue growth we're talking about in the back half of the year. And as a matter of fact, if we can keep moving along at the pace we've been moving, we could have some upside to that. We'll be capacity constrained, I think, well into next year. Because until we get MyDay multifocal out in the marketplace, I would say we're capacity constrained at the end of the day. That's the thing that will allow us to  so I think that will probably be, Steve, sometime next year, but I think we'll have some headwinds. Having said that, we've got  we have enough product coming off right now that we're going to be able to put up some pretty good growth rates.
Steve Willoughby: Okay. If I could slip one last one in then, just on dailies. Dailies overall  I believe you said, dailies overall grew 5%, and I think you said daily silicone hydrogels grew 19%. The 5% overall daily growth, it was slower than it's been quite a while. So just wondering if you could give us any color on what's happening with the non-silicon hydrogel daily performance.
Al White: Yes. And a little apples and oranges there because the 5% is single-use sphere, so we're seeing a lot of our growth coming from those daily torics. So that number ends up getting put into that toric number. That's one of the things that throws it off just a little bit. But to your question and to your point, the legacy hydrogel business is continuing to decline. No question about that. I mean, We're continuing to feel pressure there on that as people convert over. That's one of the reasons I want to keep driving MiSight, because as Proclear declines, which it is, right, those lines are the exact same lines we used to make MiSight product on. So I'm kind of hopeful that as that declines, we see the growth in MyDay and clariti and then we throw MiSight over on those lines and we don't need to put any new capital or anything out there. Hey, by the way, Steve, one quick point on your question on currency just to be clear to everybody, and Brian might have these numbers, I don't on the top of my head. But we did use the same currency rate, so everything kind of stayed the same. But I'll tell you over the last few days here, currency has moved like in our favor. I almost never say that. You guys know. And at Cooper, it seems like I'm always talking about a headwind from currency, but currency has moved in our favor from those rates. We were using the same rates to make life easy and because at the time we were doing the work, they were more similar. But if the rates held where they are today, that would be an incremental positive for us. Do you have any idea on...
Brian Andrews: Yes. So, if we use current rates, today's rates, the revenues would be about $5 million better and the EPS would be about $0.07 better. So you're $0.04 would go to $0.11 on EPS and your detriment of $10 million goes to roughly a detriment of $5 million in revenues. We shouldn't go crazy on that because rates are moving around like crazy, everything is moving around like crazy, but just to be clear on that.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Steven Lichtman with Oppenheimer & Co. You may proceed with your question.
Steven Lichtman: Thank you. Hi guys. Just one left for me. On the PARAGARD DTC, can you update us on how much you anticipate that spend will be this year? And when do you expect to be able to evaluate whether the return is coming through for that investment?
Al White: Yes. Steve, I think that we're still in a position right now to say that year-over-year it will be about $5 million higher and kind of that sales and marketing spend for PARAGARD on a year-over-year basis. I think that as we end this year, we'll really be in that spot. The first year we hired a bunch of salespeople, we did ads on kind of all the TV stations, if you will, in the New York metro area, in Northern Cal. Now this year, we have a lot of those salespeople in place, we are doing the TV ads more on a cable basis. I think it's like 10 cities or 12 cities around. So we'll be able to look and see with some detail around, hey, where we most successful in the markets where we have salespeople, where we don't, how successful were we with the targeted marketing being on just cable versus being on national channels and so forth. So I think this is a really good and important year for us in terms of PARAGARD. Next year  no reason, next year shouldn't be a good PARAGARD year for us, and may be extra good dependent upon what we end up doing from an expense perspective. But I think it's this year it will give us those answers.
Steven Lichtman: Got it. Thanks, Al.
Al White: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm not showing any further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Al White, President and CEO for any further remarks.
Al White: Great. Thank you. Good questions and good discussion today, so thank you very much. Thank you for calling in and so forth. And we look forward to talking to you again on our next quarterly call here in a few months. That's it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-12-06 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2019 Cooper Companies, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to Kim Duncan, VP, Investor Relations and Administrations.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon, and welcome to The Cooper Companies Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. During today's call, we will discuss the results included in the earnings release, along with updated guidance and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Al White, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brian Andrews, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market or regulatory conditions, product launches and integration of any acquisition or their failure to achieve anticipated benefits. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward-Looking Statements in today's earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including Cooper's Form 10-K, all of which are available on our website at coopercos.com. Should you have any additional questions following the call, please call our investor line at 925-460-3663 or e-mail ir@coopercos.com. And I now turn the call over to Al for his opening remarks.
Al White: Thank you, Kim, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to our fiscal fourth quarter 2019 conference call. We closed the year on a high note with a strong Q4, driving record full year revenue and earnings. Both our businesses posted 7% pro forma growth for Q4 and each reached record full year revenues, with CooperVision up 7% and CooperSurgical up 6% for the year. This was a very successful year, and we're well positioned to continue producing strong results moving forward. For the quarter, consolidated revenues were $692 million, with CooperVision reporting revenues of $510 million, up 6% or up 7% pro forma and CooperSurgical posting revenue of $182 million, up 7% as reported and pro forma. Non-GAAP earnings per share grew 15% year-over-year to $3.30. Beginning with CooperVision, the results were impressive given the challenging 10% comp from last year's fourth quarter. On a pro forma basis, the Americas grew 6%, led by our daily silicone hydrogel franchises where we continue to provide the broadest offering in the market with MyDay available in a sphere and toric and clariti in a sphere, toric and multifocal. Of note was the performance we saw with clariti, where we posted solid growth across the product family. EMEA grew 5%, driven by daily and FRP results with strength seen in several of our key accounts. Asia Pac posted a strong growth of 11% against a tough 19% comp with strength seen drop the product portfolio and across the region. There was some buying activity in Japan prior to the VAT increase, which went into effect October 1, but this was largely in line with our guidance. All three regions were led by our daily silicone hydrogel portfolio, which grew 18%. Within this, it's important to note, we did see some negative impact from MyDay's supply constraints, and this will also impact Q1, which I'll discuss later in guidance. We saw a nice performance in our silicon FRP franchises, led by Biofinity, Energys and multifocals and Avaira Vitality, spheres and torics, leading a combined growth of 8% for these two product families. Moving outside of brands. Torics grew 6% and multifocals revalued nicely, growing 10% led by clariti and Biofinity. So in summary, this was a solid quarter with strength seen throughout the portfolio and geographically. Moving to CooperVision's infrastructure investments. This past year was extremely active as we opened new distribution centers in Spain, Budapest and South Africa, significantly expanded our distribution center in Belgium, added a new packaging facility in the U.K., began construction on doubling our Costa Rica manufacturing facility and expanded our manufacturing operations in Puerto Rico and the U.K. For fiscal 2020, our focus is on expanding our daily silicone hydrogel manufacturing and supporting MiSight, our innovative myopia management contact lens. We received FDA approval on MiSight earlier than expected, so we've accelerated our targeted U.S. launch plans to March, including hiring several marketing specialists, starting education on marketing programs and finalizing packaging and labeling to meet FDA requirements. I'm happy to report that early interest has been phenomenal for both consumers and optometrists, who are now becoming more aware of the clinical benefits of MiSight and why this treatment should be standard of care for young patients with myopia. From an investment perspective, we spent around $10 million in fiscal 2019 developing, launching and selling MiSight around the world. This activity helped generate $4.2 million in sales, up over 100% year-over-year. For this fiscal year, we're targeting investing around $25 million as we accelerate our U.S. launch, expand geographically, continued clinical activity, increase regulatory work and increase sales, marketing and educational support. We're forecasting roughly $10 million in sales for fiscal 2020, with the U.S. being around $2 million of that. Moving forward, we expect that to more than double to around $25 million in fiscal 2021 and then double to around $50 million in fiscal 2022. Lastly, on MiSight, a few comments on myopia, and why we're so excited about this product. It's currently estimated that roughly one-third of the world's population is myopic, and this will increase to 50% in 2050. Anyone who has ever needed visual correction due to nearsightedness knows the challenges of myopia and that -- let myopia can significantly improve one's quality of life. And most importantly, for us, parents who have myopic children, who are educated on the benefits of MiSight, want to provide this life-altering treatment to their kids. This is the reason we've already seen over 13,000 kids around the world use MiSight. Given myopia's link to severe eye conditions in later life, such as glaucoma, cataracts and retinal detachment, we have good reason to get excited about having the first FDA-approved product to proactively address this epidemic. And remember, even children with mild prescriptions have a higher risk of serious eye health problems later in life. And by the way, all this is also largely the reason there's a growing global $100 million ortho-k market where we're an active participant. Outside of MiSight, our investment activity is largely focused on expanding our daily silicone hydrogel manufacturing base. The demand for clariti remains robust and the demand for MyDay is extremely strong and accelerating. We've recently realigned significant resources to accelerate start-up efforts on new lines, and this is going really well with the main detriment being it reduces our ability to tackle cost reduction projects in the near term. Regardless, getting these lines operational as soon as possible is imperative to capitalizing on the growth opportunities we're seeing, and we can focus on cost containment projects at a later date. I believe these investments position us well for this fiscal year, and they certainly position us extremely well for fiscal 2021. Before concluding on CooperVision, let me remind everyone of the multiple growth drivers that underlie the $8.9 billion contact lens industry. In addition to the increasing incidence of myopia mentioned earlier, there's geographic expansion, growth in torics and multifocals and the continuing trade up from FRPs to dailies, and specifically, today -- to dailies silicone hydrogels. Within dailies, this powerful double trade up last a long time as we estimate only 25% to 30% of wearers are dailies today and only 42% of those are in silicon hydrogel dailies. All this continues to support market growth in the upper part of the 4% to 6% range for many years to come. And finally, I'm once again happy to report our New Fit Data was very strong this quarter, especially with respect to silicone hydrogel dailies fits. So this bodes well for our performance moving forward. Moving to CooperSurgical. We reported revenue of $182 million, up 7%, with fertility growing a healthy 12% and office and surgical up 4% of pro forma. Fertility growth was led by our device portfolio, which includes consumable products like IVF media and our market-leading Wallace Embryo needles and transfer catheters. The team executed exceptionally well to finish the year with a focus on key accounts and cross-selling our market-leading portfolio of products. For the full year, fertility posted growth of 8%, and we expect continued strong growth as the fertility market has fantastic global growth trends. Within office and surgical, growth was driven by EndoSee, which was up 67%, as our second-generation device is showing very strong performance and PARAGARD, which grew 5% against a difficult 20% comp. PARAGARD was driven by solid unit demand, along with buying activity in advance of an upper single-digit price increase we implemented effective September 30. On a full year basis, PARAGARD grew 6%, and we continue to believe we'll see mid-single-digit growth for many years to come, supported somewhat evenly by unit growth and price. On pricing, remember that increases rolling over three years, due to buying activity, contractual arrangements and public market purchases, such as Medicaid. Outside of sales, I'm happy to report that we made significant progress on our expansion activities. Our Costa Rica project is proceeding well with several products transferred and in production, several other product transfers in progress and construction to triple the size of the facility running on schedule. We're well on our way to having a state-of-the-art manufacturing facility that will include, what we believe, will be most technologically advanced fertility manufacturing operation in the world. We also expanded our headquarters in Connecticut this year to support our growth, added a new distribution center in Europe and completed the consolidation of 16 genetic testing labs down to 3. For this upcoming year, our investments will be focused on similar activity, including PARAGARD, where we recently added 10 new sales reps, and we will be continuing our marketing and advertising activity. We targeted television, print and social media campaigns, along with educational activity with precision. Additional investment activity will be focused on growing our fertility business, as we expand our international and key account operations within our medical device business, where we started expanding our international management team. In addition, we'll finish construction of our Costa Rica facility, which is a key part of our long-term strategy to upgrade manufacturing, improve logistics, reduce costs and improve efficiency. Moving to guidance, we're expecting a strong year, but MyDay constraints will continue to impact us. We'll see this impact in EMEA to some degree, but more so in our Asia Pac business, as we don't have clarity in Japan yet, so don't have an alternative option to present customers. Asia Pac also needs to hurdle some of the Japan-backed buy-in, so we're forecasting low single-digit growth for that region in Q1 before a return to double-digit growth in Q2. Regarding MyDay, the good news is demand is continuing to accelerate. We're increasing output every month, as our existing lines become efficient, and we're adding additional lines. So we expect improvement as we exit Q1. For CooperSurgical, we're expecting something similar to CooperVision, where we're forecasting Q1 being our softest quarter of the year due to buying activity associated with the PARAGARD price increase, which we just completed in Q4. With that, let me say this is a really exciting time for Cooper. Not only are we excited about MiSight and the demand we're seeing for our products within CooperVision and CooperSurgical, but we're also continuing to make fantastic strides with our ESG and corporate responsibility efforts. This includes increasing support of our local communities, continual focus on improving the sustainability of our operations and expanding our philanthropic efforts. As an example, we are a long-standing sponsor of Optometry Giving Sight, a world-class charity which supports adults and children by providing vision care in underserved communities around the world. Since initiating our partnership, we have surpassed $1.1 million in cumulative funds raised by employees, including corporate matching dollars. We also have a program allowing our customers to donate all or part of their contact lens rebates, which has resulted in more than $800,000 in donations. This is an important part of our culture and something I'm proud to say, is part of Cooper. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Andrews: Thank you, Al, and good afternoon, everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to today's earnings release for a full recondition of GAAP to non-GAAP results. Outcome in revenues, so let me move to the rest of the P&L. Consolidated gross margins for the quarter improved 50 basis points to 67% from 66.5% last year. CooperVision's gross margin was up a solid 130 basis points year-over-year to 65.4% from 64.1%. The improvement was largely due to currency and product mix, with the only real negative being higher-than-expected write-offs of legacy hydrogel products. CooperSurgical's gross margin decreased to 71.6% from 73.1% last year, primarily due to inefficiencies from clearing back orders generated largely from our global consolidation activity to Costa Rica. On the flip side, we made a lot of progress with this work and expect only minimal disruption in Q1 and an improvement as we move through the remainder of the year. Moving forward, OpEx is tightly managed and grew only 3%. The OpEx control, combined with gross margin expansion, resulted in consolidated operating margins increasing 180 basis points to 28.5% from 26.7% last year. Interest expense was $13.8 million, driven by lower average debt balances and lower interest rates. In other expense, we posted a $3.3 million noncash FX loss, primarily tied to the re-measurement of nonfunctional intercompany trade balances, particularly those tied to the pound, which made a significant move this past quarter. With a lot of our internal restructuring activity mostly completed, we've reduced the considerable amount of FX exposure, which should help to reduce FX gains and losses moving forward. The effective tax rate was lower-than-anticipated at 18%, largely due to our remeasurement of certain day income attributes and audit settlements. Non-GAAP EPS for the quarter grew 15.2% to $3.30 with roughly 50 million average shares outstanding. Free cash flow was $115 million comprised of $200 million of free -- of operating cash flow, offset by $85 million of CapEx. In the quarter, we bought back $150 million in stock, which equated to roughly 512,000 shares at an average price of $292 per share. This increased net debt by $37 million to $1.74 billion and our adjusted leverage ratio moved slightly higher to 1.85x. Regarding the full year fiscal 2019 results. Consolidated revenues were $2.654 billion, up 5% or 7% pro forma, CooperVision revenues were $1.973 billion, up 5% or 7% pro forma and CooperSurgical's revenues were $680.5 million, up 5% or 6% pro forma. Non-GAAP EPS was $12.35, up 7%, and free cash flow was $421 million. Lastly, on fiscal 2019, the FX impact to revenue and EPS for the year was negative $62.6 million and negative $0.62, respectively, and the impact to Q4 was a negative $8 million to revenue and negative $0.05 to EPS. Moving to fiscal 2020, we're introducing consolidated revenue guidance of $2.767 billion to $2.817 billion, which is comprised of $2.07 billion to $2.1 billion income provision, approximately 5.5% to 7% in constant currency, and $697 million to $717 million in CooperSurgical, up 3% to 6% in constant currency. We expect consolidated gross margins to be up slightly, with CooperVision expected to be roughly flat due to the deferment of cost reduction projects to ramp up MyDay production faster. Gross margins at CooperSurgical are expected to improve due to the increased Costa Rica manufacturing and PARAGARD. Consolidated operating margins are expected to improve slightly, even including the incremental MiSight investments and higher pension costs of roughly $4 million, primarily due to a much lower discount rate tied to lower interest rates. As a side note, remember we announced last quarter that we implemented a soft freeze on our pension. So we expect the pension costs to reduce over time. Interest expense is forecasted to be in the low $40 million range, and that assumes all cash flow goes to reducing debt and not share buybacks. Our effective tax rate is forecasted to be around 13%. And this does not include any assumption for excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation associated with exercising the stock options. Non-GAAP earnings per share is expected to be between $12.60, and $13 based on approximately 50 million shares outstanding. EPS growth is expected to be roughly 11% to 14% in constant currency when excluding the MiSight investments and impact of the tax increase. With this -- within this, we're forecasting the year-over-year currency impact to be a negative $11 million to revenues and a positive $0.06 to EPS. All this assumes roughly current FX rates with our three primary currencies being 1.10 for the euro, 1.29 for the pound and 109 for the Yen. Free cash flow is expected to be around $425 million, with CapEx remaining elevated around $325 million due to the build-out of our dailies silicon hydrogel production capacity. Note, this guidance does not include the reinstatement of the medical device excise tax that we're assuming will be suspended again. Lastly, on guidance, we're guiding Q1 consolidated revenues to $638 million to $653 million, with CooperVision at $480 million to $490 million or 3% to 5% constant-currency growth and CooperSurgical at $158 million to $163 million or flat to 4% constant-currency growth. Q1 non-GAAP EPS is expected to be between $2.65 and $2.75. And with that, I'll hand it back to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line Jeff Johnson with Baird.
Jason Bednar: This is Jason on for Jeff. Al and Brian, I just want to start on CVI guidance. I appreciate all the color there on the MyDay capacity constraints that seem to be reflected here in the F Q1 guide. And maybe some pull forward that's impacting here from just the VAT tax. But is there anything you'd point to with respect to maybe competitive forces or anything else that are impacting the F Q1 guide and maybe the F Q2 to roughly implied guide for CVI growth?
Al White: No, I wouldn't say anything from a competitive perspective. If you look at the guide for CooperVision for Q2 to Q4, it's around that kind of 7% range. And we did 7% this year and 7% the year before. So I think that's kind of like the true run rates that we're running. This is really truly more around capacity constraints on MyDay and some shifts we made with respect to MyDay that's impacting us. And then a little bit of the VAT situation in Japan.
Jason Bednar: Okay. And then maybe shifting over to MiSight briefly. That was helpful. I mean how to think about maybe the cost and fixed cost infrastructure here as we think about MiSight and as we look beyond fiscal '20? I know you gave some of those spending numbers for fiscal '20 in the guide, but just as you think about the revenue guide for '21 and '22, I mean, is '21 when we start getting a little bit of leverage and some of that spending levels out or maybe how to think about that?
Al White: Yes, I really think it's going to end up depending upon the success of the product and what countries we get additional approval in. There's some massive opportunities out there. China has just a gargantuan opportunity that we don't have approval in right now. Japan is another market that would be a fantastic opportunity for growth, once we get approval there, ultimately. So I think it will depend how well the market develops, how well we're doing in terms of how much more we invest. And to be honest with you, I mean, I hope that the investing stays pretty high for quite a while because I'm pretty excited about the product. I think it's going to do really, really, really well. So if it does, and it goes in that direction, then we'll invest in it again pretty heavily next fiscal year. You're naturally going to get a lot of leverage at some point, though. Because you have good gross margins on that product. It's Proclear product so you start with good solid gross margins right off the bat. Everything else is investment dollars. That's all the educational activity. A lot of that is regulatory work, clinical work and so forth. So you give it couple of years, no matter what you're going to get pretty significant levers. It will just be a question of when that is.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo.
Larry Biegelsen: One on the CVI Q1 guidance and one on MiSight, Al. So just on the Q1 CVI guidance. Could you quantify the benefit from the Japan buying in Q4 and the impact you're assuming in Q1 from that rolling off if you will? And the MyDay supply constraint impact in Q4 -- in Q1? Could you quantify those for us, please?
Al White: Yes, the volume was somewhere around $4 million in Japan. So that, on a percentage basis obviously, would have affected Asia Pac a little bit more 11% to 7% or 11% to 8%, somewhere in that kind of percent growth and a little bit less than 1% impact on the overall business. But -- and then we have to hurdle that, obviously, in Q1. If you look at the MyDay constraint, that's -- everything else besides that is really my MyDay's constraint, Larry. You can kind of plug it in the number. But everything is related to MyDay. The rest of the business is pretty strong. Clariti is looking like it's continuing to go strong. Biofinity's strong, Avaira Vitality is finally growing. Everything else is in pretty good shape. And just to give you a little bit more color on MyDay and what's happening is we are in a good spot from a manufacturing perspective, and we're increasing production on all our existing lines, as I mentioned. I feel good about our ability to get right back in shape by Q2. We had another line come on last week. So we have other lines coming. We're in pretty good shape. We have good visibility on that. Where we ran into a little bit of a problem there was associated with MyDay toric. As demand really was accelerating, we really saw a lot of the strain coming from the MyDay toric. And once we started change in production there and producing more of that product and increasing inventory that we had, that kind of what has created the short-term constraint that we're dealing with. So we had to look at that and say, okay, what can we do, right? And you pull back on fitting sets a little bit and trial lenses a little bit; you raise price a little bit. You do the things you can do, knowing that you're going to solve your capacity problem and really get back in the market in a big way in the near future. So there was a lot of push/pull. The way we ended up doing it to have the least impact on our customers, was to do it this way and build an inventory, expand our store -- toric range and so forth and kind of level set ourselves after this one quarter.
Larry Biegelsen: That's very helpful. And now on MiSight. Congratulations on the approval there. Can you talk about -- a little bit more about the commercialization plan there? It sounds like you're going to certify optometrists, and if the -- your -- if the demand is so strong or the enthusiasm is so high, as you mentioned, why only $2 million in U.S. sales in fiscal 2020?
Al White: Yes. I'm probably being a little conservative on that $2 million number. At the end of the day, if we launch in March, and we're out there, we're doing training and educational activity as a treatment. Keep in mind we are doing this as a treatment, which means working with the doctor, working with families to sell them this product for their kids as a full year treatment. They need to understand at the end of the day, this is a multi-year commitment to get the best bang for the buck. So as we go through that process, it worked with dollar -- work with doctors and get the product out in the marketplace, I think you'll see a fairly quick ramp. And that's kind of where we -- $2 million going to $9 million and accelerating off that. The question is just going to be solely a matter of how fast does it gain traction. When we kind of looked at the market in Canada, and how we started in Canada and how fast we've accelerated, the initial start was a little slower when you took into consideration all the training, all the educational activity and everything else that needed to be done. Now Canada was a little different. We launched that off our strong 3-year clinical data. This is off FDA approval. And there's been a lot more consumer activity associated with it. So we'll see, I mean, I'm optimistic that it will go a little bit faster than that. I think -- but for now, it's probably kind of prudent to say $2 million is a fair number for the partial year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Larry Keusch with Raymond James.
Larry Keusch: Al, I just want to start on MiSight. You said something that was important here. With the FDA clearance, you really can now position this differently than traditional contact lens, given the data. I know that pricing has varied around the world. And Canada, for example, is fairly low. So how should we think about where you're thinking about pricing on an annual basis for this product with that FDA clearance behind it?
Al White: Yes, it's a good question, Larry. I mean we are working on cleaning that up around the world right now. That's part of the internal project, is to ensure we standardize the price. Obviously, this is not the kind of product that's going to go out with a bunch of rebates and discounts and all that other kind of activity. But it's a little challenging to answer because, at the end of the day, the pricing that you're going to see will largely be dictated between the optometrists and the patient. And it will be what the optometrist wants to see. So let's say that a family goes in and they decide to put their child into MiSight and the optometrist is saying, hey, I'd like to see you every 30 days. I'd like to have you back in here just to check to make everything is working, everything is okay. This is a true treatment, right? That could be a little bit more of an extensive process than you see in certain spots around the world right now, where a lot of times this is sold as more of a contact lens than it is a treatment. So long story short, I guess my answer to you on that one is this probably is going to result in a very profitable product for us at the end of the day, but TBD on where it sells out in terms of how optometrists handle this with the patients themselves.
Larry Keusch: Okay. But at a minimum, we should probably think of this as at least, pricing for -- or above a premium silicone daily, correct?
Al White: Yes, I would think of it that way.
Larry Keusch: Yes. Okay, perfect. And then the second question really is just more of a longer-term question. You laid out '21 and '22 objectives from MiSight revenues. So those imply a little over 100 basis points and 200 basis points of growth here. I know you guys are investing a lot, you're really trying to drive a durable growth engine here. Is the right way to think about MiSight as sort of incremental to growth, and we'd really be looking at a franchise as growing 7%, 8%? Or is the right way to really think about CVI over the next several years is there's a lot of certainty around 6% plus when you include MiSight and MyDay capacity coming on? I'm just trying to really think about what the right way to calibrate the long-term growth.
Al White: Yes, Larry, we've positioned this more as the higher end of what you're talking about. So when you look at the distribution center expansion, the build-outs, everything else we're doing, has been to put us in a position to accommodate all the growth that's coming in. You'll get leverage associated with that. When you look at the significant CapEx, I mean, we're $80 million of CapEx this quarter. We're talking about the highest CapEx we've had as a company this coming year, that's all to drive capacity expansion in the dailies silicone hydrogel side of things. So I look at us being able to grow in that 7% kind of range that we've been running and tacking MiSight on top of that. That is not out of the question when we look at the outer years. It's just a matter of getting there. I mean, so that's what we're positioning ourselves as to say, do I feel good about it if the market holds as is, similar conditions, 6% higher? Absolutely. Do I think we have a chance to put a -- some stronger numbers like you're talking about? Yes, yes, I do.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Petrone with Jefferies.
Anthony Petrone: Maybe a couple on MiSight and one, actually, on PARAGARD. Just to go back to MiSight, I'm kind of just -- when you look at that target market, myopia progression in pediatrics, is there sort of a number that you're thinking about in terms of a TAM, just trying to size that opportunity. It strikes me that possibly not all myopias within that age category are candidates. I'm just -- maybe just to fine-tune the actual target market you're going after there. And then in terms of the $25 million and $50 million guidance for 2020 and 2021, how much of that actually is U.S?
Al White: Well, I'll take that one. So I think if you look at the U.S., you're kind of talking about $2 million, right? We're talking about this year, and we've got forecast around $9 million. And then we kind of look at the OUS doubling on the existing platform, you would kind of look at the U.S. being in that same vein, right? So you kind of get a double in the U.S. up to $18 million, $20 million, something like that, and the rest of the world doubling again also. Upside from that would probably come more than anything from the U.S. market, where I think that we could actually get better uptake than that, more than double as we -- the $2 million to $9 million doesn't necessarily just stop at $18 million, is what I'm saying. And then also other markets. I mentioned China and Japan. There's a number of other markets right now we're waiting regulatory approval on. The FDA approval will help get us approval on those markets. So I think that provides a little upset on that side. When you look at the addressable market, I happen to think it's going to be very, very large. I mean, any child in that age group that has myopia, is a candidate for MiSight. Now as we know, a lot of kids don't go to the optometrist. They don't even say anything so it goes untreated until the point where they're finally complaining that -- to their mom or dad that they can't see the blackboard or there're having issues seeing and they finally get taken to the optometrist. But at the end of the day, any child in that age group is there. And I'll tell you, one of the things that I'm excited about is some of these guys on the spectacles side. I mean, other people come in. That is a positive for us. So I'd be excited to have Luxe, Essilor or someone else come out and start educating the market on this epidemic that is myopia, and how important it is for us to be proactive and get in front of it. And ultimately, if you start moving more in that direction and you're getting spectacles there and spectacles are working and we're all together kind of in one pushing this and you get insurance reimbursement, well then watch out. And then the market will really explode. So I have -- I mean, multiple, multiple billions of dollars market in my mind, no question.
Anthony Petrone: Very helpful. And just quick on PARAGARD, I know you took some TV ads down. I'm just wondering what the update is on PARAGARD DTC and TV ads specifically?
Al White: Yes. So the TV ads worked really well. They're expensive, but they work really well. We did them in Northern Cal and the New York Metro area. So what we're looking to do in this year is to take that in a little different angle and put it in a number of markets around the U.S., smaller market, but spread much more broadly. And we'll kick that off here in the not-too-distant future. So I think what you kind of saw was the first year, big investments, we hired a lot of salespeople, we did a lot of print and social media and the TV advertising in a couple of big markets. We learned a ton. This coming year, we're back at it again. We're going to do the TV advertising a little different, a little bit more fine-tuned on some of the other stuff. But I'll tell you, at the end of the day, I mean we're investing in PARAGARD. We're probably going to spend $5 million more in sales and marketing this year than we did last year. So this is another pretty heavy investment year in PARAGARD. I do think we'll start seeing some much better leverage on that in fiscal 2021. But we are taking another year here to understand the market and make sure we capitalize on it. We're talking a very high gross margin product. And if we can be getting mid-single-digit growth, like it looks like we're going to be able to for a number of years in front of us, then it is a product we definitely want to invest in.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Mishan with KeyBanc.
Matthew Mishan: Al, are you bringing on enough capacity to meet increased demand in FY '21? Or is this going to be a persistent ceiling for growth?
Al White: I think -- we're bringing a lot on. So let me say that, first of all. I mean, it will support very solid growth for a couple of years. But in reality, if the market continues to shift like I think it's going to shift and give you a couple of numbers on that. About 53%, 54% of the market is dailies. That's going to go, in my mind, probably 2/3 of the market, will be dailies. If you look at dailies silicones, that's like 42%, 43% of the market right now, that's going to go up to like 84%, 83% kind of where FRPs are. You look at that. That trade up, in that conversion over to dailies, is several billion dollars of incremental sales. It's probably -- when I did the math, it was about $2.5 billion to $3 billion of incremental revenue to the contact lens industry. If that's the case, you are going to see, not rising tide lift all boats, but it will definitely include us. I don't think you get like the massive years that we're seeing now in terms of CapEx because I think it will naturally level off a little bit, but you'll continue to see us put CapEx there if that market moves like I think it's going to move. \
Matthew Mishan: Okay. And I know you can't win every contract, but there were a couple of private label or key account wins from competitors in Asia in the quarter. Given you've seen capacity strain, are you able to onboard, like new customers at a level you were like a year or two ago?
Al White: Short answer is no. We are not. Q4 would have been stronger if we were able to do the things that we could have done, so to speak. You know what I mean? But based on the contracts and the opportunities that we could have executed on those like we wanted to, Q4 would have been a better quarter. We -- still a great quarter, so I don't want to downplay it by any means, but it would have been better, I think we'll be much, much better positioned to take advantage of those opportunities in Q2 and going forward. So right now, a couple of things are a little on hold. One of the things I'm really happy about it as well as MyDay has done and it gets all this attention around the world, and we're seeing all that accelerated growth. We shouldn't lose sight of clariti. It's a great product, it's doing really well. Clariti's work, in particular, is a really good product that's doing well. So we're seeing some nice sales there, and I'm happy about that. So we'll see as these private label contracts, all that stuff grows, and you look and say, are there more opportunities for clariti within there or MyDay and so forth. So we're kind of pushing and pulling on that one, right? But I do think that we're a little muted in our results right now, but you'll see that pretty up here as we move Q2 and going forward in the year.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Matthew O'Brien with Piper Jaffray.
Matthew OBrien: Just, Al, I think what everybody is a little bit nervous about is just the competitive dynamic surrounding the mass high product that you have and a bigger competitor coming out. But you're talking about some pretty robust numbers of growth in CVI over the next couple of years, a lot of investments in new products. So I know you don't want to wave off the competitive threat, but how should investors think about the potential impact and how that -- how you can kind of navigate around those launches, both on the sphere side and torics side next year?
Al White: Yes. Well, unless J&J is coming out with something I don't know, there's not a competitor that's bigger than us. So there could be other competitors coming out with product, but they're not bigger than we are. And that's fine. As I was just talking about, when you look at the conversion that we're seeing from FRPs over to dailies and dailies to dailies silicone, there's clearly opportunities for other products to come into the market. So whether that's a competitor or a direct competitor here, or whether it's an Asia Pac competitor coming into the market, there's a lot of opportunities for people to get into this market and be a participant in that growth. We're a little unique in our positioning in that we do have great branded products. We do have a great customized solution with great geographic presence and so forth. So when I kind of look at that, I say, yes, competition is always there. It's always part of what we live with. When you look at the -- our main competitors, they are coming out with new products, but we're coming out with new products also. We're expanding parameter ranges. We'll be launching new products this year. We'll be launching some new products here. We have some really exciting stuff going on. So at the end of the day, I'd say, is there competitive activity? Absolutely. Are we in front of that competitive activity? There no question. Clariti itself is a sphere, toric and multifocal. MyDay is a sphere and a fantastic toric out in the market. So I'm really happy with our competitive positioning. There's always going to be something that's out there. But this marketplace is big enough and it's growing fast enough, that there's opportunities for a number of people to put up really nice strong numbers.
Matthew OBrien: Okay. And then there's a follow-up, and I know this is looking out of ways, and I'm sorry to get too far ahead, but just any thoughts on timing for Japan? And then you mentioned reimbursement for myopia control. That seems like a lot of heavy lifting, but how do you go about getting reimbursement for MiSight?
Al White: Yes. On Japan and the other markets, some of those markets can get help considerably by the FDA approval. So they don't necessarily use the FDA approval, but they'll take it into consideration. So I don't want to speculate on that yet, but I'm kind of -- I would say, kind of looking at within two years for a number of those markets, Japan, China and so forth, hopefully, earlier, but they could be a couple of years. So we'll see how that plays out. The FDA approval just came through pretty recently here for us. We're doing a lot of work on that, spending pretty good money on the regulatory side right now and additional clinical work and so forth to make sure we're checking the box to get all the approvals that we need. If you look at the insurance reimbursement, that's a tough line, and that's probably multiple years out. That's why I kind of put that in the same vein as talking about spectacle myopia management lenses coming into the marketplace. As the market gets bigger, as insurance agencies and so forth and ophthalmic -- ophthalmic organizations and so forth, realize the value and the benefit of this product, and that it's a treatment of an epidemic, and it's something that can now be proactively addressed. I don't know why people would not get behind it, but I think it will take a little bit of time. One contact lenses coming to the market will do fantastic. But in order to really drive this market and get it going you'd like to see some other players in there. And that will be the thing that ends up ultimately really help in driving us to get to the point of insurance reimbursement.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jon Block with Stifel.
Jon Block: Two for me. I guess, first on PARAGARD. You mentioned you took price in the volume. I don't know if you can quantify the amount of the buy-in. If so, that would be helpful. And then what is the price increase, Al, that we should be thinking about? And is it all of fiscal '20 or their contracts, or is it more phase in, call it, over fiscal '20 and '21? And then I just got a follow-up.
Al White: Yes. So the price increase was around 9%. The way that will kind of flow through the P&L because of a number of different dynamics, is kind of like -- think of it almost as like one-third over the next couple of years. So when I think about PARAGARD's growth, I'd say, there's been underlying at a 3% from price. And then we've been running in that kind of 3% unit growth range. So if you combine those two you get about 6%. The IUD market itself, from a unit perspective, is growing 2% to 3%. And then price, it's a little hard to tell when you look at some of the hormonal options out there, but probably similar. So we're growing kind of a little bit faster than the IUD market overall. But that's kind of how to think about price, the easier question. When you look at the PARAGARD -- yes, when you look at PARAGARD's buying activities, that's always a little challenging to get in terms of like defining, okay, exactly how much was buying activity versus normal activity and so forth. I would have said that we were probably looking at a quarter where I thought Q4, we would have declined. So maybe there was $5 million or something of buying activity between the Q1 going into -- Q4 going into Q1. It makes Q1 a hard quarter to grow on. When you look at last year, it was a decent Q1 also, but somewhere in that kind of range.
Jon Block: Okay, got it. Very helpful. And then just to shift gears. In those out-year MiSight numbers you referenced, I'm just curious, are those because of -- I mean, they're certainly very impressive. But is it because of a cap, arguably, from a manufacturing perspective? I guess, what I'm trying to go with this is if MiSight were to really begin to inflect, call it, 18 months from now and some out of China and/or Japan came on board, would you guys be able to take advantage of that and fill demand? Or were you alluding to some of those numbers Al, because of potential constraints from a manufacturing standpoint?
Al White: Yes. One of the exciting things about MiSight is that it is a Proclear lens. So we have capacity to be able to produce that lens. And what makes it probably extra nice is as we see the entire market shifting in silicone hydrogel lenses from our older traditional hydrogel lenses, that's what's constant pressure on us. Brian kind of touched on it a little bit with some of our products in that space. So we're getting increasing capacity within our Proclear lines as everyone shifts over to silicone hydrogel. That's fantastic because we can allocate that new capacity to MiSight. So if we do get a situation where some of those markets come on faster, we'll be able to meet that demand. We're in good shape from a production perspective on MiSight.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Chris Cooley with Stephens.
Chris Cooley: Just a couple from me, Al, if I may. Just thinking about the incremental spend from the investments in fiscal '20, you -- appreciate you called out about $25 million there, obviously, with MiSight, so about $0.40 to $0.45, depending upon the tax rate. And then an incremental $5 million in investment on the incremental PARAGARD spend. Are those the only two one-time items there or was there additional -- I apologize, I came on the call a bit late, additional investment in fiscal '20, to be somewhat of a unique or one-time in nature? Then I have just a quick follow-up.
Al White: Those are the two clear ones to point out, no question. I mean, we're doing some expansion activity within vision geographically and within the marketing side, where we're hiring some more salespeople and so forth. Same thing within CooperSurgical, within CooperSurgical, as an example, we do most of our international business through distributors. We're really excited that we just hired a really talented individual to come on and lead our international medical device efforts there. So I think we have some pretty good opportunity to drive better growth internationally on our core CooperSurgical medical device products. So there's some of that kind of activity. But I would call that kind of more normal activity, if you will, normal growth activity. The two that stand out, certainly, are MiSight, no question, and then PARAGARD is on the grid.
Chris Cooley: Understood. I appreciate that color. And then just lastly for me. How to say this, but any commentary that you would say just regarding competitor -- recent competitive launches in the dailies marketplace at the SiHy space? Just broadly, if it's pricing, where you expect, if the adoption curves are ramping up? I'm just curious if there's any change in your views on how some of the newer silicone hydrogel dailies are -- or will be adopted here in the U.S.?
Al White: No real change there. I haven't seen anything recently that would change my mind about the marketplace or our positioning in terms of any new products that are entering the market.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Pasquale with Guggenheim.
Chris Pasquale: One quick one on the device tax and one on surgical. So the device tax only hits a portion of the business. Do you have an estimate for -- if that suspension is not extended, what the likely impact would be? And is there a contingency plan in place to offset that or would you just let that drop through to earnings?
Brian Andrews: Yes, I'll take that, Chris. If the excise tax were to be reinstituted in January, we expect an impact to SG&A of roughly $5 million to $5.5 million in total. CooperVision's products are exempt from that tax. And only the sale of U.S. products sold by CooperSurgical, excluding PARAGARD, are included in that tax. So if that were to happen, it would be something we hurdle, try to hurdle just like tariffs and any of those other -- anything like that.
Chris Pasquale: Okay, that's helpful. And then, Al, just on CooperSurgical and the growth forecast for 2020. I mean, it seems like the fertility business and the core office business are both exiting the year here with pretty good momentum. You're coming off a year where you grew 5%, 5.5% or so. Why shouldn't growth stay at more of that mid-single-digit level? Why 3% to 6% as we look at 2020?
Al White: Yes. I think that surgical is similar to vision, is kind of the way we finished the year here, is the way that both the businesses are operating right now. I think you'll see them operating more along those lines in Q2, Q3 and Q4 going forward. I think it's a Q1 thing with respect to PARAGARD at the end of the day. So I think fertilities to do fine and so forth. I think it's just a matter of how the PARAGARD do. We kind of get the ups and downs there with channel inventory more than would be ideal with PARAGARD. So depending on how that does, I think we end up with a softer Q1, but then you're right back to normal. I would not read anything negative into the guidance in terms of saying that, hey, there's a fundamental issue or anything else because there's not. This is just a matter of Q1 impacting the full year. Once we get past Q1, we'll be back in pretty good shape.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan.
Robbie Marcus: I was wondering, after a year of investing in these key accounts throughout 2019, how can you measure the success here? And any kind of qualitative or quantitative benefits or impacts you could pass on?
Al White: Yes. Well, our key accounts are growing faster than our overall business. That's probably the easiest way to define it. We put investments in place, kind of put an infrastructure in there to drive global key accounts, and that team has done a really, really nice job kind of throughout that team -- really, really done a nice job. So at the end of the day, that's growing faster than our overall business. We continue to expect key accounts to grow fast than our overall business. I kind of touched on earlier that there are some opportunities out there that we think we're going to be capitalizing on as we move forward here. So at the end of the day, that's turned out to be a positive strategy and the future certainly looks bright from our key account perspective to continue to drive our overall top line growth.
Robbie Marcus: And on the MyDay manufacturing, I guess, a capacity issue. How much did that impact growth exactly? So it's 18% for the dailies silicon lenses overall. What would that have been if you had full capacity?
Al White: That's -- if we had full capacity, it would have been quite a bit higher. Well, can't really throw a number out there but there was a lot of demand for that product. There is a lot of demand for that product right now. So that's where I do feel good about, we were bringing a lot of capacity online here, and we are heavily focused on selling that as we move forward. But we'll be using that capacity as it comes on. So other than to kind of say it, it made an easy difference. I won't go into specific numbers on.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research.
Steve Willoughby: I have two. I guess, first, following up on the last question. Al, it sounds like you're continuing to add more manufacturing capacity. Can you just provide a little bit more color on how long these capacity additions will take to come on? And I guess, with that, what -- if you could quantify it all, how much of a capacity increase you're hoping to eventually get? Or how much can capacity increase in 2020? And then I have a follow-up as well.
Al White: Yes, Steve, that's a great question. And really a great point that I didn't touch on there. But -- and it's especially relevant for anyone who's new to this story. I mean it can take 12 months to 24 months, and I'm sure some of our competitors are dealing with this right now, in order to get a new line up and running. And I mean that from the time you order that line to it's actually producing product that you could ship to your warehouses and ultimately sell. So it could take a decent amount of time. And you can't just kind of snack your fingers and order of these manufacturing lines and get them in the next month, right? I say it takes, on average, 18 months or something to get those lines. So we ordered them quite a while ago. I mean we saw a bunch of this coming. We ordered these lines. We have them coming in, as I mentioned. I mean, we -- our -- Rolando, who runs our manufacturing group, has done an insane good a job. But he's almost got the team going at this point like 24/7 working on getting those lines up and running and accelerating the start dates on them. It takes time, and that's part of the problem. That's part of the big -- the moat, if you will, the barriers to entry into this industry are pretty significant because of that type of thing. So anyway, long story short, number of lines coming on. I'm not going to get in how much we're -- that increases our capacity and the dollar amounts associated with that, other than to say there's numerous lines that are coming on. We just that one last week, many more to come, this year and into next year because it's just the timing it takes to get those lines.
Steve Willoughby: And so, I guess, with that, Al, do you think you'll still be capacity constrained at the end of 2020?
Al White: I think that as we move into 2021, we'll still be capacity constrained. I do think so. But having said that, we'll be in 10x better position than we are today.
Steve Willoughby: Sure. Okay. And then my follow-up question, Al. Over the last -- kind of take a little bit longer-term view here. Over the last, let's say, decade, the company has outgrown the contact lens market by 200, 300, maybe even 400 basis points pretty consistently. During a lot of that, much of the last decade, you've had a favorable competitive position with your product portfolio, particularly having MyDay, but especially clariti being sort of unique in the marketplace. The 200 or 300 or 400 basis points you've outperformed the market, have you put any thought to how much of that outperformance has come from your ability to trade up to more expensive silicone hydrogel daily lenses versus gaining shares from competitors? I'm just wondering if you've ever looked at it that way in terms of the breakdown from how you've outperformed the market?
Al White: Yes. So we have. We did -- it's kind of interesting right now. I mean some of the competitors coming out with products right now, they'll trade up their existing wearer base and get a 20%, 30% kind of premium on those trade ups. That's fantastic for them, and it will drive good solid growth for them for a number of years. As you know, we don't have quite that base of trade up because we don't have as big as daily hydrogel base. So when you look at our growth over the years here, that growth, or a lot of that growth, especially more recently, has become -- has been coming from winning new wearers. And I'm kind of happy when I look -- well I am happy when I look at the New Fit Data that we get, that we're continuing to win new wearers, new fits with new wearers in the daily silicone hydrogel space. So that's one of the keys for us. So I think at the end of the day, it's a little interesting that you're going to get good market growth because you're going to see some competitors trading up existing wearers, and again, getting that 20%, 30% trade up. We're going to get growth because we are going to continue to get some of that trade up. We're going to see growth from the conversion of FRP wearers over to daily wearers. We're going to get growth from winning new wearers. And then some of the new products we roll out will drive growth. When you look at like MyDay and you ask about constraints as we enter into 2021, one of the things I'm excited about is ultimately getting the MyDay multifocal out in the marketplace. That's coming at some point in the future, right? But we just have to get the capacity to be able to do that. So we are doing a good job right now, I will say, in winning new wearers. And I can see that in the New Fit Data. And that, ultimately, will translate itself into revenues, it's just a matter of how long that takes.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Steven Lichtman with Oppenheimer.
Steven Lichtman: Al, just a question on the regulatory and clinical work around MiSight that you mentioned. Can you provide a little more color on what that includes? Is that reflective of investment in the geographic expansion or in the post-market study as well? And can you talk a little bit about the post-market study design in terms of number of patients, and when we might see data?
Al White: Yes. So it's a number of things, to your point, right? So it's clinical data in terms of expanded tests. One of the things that we want to look at and say, some children don't react as well as other children do to MiSight. Why is that, right? So doing clinical work on that. When you look at late onset myopia, how can we tackle that? What's the best way to tackle that? So we're not talking 8 to 12-year olds but older kids who are getting myopia. When we look at going to a silicone hydrogel MiSight product, that kind of work, then you also roll in the regulatory work at -- kind of China and Japan and a number of other countries, going through the regulatory process to get approvals, there's investment activity associated with that. If you look at that post-market study, that's another one. That's a great one. That's an expensive one that we're kicking off right now. I'm not going to go into much detail on that at this point in time. There will be information that will come out on that here in the coming months. So I'll kind of wait to give more color on that. But that is another thing that's expensive as part of those investment dollars. So a lot of that activity, as you can imagine, it's upfront activity. You do it, you get approval. And when you're done, you do the clinical work, you get those clinicals behind you, you ultimately get approval on the expanded product offerings or new products that fit in the space and so forth and you're done. That's where you start seeing on real leverage like that, the future that I was talking about. But those dollars -- those investment dollars are going through a multitude of different areas.
Steven Lichtman: Got it. And then lastly, on the increased sales, marketing and educational support, you mentioned for MiSight, is some of that around expanding the sales force? And will you have a targeted sales force around MiSight or no?
Al White: We may. Right now, most of that is professional sales, if you will, kind of the clinical side of it, where you're going out and talking to optometrists and individuals who really want to understand the lens, fit the lens as a treatment, drive the product forward. So right now because it's early stage, it's more along those lines. Ultimately, you move to the point of saying, "Hey, can my existing sales force sell this lens also?" No surprise to anyone, they're getting tons of questions about it right now, and they're just referring it over to some of the specialists. So we'll see how it kind of plays out over time. I think that you will probably get some dedicated sales people, dedicated sales professionals. And as it becomes more mainstream and less clinically based on the sale, you'll move yourself more in that direction.
Operator: Thank you. And that's all the time we have today for questions. I will now turn the call back over to President and CEO, Al White, for closing remarks.
Al White: Well, thank you, everyone. We covered a lot of good topics today. And as you can tell, I'm pretty excited about where we are and where our business is and what the future holds. Kind of have to work our way through Q1 here and roll through the rest of the year. But things are looking pretty good. I'm pretty excited. So I hope everyone had a good Thanksgiving and happy holidays coming up, and look forward to seeing everyone out on the road here in the coming weeks and months. So thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-08-29 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Cooper Companies Incorporated Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays conference, Ms. Kim Duncan, Vice President, Investor Relations and Administration. Maam, you may begin.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Cooper Companies third quarter 2019 earnings conference call. During todays call, we will discuss the results included in the earnings release, along with the updated guidance and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on todays call are Al White, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Andrews, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market or regulatory conditions, and integration of any acquisitions or their failure to achieve anticipated benefits. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that maybe incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption, Forward-Looking Statements, in todays earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including Coopers Form 10-K, all of which are available on our website at coopercos.com. Should you have any additional questions following the call, please call our investor line at 925-460-3663 or email ir@cooperco.com. And now, Ill turn the call over to Al for his opening remarks.
Al White: Thank you, Kim, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter 2019 conference call. For the quarter, we reported $679 million in consolidated revenue, up 3% year-over-year or up 5% pro forma. CooperVision posted revenues of $509.1 million, up 4% or up 6% pro forma. CooperSurgical posted revenues of $170.3 million, flat year-over-year, up 2% pro forma. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $3.23. These results were driven by our market-leading products and strong operational execution, and we expect this success to continue. Now, as I walk through the quarterly results today, the numbers would be on a pro forma basis, but it's mostly constant currency now as other adjustments are minimal. For the quarter, CooperVision posted growth throughout the world with the Americas up 5%; EMEA 3%; and Asia Pac up 13%. All three regions were led by our daily silicone hydrogel lenses MyDay and Clariti, which grew 23%. Biofinity also performed well with Energys and torics leading the way and our Avaira franchise was solid leading the RFP, or two-week and monthly silicone hydrogel growth of 6%. Moving outside of brands, torics grew 8% and multifocals grew 2%. Touching on the details, Asia Pac continues to post very strong results. Our growth in that region is highly diversified from a product and geographic perspective, and it's driven by a fantastic team. Growing double digits for as long as they have with the momentum to keep it going is not easy, so I wanted to highlight that and say great job to the team. Second, EMEA was a little softer than we were expecting, largely due to lower stocking levels as that region experienced fluctuations, working through challenges associated with Brexit. And finally, just a reminder that our consolidated third quarter growth from last year was 9%, meaning this was a very solid quarter off a tough comp. And looking forward, were guiding Q4 to 6% to 8% and that's against a very tough 10% comp, so our business remains strong. We're also continuing to take share as we stay on the offensive with our strong product portfolio and our successful key account strategy. Moving on to our myopia management strategy, I'm going to focus on MiSight rather than the broader specialty unit, as that's where most of our future investments will be dedicated. As you'll remember, MiSight is our innovative myopia management lens that is selling in several European countries, Canada, and a few Asia-Pacific countries. I'm proud to announce MiSight exceeded $1 million in revenues this quarter for the first time ever, more than doubling on a year-over-year basis. The lens is supported by strong five-year clinical data, and we're continuing to see significant interest and accelerating demand for the product. Regarding the U.S., we're continuing to work with the FDA and hope to provide a meaningful update prior to calendar year-end. Given there are currently no FDA-approved myopia management contact lenses, an approval would obviously be a major milestone and cement our leadership in this extremely exciting space. With this positive activity, we've ramped up pre-launch investment efforts in the U.S. to get a better understanding in the market, and we've accelerated sales and marketing and educational activity outside the U.S. These investments will add several million dollars in additional cost in Q4, but I'm excited to see the results as I remain extremely excited about MiSight's potential and the positive halo effect it will have on the rest of our portfolio. Moving back to the quarter for CooperVision, let me briefly walk through our ongoing infrastructure investments as this is an important part of our customized solution strategy to support our long-term growth initiatives. We're continuing to invest and support key accounts and independent practitioners by upgrading our distribution and packaging operations, our IT systems, and our overall customer service capabilities. We're also enhancing manufacturing by maintaining an intense continuous improvement mentality, while expanding facilities and increasing the use of automation. Lastly, we're also investing in sales and marketing activities, including increasing in-store promotional activity, education, advertising and new sales and marketing hires. These efforts are critical to our long-term success as we need the appropriate infrastructure to support our partners in growing their contact lens businesses for many years into the future. Moving to market data and important trends. On a trailing 12-month basis, the market grew roughly 7% to $8.7 billion with the primary growth driver being dailies up 11%. The market continues to be healthy, and I remain comfortable targeting growth in the mid to upper part of the 4% to 6% range I frequently discussed. This growth will continue to be driven by several factors including the shift to dailies, the trade up from traditional hydrogel to silicone hydrogel dailies, geographic expansion, and growth in torics and multifocals. To put some numbers to some of this, roughly 41% of dailies sales are now in silicones, compared to 83% of FRP sales and I believe we'll see daily silicone sales approach or even reach the FRP levels, as pricing comes in line and new products are launched. From a dollar perspective, this means that roughly $2 billion in current daily hydrogel sales should be converted to silicone dailies, which will drive solid market growth for many years to come. Additionally, new wearers entering the market in daily lenses drive significantly more revenue than existing FRP -- I'm sorry, than exiting FRP wearers, so the transition we're seeing to daily lenses from two-week and monthly lenses is another underlying positive factor in the market's growth. With respect to CooperVision, our daily market share is roughly 18% compared to 31% within the FRP space, so there's a long runway for us to continue growing faster than the market. The key remains executing on our core strategies and winning new wearers, and I'm very happy to say that New Fit Data is very strong, showing our momentum is continuing. Moving to CooperSurgical. We reported revenues of $170.3 million, up 2% with our office and surgical business roughly flat and fertility up 5%. Within office and surgical, PARAGARD was unexpectedly flat given continued ASP improvements, but we believe there were two factors that impacted performance with those being our decision to pause certain advertising programs, including TV ads to take the time to assess the returns on these initiatives; and some channel inventory contraction at the physician level. We found a clear correlation between our consumer awareness campaigns and unit growth, so our challenge moving forward is to optimize the return on this activity. There is more work to be done, but I'm confident we'll be successful given the strength of the sales and marketing team we've built, and a significant amount of insightful direct-to-consumer information we've obtained. The question right now is what's the long-term growth opportunity for PARAGARD? And the answer in that revolves largely around unit and price performance. When looking at these two items, I feel comfortable reiterating that PARAGARD should grow in the mid single-digits and I believe in the upper part of that for the next several years. This is supported by roughly 3% annualized unit growth, which we believe we'll be able to obtain through normal sales and marketing activity and then roughly 3% coming from price. As we've discussed, our experiences have shown that we can push the unit growth rate higher than 3% through higher advertising, but we need to keep working and challenging ourselves as to the returns we're getting from that activity. On price, we have an adjusted price since we acquired the product, but we've seen our competitors increased their base price on the hormonal side of the IUD market. Given current market conditions, we're currently evaluating a price increase, noting that any potential price increase rose through the P&L over time due to Medicaid and contractual arrangements. Regarding fertility, growth was led by our device portfolio, which includes consumable products like IVF media and our market-leading Wallace embryo transfer catheter. We also saw stabilization in our genomics business, as our restructuring activities are now completely behind us, including our lab consolidation efforts where we reduced the total number of labs from 16 to three, which will result in significant efficiency improvements going forward. Overall, the fertility space continues to offer mid to upper single-digit long-term growth potential, so we're investing in sales and marketing talent as we expand internationally, driving product improvements through R&D and implementing new selling and advertising programs. Outside of commercial part of CooperSurgical, we're making a lot of progress upgrading our infrastructure, including expanding our headquarters in Connecticut, increasing our distribution capabilities, such as adding a new facility that just went live in Europe and expanding our Costa Rica manufacturing facility. Regarding the Costa Rica project, production is growing and we're on target with our build-out plans, including tripling the size of the facility to accommodate the relocation of several production lines from other facilities around the world. Once completed, this facility will be a state-of-the-art manufacturing location, including what we believe will be the most technologically advanced fertility manufacturing operation in the world. The team is doing a fantastic job, handling all the complexities associated with this activity, and I'm extreme pleased with the progress. Before concluding, I want to wrap up by mentioning, we just refreshed our corporate brand with a new logo, brand identity and website. This is an exciting step for the organization and better ties the visual representations of CooperVision, CooperSurgical and Cooper Companies together. You could check it out on our new website at coopercos.com. I'm also happy to say, we're continuing to make nice strides with our ESG incorporate responsibility efforts, including expanding our philanthropic efforts, increasing support in our local communities, and increasing our environmental sustainability efforts. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Andrews: Thank you, Al. Good afternoon everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to today's earnings release for a full reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. Al covered revenues, so I'll focus on the rest of the financials and guidance. Consolidated gross margin for the quarter was essentially flat at 67.3% versus 67.4% last year. CooperVision's gross margin was 65.6%, down from 65.9% last year, due largely to higher secondary handling costs as we complete the distribution center upgrades that we've discussed before. CooperSurgical's gross margin increased to 72.4%, up from 71.7%, driven primarily from improvements in our fertility business where we're starting to see the progress following the completion of our genomics integration activity. Consolidated operating margin increased nicely to 28.4% from 27.8% last year, as we saw leverage from consolidated operating expenses only growing 1.3% year-over-year. Investments were very targeted in key areas, including selling and marketing, and distribution within CooperVision and selling customer service and distribution within CooperSurgical. Interest expense was $16.7 million and our effective tax rate was 8.9%, which included additional excess tax benefits received from the exercising of stock options. Non-GAAP EPS for the quarter was $3.23, with roughly 50.1 million average shares outstanding. Free cash flow was $121.3 million comprised of $196.7 million of operating cash flow offset by $75.4 million of CapEx. Net debt decreased by $122.8 million to $1.702 billion and our adjusted leverage ratio declined to 1.83 times. One last matter from this quarter was that we implemented a soft freeze on our pension plan effective August 1, 2019. Like many companies, our focus is shifting to what our employees are requesting and that's programs such as the 401(k) and our new employee stock purchase plan. This move did not impact our financials, but you'll see it in the Q, so I wanted to mention it. Moving to guidance, our pro forma revenue growth ranges are basically unchanged, while EPS is being raised. For the full year, we're now guiding consolidated revenues to $2.635 billion to $2.655 billion with the CooperVision range being $1.966 billion to $1.976 billion, which remained 7% to 8% full year pro forma growth; and CooperSurgical at $669 million to $679 million, which remains full year pro forma revenue -- pro forma growth of 4% to 6%. Full year non-GAAP EPS guidance is being raised $0.12 on the bottom end to $12.27 to $12.35. Calculating this for adjusted the fourth quarter shows CooperVision revenue guidance of $503 million to $513 million, up 6% to 8% pro forma; and CooperSurgical revenue guidance of $171 million to $181 million, up 1% to 7% pro forma; and non-GAAP EPS of $3.22 to $3.30. Note the Q4 assumption is for roughly 10.5% effective tax rate. Regarding FX, rates have moved around a lot around over the past three months, with the pound and yen making decent moves. But the ultimate impact is a minimal change from last quarter, with a fiscal year impact on revenues being a negative $67 million and a negative $0.60 to EPS. Our assumptions are based on generally current rates including the euro at $1.10, the pound at $1.22 and the yen at $1.06. Regarding fiscal 2020 guidance, it's too early to provide much detail, but at a high level we remain focused on taking share by driving strong sustainable revenue growth and posting low double-digit constant currency and operating income growth. Having said that, we remain very excited about MiSight and there could be incremental investments in that product depending on the timing around an approval from the FDA and/or from accelerating demand were seeing outside the United States. As is our practice, we'll provide full guidance for next year on our fourth quarter 2019 earnings call, which is set for December 5. And with that, I'll hand it back to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Larry Biegelsen: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Just two from me to start with the Q4 CooperVision guidance. Al, I think to reach the midpoint, you need to accelerate growth on a nominal and a stacked two-year basis. So, what drives the acceleration in Q4? And how much was that kind of Q3 impact from Brexit? Is that something you will quantify for us, it's something you'll get back in Q4 and I have one follow-up.
Al White: Yes. I think that when you look at Q4, if you kind of compare it sequentially to Q3, you'd say the Americas are going to be similar, probably a little bit stronger, I would expect, in Q4 than they were in Q3. Asia-Pac is somewhat similar, and I think EMEA puts up a better number. And you kind of touched on it there, we did see some destocking this quarter, so assuming that we don't get a rebound in that, we'll just have a regular kind of quarter for EMEA. I think they'll post a stronger number than what they posted this quarter. That pushes you somewhere to 6 being equivalent to this quarter to as high as 8 in Q4.
Larry Biegelsen: That's helpful. And then on 2020, appreciate the color. Can you give us a little color right now on where kind of FX would be -- the impact for sales and EPS at this point? And the tax rate Al, is it still 13% to 14%? Is that the right way to think about tax for 2020? Thanks for taking the questions guys.
Al White: Yes. I think that on the tax rate side, probably 14% is the right way to think about it. I mean you're right, I do think of it in that 13% to 14% kind of range. At the end of the day, we've had some excess stock comp benefit and that's been around 1.5% for the last couple years, so that could certainly push it lower, but somewhere in that range and probably 14%, but right now it's probably the best number to go with just as a placeholder. We'll, obviously, update that in December. FX, I think right now kind of current rates is neutral to may be a little positive for next year, and we'll update that obviously in December when we get there, but right now at least we don't have anywhere near the headwind that weve had this year.
Larry Biegelsen: Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jeff Johnson with Baird. Your line is now open.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Good afternoon, guys. So, Al, the only other place in CVI that maybe was a little short of our number other than the EU question that Larry just asked was on multifocals, up 2%. Is that competition there? Was there any specific destocking in multifocals in the EU that would explain that? Just kind of what's going on in the multi-focal category would be helpful.
Al White: Yeah, Jeff. I think, it's tied more to competition than anything. Some of our competitors have put out some pretty good lenses recently. We have a significant market share in the multifocals space. We do, as you know, really, really well in that space, but there is some heightened competition there. The next real step for us is probably tied to like MyDay multifocal. I can tell you, we'll come out with that lens eventually and it's going to be received incredibly well in my opinion. It's just a matter of production on that. So I think for right now were probably looking at closer to kind of low-single-digit growth in multifocals where the market would be more in the upper-single digits.
Jeff Johnson: Yes. And when do you think that MyDay multifocal could roll? And then as a follow-up to that, Ill count that just as my first question as a follow-up to that, you did talk about some pre-launch activity in Q4 for the myopia lens in the U.S. for MiSight. That would suggest to me you have some confidence that you hear something good before year-end from the FDA. And as weve talked to some people out there, sounds like the FDA is really just concerned about putting contact lenses on eight-year olds, not necessarily on the process of reducing myopia progression. So, it would seem like a low bar you have to kind of hurdle to get them to approve this product, but just any commentary you can provide would be helpful? Thanks.
Al White: Yes. On the multifocal, let me hit that one first. On MyDay multifocal, no timeline on that one yet. We have some significant demand, and not only significant but actually accelerating demand on MyDay right now and that's even with us raising price. We dropped the rebate in the U.S. We've raised price in a lot of markets, and MyDay demand is actually accelerating. So I'm not sure the multifocal is going to be out that soon. So -- but at the end of the day, that's not that detrimental to us. The multifocal market is still 4% or 5% of the overall market, so we'll update on that as soon as we can. We're bringing production lines on, and well continue to bring them on next year, so the faster we can ramp up production, the faster we'll get a multifocal out there. On MiSight, yes, I mentioned in the prepared comments, I think, Im keeping my fingers crossed. Well have a nice positive announcement prior to calendar year end on that product. So I think you're right on your commentary on the FDA. Were working with them right now trying to get through that process. So, I won't comment too much more than that other than to say, fingers crossed, and yes, we are accelerating, pulling forward, if you will, activity associated with that from a pre-launch perspective. And then, we've seen really, really strong demand in MiSight outside of the U.S., and that's just been fantastic, and that's kind of accelerating also. So, we're doing a lot of work right now on understanding the market and launch activity and engaging sales professionals and so forth on that side.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Joanne Wuensch: Good afternoon. How are you all doing today?
Al White: Good. Joanne, how are you doing?
Joanne Wuensch: Excellent. It looks like the contact lens market has accelerated somewhat over the last few quarters, and particularly this quarter. Is there any particular reason why?
Al White: Yeah. I think that you're starting to see people grab more and more and more a hold of the shift to daily silicones. I mean, for a little while you had J&J in there just a little bit and Alcon a little bit and you had us a little bit, but capacity constrained in spots. And then, we've extended our portfolio. You've seen J&J ramp up capacity of their daily SiHy's. Obviously, Alcon has some stuff going on. I mean, that's your biggest shift. So as youre seeing wearers exit the market, a lot of those wearers are FRP wearers. They are two week or monthly wearers. The new wearers coming into the market are daily wearers, so that's a pretty significant trade-up. And then, the trade up, if you will from a traditional daily hydrogel wearer to a silicone hydrogel wearer is another 20% or so trade-up. So we've talked about this for a number of years, right? I think that its gaining traction is what it comes down to. And I think its going to continue to gain traction as you get capacity ramping up new products and so forth from out. I quoted that number of $2 billion that needs to be converted over. If you convert just that $2 billion over that changes to somewhere around $2.4 billion, $2.5 billion of revenue adding $400 million to $500 million of revenue to the industry. That will probably take five to 10 years. But then you also roll in the other factors, some growth in wearers around the world, the torics, the multifocals, the other stuff that's going on. And then, the general transition to more daily wearers and it's all just a lot of really good positive trends.
Joanne Wuensch: I like to hear that. You had spoken about owning to a key brand strategy a couple of quarters ago. Could you just give us an update clear on how that's going? Thanks.
Al White: Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah, we are focused on that. We mentioned a lot of the investment activity we're doing. We put the key account team in place, and it's a fantastic team. They're doing really, really well. We've had some very nice wins in the key account -- within the key account team. We're working on some other stuff right now that's really exciting. So I hope that, you will continue to see some stuff in the near future here, it's going to be pretty positive. I'm pretty excited about. It's going well.
Joanne Wuensch: Thank you. And have a great weekend.
Al White: Thanks. You too.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Matthew Mishan from KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Matthew Mishan: Great. Thanks for taking questions. Hey, Al, one of your competitors is working to improve the productivity of its new manufacturing lines. Im just curious like how confident you are that -- with the manufacturing process that you acquired with Sauflon can still be a competitive advantage for you moving forward?
Al White: Oh, yeah. I'm very confident with that. I think in my opinion right now looking at it, I mean we have the best manufacturing team in the contact lens industry and we have the best lines that are out there right now. So that Sauflon acquisition was just phenomenal for us. And linking in that technology into our real high volume technology we have, and pulling those together to standardize those lines, I think that's a true competitive advantage for us. And frankly I think you see that in our margins. You see that in the strength of the CooperVision margins that are out there. And we can't rest on our laurels there and were not. We have a very highly focused intense continuous improvement mentality within manufacturing. So we are really working hard to drive continuing production improvements and cost reduction. So I feel good about that on the manufacturing side.
Matthew Mishan: Okay. And then on the revenue growth side, I think you -- I think that's the first time you mentioned targeting growth at the high-end of the market. But you've been coming in well above that for like the last couple years. Are you suggesting like the recent -- that recent growth in this 7%, 8%, is it a viable target for you moving forward?
Al White: No, no, no. It definitely is. So I would say that, I continue to believe that we can put a pretty strong growth. I talked about it in the context of the market at 4% to 6%, and we talked about ourselves taking share, we'll talk about that 6% to 8% growth. So I think we can continue to put up those numbers. I do think that the actual market growth could get stronger. I don't think that will be detrimental to us. But I do think the market growth can be stronger. You can use Alcon as an example. They come out with PRECISION1, great product they're trading up for DACP wearers and they're getting 20% or so trade up from that. I mean, that alone is going to increase them. But we're going to continue to put up our numbers in growth. So I feel pretty good about our growth and I think the market kind of is stable here to maybe even a little bit improving.
Matthew Mishan: All right. Thanks Al.
Al White: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Matt O'Brien with Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys, this is Jerome [ph] for Matt. Thank you for taking the questions. I guess the first I want to touch on what you just mentioned then. Obviously, over the last couple quarters, clariti growth has been great. I mean this new competitor bringing a product in the next couple months. Probably going to take a little while to scale, but now that you've seen the product sort of how do you think that stacked up against your product portfolio?
Al White: Yes. I think that our product portfolio is very strong. I mean, we have -- keep in mind, clariti has sphere toric and multifocals, so it's a full set of products. MyDay is out there right now as a sphere toric also. So, we're now in good shape. Now, we do need to expand parameter ranges, we had a base curve for instance to MyDay. So, there's a number of things we're doing to continue to expand our existing portfolio. So, we're quite ahead of a lot of people in the game right now. So, I mean competition's going to come that's part of where we are. That's the industry we live in. We have good big competitors, but we're not sitting around doing nothing that's for sure. We're expanding the portfolio, getting product out in more countries and locations, and so forth. So, we still have many years in front of us of upside from that type of activity.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then obviously PARAGARD has been on the tariff for the last couple quarters, it moderated maybe a little bit here in Q3. I know you guys have been a little hesitant to go down the television advertising route. So, I guess the question is one, I mean have you restarted your television ads yet? And then two, kind of what is the hang-up from pushing a little bit more aggressively into that DTC channel? Thank you.
Al White: Yes. Great question. Yes, on the TV ads, we have not started those back up. So, we thought about this a little bit in the past. We were running TV ads and some really heavy promotional activity in addition to kind of the social media, print media everything else that we're doing. So, we stepped back from some of that activity. As we discussed, we've kind of talked about this openly to see what the impact would be to see how closely the correlation between those advertising campaigns and our unit sales were and to really understand the -- kind of the cost/benefit of that. A lot of that activity is very expensive to do. So, we're doing exactly what we said we would do and exactly what you want to do and we have great Intel on that. I do think that you'll see us come back with some TV ads, are going to be more focused, more targeted TV ads. Because there are certain markets in the U.S. where we can target and be very successful with those TV ads. So, I think you're going to see more. We're just trying to fine tune in that. But if I do step back, I'd say PARAGARD's going about 6.5% year-to-date and I think that's a decent number. I think PARAGARD's going to grow around 6% if we just look at core unit growth from doing what we're doing well plus price gets us to around that 6% number and we can drive that number higher. We've proven we can drive that higher. It's just going to be the cost benefit of doing a lot of that activity. So, still learning, still working through it, but clearly we feel very positive about that product. And I talked for a while about a mid-single-digit grower and I would be more comfortable at this point saying, yes, mid-single-digit is, right but the upper part of that mid-single-digit is probably the most accurate.
Unidentified Analyst: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Larry Keusch with Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Larry Keusch: Thanks. Al could you -- you alluded to in your prepared comments about New Fits doing very well. Can you provide just some more color in any way you can on -- to helping us think about that kind of how the New Fits are going?
Al White: Yes, the New Fit Data was strong this quarter, no question about it. We saw an acceleration in some areas in new fit data that excite me and specifically, when it came to new fits on the daily silicone hydrogel side. That's what I would really point to. I think this quarter we hit an all-time high in some of those metrics and one of the key metrics certainly we hit an all-time high. So that's where the market is going. Market's going to daily silicone hydrogels and that's where we're focused and that's where we're excelling. And when I see that new fit data coming through, it makes me feel really good, because it might not happen immediately, but it's going to happen. When you're getting the wearers, you're going to get the revenues associated with it.
Larry Keusch: Okay. Perfect. And then just one other one, again, sort of you alluded to accelerating demand for MyDay toric. So maybe you can talk about sort of geographically where you're seeing that? Your ability to actually, meet demand particular that continues to accelerate and maybe weve been there just sort of again how you're thinking about your manufacturing capacity and expansion plans?
Al White: Yeah, Larry, that's a great question. MyDay toric came into the market and it has been received so well. We had that halo effect where it brought this sphere up. And were in this situation where we've been increasing our manufacturing capacity so the team's doing really well there with the existing lines we have. We've ordered a number of new lines that will be coming in over time. So we're going to be growing capacity. We've taken price up in many markets around the world and we've actually -- you've seen that in the U.S. through a reduction in rebates. Having said that, MyDay demand continues to accelerate in the face of all that, so that's the great news. The challenge for us ends up being avoiding back orders and those types of problems. So we are putting stuff in place right now with respect our supply chain to ensure that we don't go into back order situations and we take care of all of our customers. And right now we're kind of playing in that fine line of ensuring we give high quality customer service, while we're ramping up production. And I think that you're going to see production come online, I don't want to get in too much detail for competitive reasons, but you're going to see production coming online in this next fiscal year and especially at the tail end. So I think we're positioned well to put up good numbers next fiscal year and then I think we're positioned frankly extremely well to really put up some good numbers in fiscal 2021 as that capacity comes on and we can expand our offerings and our parameter ranges and get back to, as I mentioned, to, Jeff, like a MyDay multifocal and so forth on the market.
Larry Keusch: Okay. Terrific. Thanks very much.
Albert White: Yep.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jon Block with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is Trevor on for John. Thanks for taking my question. So, first, on Vision, has the rebate activity on dailies remains suppressed relative to six to 12 months ago? And should we view that as a tailwind to reported revenues looking forward over the next few quarters?
Albert White: Yeah. Rebate activity is kind of flattened out. There's a little activity and there always seems to be here in someone will run like a small promotional activity for back-to-school and some of that kind of stuff. So you'll see everyone saw some rebate activity come in. But at the end of the day a lot of that has stabilized. I do think we're working through some of that still, but it stabilized which is good news. And you are seeing some base price increases, so I think the trend there is at worst neutral and probably -- slightly positive.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thanks. And then on surgical, where would you say your winning share from on PARAGARD? Is that just youre getting larger volumes from current prescribers, or are you to bringing in new docs in order to expand the product a little bit?
Al White>: Yeah. I think both. I think both. Some of it is just awareness. It's consumer awareness and it's also awareness to the physicians. So we're out there doing physician training and so forth. The product had kind of gone quiet, so to speak, for a number of years before we bought it. So, to get back out there, to get into some training programs and talk to physicians who are working through school, I think, we're picking up some new docs and I think we're also picking up some wearers from some of the consumer awareness activity. So that's what kind of makes me feel pretty good about that 3% unit growth. We've actually been growing a little bit faster than that. So, I think, we'll be able to hold that for a number of years.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Chris Cooley with Stephens. Your line is now open.
Chris Cooley: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. Al, just two for me. On PARAGARD, I appreciate the additional color there about volume and pricing. Curious, just to get your take on overall category potential. Obviously, it tapered here a little bit with the lack of advertising. So just where do you see the broader IUD category here in the States? And specifically, the non-hormonal segment of that going relative to maybe other markets? And then, I've got a quick follow-up on Vision.
Al White: Yeah. The kind of IUD market in total in the U.S. is some  it's over $1 billion, it was, I'll call it, close to kind of $1.1 billion. And you're seeing decent growth within the space. So, as IUD market, you're probably seeing around 2% to 3% unit growth, plus price. We're a little bit on the higher end of that from a unit growth perspective. As I mentioned, we haven't taken price recently, but looking at that. And then, when you look at how the non-hormonal market, because keep in mind, we have the only non-hormonal IUD product in the U.S. market. When you compare that to markets outside of the U.S., the non-hormonal penetration rates are higher than they are in the U.S. So, I think we could just do our job and get out there in the market and make sure people know the products available. The trends are in our favor there.
Chris Cooley: But just to be clear, no change in your long-term view there, even though you had a little bit of a step back here in the most recent quarter?
Al White: Yes, absolutely, no change there. No, we pulled back on that intentionally, right? We saw some destocking, which probably isn't a surprise. We were doing all that advertising and promotions and you got a little buy in from physicians and some distributor kind of activity. You get that kind of stuff, while you're doing all of that. And then you pull-back and you get a pause in the marketplace. But no, I don't have -- I'm not stepping back at all from the positive feelings I have about PARAGARD. It was just a much more profitable quarter, if you will, with the pull-back in some of that.
Chris Cooley: Understood. And then, just lastly for me, on the Vision side, just looking ahead, if we do see some volatility just in the economy, is there anything different when we think about the current contact lens market here in the States versus say the 2007, 2008 timeframe? We saw purchase go to maybe more to the six to nine month versus the full annual supply at the time of the exam? With the shift to dailies and with the focus now on key accounts, should we be thinking about that, if we're trying to risk-adjust numbers in the out years? Or is that now changed structurally such that, you purchased still a full year supply at the time of the exam? How should we think about that going forward?
Al White: Yeah. I think that, the market overall probably in a little better place than it was then. But to be fair, if we get an economic slowdown, even with the shift to dailies, even with the things we've seen and all of that continuing, you can't get somebody that doesn't wear their daily lenses every day. They could always wear five days a week and wear their glasses for over the weekend or something like that, which would take the year's supply of lenses that they purchase out to make it a 15-month supply or a 14-month supply. So, it wouldn't surprise me if you saw that. Any time you move to that kind of environment people are trying to save money. Those are the kind of things that are pretty easy to do to save money on a Saturday or Sunday, you just put your glasses on. But I still think, you go to 2009 contact lens market in the middle of the recession grew 3%. I would be really surprised under any scenario to see it get down there or lower.
Chris Cooley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Anthony Petrone with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Anthony Petrone: Thanks. One on CVI and then one on PARAGARD. Just could you recap in terms of where silicone hydrogel penetration is in dailies right now? And maybe what that -- the value of that market is in dollar terms? And then, as you think of silicone hydrogel material becoming more evenly weighted within dailies specifically where that total markets can go? And then a follow-up on PARAGARD would be, it was trending I believe at around $170 million run rate last quarter. So it's a little bit of a step-down this quarter, so trending around 17% market share. When you think of the positioning of PARAGARD within the IUD space, is it still possible that that market share could double over time in the IUD market? Thanks.
Al White: Yes. I'll take PARAGARD first. Yeah, I do think it could. I mean there are markets outside of the U.S. where you see hormonal or non-hormonal on equal footing. And you'll see 30%, 35% even 40% theres several markets where you get it's kind of 50/50. So I do think there is the chance to make that happen. It just takes time and it takes effort. And we want to make sure that we do that in the most intelligent way possible. And that maximize our return. So, I think if we went out with a massive marketing program and blanketed the U.S. with television ads and so forth, we can push a PARAGARD really fast. I really do think that. And the TV ads, where we did metro New York and San Francisco, we saw some really positive responses on that. But I don't think it's going to happen that way. I think it will be more of a general trend in that direction. So, I would say with a product like that, with the margins we're getting on it, if we can get that kind of mid-single-digit 6% growth and push that up some time, we're going to be pretty happy with that, so no reason to push that further at a -- from a negative return perspective. On SiHy and daily SiHys, right now 41% of dailies SiHys are being fit in silicone. So, I think that's probably key numbers. The market right now, a little bit over half of the market is in dailies and 41% of that being in daily silicones. It gets a little confusing with the numbers. But right now, if you look at a two-week and monthly market, about 83% of that is being fit in silicone hydrogel lenses. So there's no reason daily silicones in my mind don't get up to that kind of same level. And when you look at that conversion, you're talking about another $2 billion in product. That's the big shift right there, right? Where it's to go from 41% up to the 80% level, and that 41% that I'm quoting right? Where I think it was 39% last quarter, 38% a quarter before I can't remember exactly, but somewhere around there. It continues to move up a point every quarter.
Anthony Petrone: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Robbie Marcus: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe first just a housekeeping question. Can you walk through how FX impacted the P&L on sales gross margin and the bottom-line?
Brian Andrews: Sure. I'll take that. Yes. So, in Q3, the impact to sales was about $13 million. So, that's about a $3 million -- that's a detriment, so $3 million better than our previous guidance. To EPS the impact was a negative $0.06, which was $0.06 better than our previous guidance.
Robbie Marcus: Okay. And then as you think about fiscal 2020 and I realize you haven't given guidance yet, so it's more in a hypothetical sense. What's your confidence in driving above peer operating margin expansion here? We see with a pretty good topline this year, FX is eating away a lot of it. And maybe you could just give us the year-to-date number to help us calibrate on operating margin. But how do you think about your ability to expand operating margin going forward? Thanks.
Al White: I'll answer this and certainly let Brian jump in. We cant continue to expand operating margins. I don't see anything that's preventing us from doing that. I mean, we're going to get some leverage we're doing a lot of investment activity right now. I kind of walked through that. And that's within CooperVision and within CooperSurgical also. So, we will get some leverage in that. We're just really building out right now in anticipation of some big years going forward, because just as I touched on with the MyDay capacity expansion and so forth, we see a lot of good things in the future. So, we're kind of getting ourselves ready so to speak in front of a lot of that. So, we'll get some leverage from some of that kind of activity. And I think when you look at products like PARAGARD, that's another one that we're going to get some pretty good operating margin improvement from a product like that because that has really a high operating margins.
Brian Andrews: Yes. And I guess just to add to that. I mean, we've talked about this in prior quarters around just how we kind of manage our key accounts really down to the operating margin levels. So, -- and as we continue to evolve in those relationships, I'd expect operating margins to improve. We've got some push and pull. I mean, we've got -- with rates going down even though that's great for interest expense; our pension service cost goes up. It runs counter to that. And -- but I think in general, I mean, Al's hit the nail on the head, were going to  well expect to see some expansion. But it's -- with the thinks we're doing, especially around also distribution where we said this year it's a little bit elevated and Id expect a little bit of leverage next year.
Robbie Marcus: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Steve Willoughby from Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Steve Willoughby: Hi. Good evening. Thanks for taking my questions. I've actually got three things for you. First a quick one Brian. Was there any M&A contribution in the quarter?
Brian Andrews: Not really. I mean it was -- when you look at last year, you had a couple million dollar positive and then a couple million dollar negative. So, the net impact was zero on a consolidated basis.
Steve Willoughby: Okay. And then secondly Al, more commentary that in the past on PARAGARD as it relates to price. What are your thinking on timing of potential price increases? And if you can remind us how much of a discount PARAGARD is to the hormonal competitors right now? And if you think you can bring that up to parity? And then I have one quick last one.
Al White: Yes, Steve. We bought that -- and Teva had done the price increase. Remember we talked about that, because there was kind of all the disruption in the channel and so forth as we worked through that. So, this will be the first price increase that we've done. So, we are very actively right now kind of going through and evaluating, where we stand and how the price increase rose through the P&L and when to do it. So I would expect something in the near future here in terms of price increase. We are priced below our competitors, who are in the hormonal side of that depending upon what product you look at it. I mean, it can be 15% or so kind of beneath them. There's a lot of different factors that go into that pricing. But there's certainly some room for us to take a decent increase in price and still be priced below them as one more tool kind of in the toolbox in order to be able to sell the product in addition to the fact that it's the only non-hormonal product in the market.
Steve Willoughby: Okay. And then just last thing for you, Brian, on the tax rate. I believe you said 10.5% for the fourth quarter. Doing my math that it looks like it implies about 7.5% for the full year which is actually flat to slightly down year-over-year. Am I thinking about that the right way because that adds based on my math kind of 10% to 15% -- $0.10 to $0.15 of EPS this year versus your guidance a quarter ago?
Brian Andrews: Yeah. That's right.
Steve Willoughby: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. I'm not showing any further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Al White, President and CEO for any closing remarks.
Al White: Thank you. Thank you for everyone who called in. I know we have our next call beginning in December, I think December 5, so I look forward to catching up with everyone. In the meantime, have a great long weekend and we'll talk soon. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-05-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to The Cooper Companies Inc. Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Ms. Kim Duncan, Vice President, Investor Relations and Administration. Ma'am, you may begin.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon and welcome to The Cooper Companies second quarter 2019 earnings conference call. During today's call, we will discuss the results included in the earnings release, along with updated guidance and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Al White, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Andrews, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Before I begin, I'd like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market or regulatory conditions and integration of any acquisitions or their failure to achieve anticipated benefits. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption forward-looking statements in today's earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including Cooper's Form 10-K, all of which are available on our website at coopercos.com. Should you have any additional questions following the call, please call our investor line at 925-460-3663 or e-mail ir@coopercos.com. And now I'll turn the call over to Al for his opening remarks.
Albert White: Thank you, Kim and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to our second quarter 2019 conference call. This was another solid quarter where we met the high expectations we set for ourselves as our momentum continued in both CooperVision and CooperSurgical. For the quarter, we reported $654.3 million in consolidated revenue, up 4% year-over-year or up 7% pro forma. CooperVision posted revenues of $484.2 million, up 4% as reported or up 8% pro forma. CooperSurgical posted revenues of $170.1 million, up 4% as reported or 6% pro forma. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $2.94. These strong results were driven by our market-leading products and strong operational execution and we expect this success to continue. For CooperVision, growth was seen throughout the world with the Americas up 5%; EMEA, 8%; and Asia-Pac, 14%, all pro forma. All three regions were led by our daily silicone hydrogel lenses, MyDay and clariti, which grew 34% pro forma. We also saw strength from Biofinity, especially Biofinity Energys, and with torics and multifocals being especially strong in EMEA and Asia-Pac. Our silicone hydrogel FRP or two-week and monthly lenses, Biofinity and Avaira, continued taking share growing 6%, while torics grew 7%, and multifocals grew 6%, all pro forma. Our specialty lens business which includes scleral lenses, ortho-k products and MiSight also posted strong pro forma growth of 35%. This part of our business is now on a run rate of roughly $55 million, and it's becoming a greater focus as we're increasing promotional activity and educational efforts to support our ongoing global rollout. Regarding MiSight, in particular, we'll be releasing a strong five-year clinical data tomorrow at the Annual BCLA conference, and I'm sure our myopia management presentations will be jam-packed. We're now selling MiSight in many parts of the world, including several European countries, Canada and a few Asia-Pac countries. And we're increasing our investment activity as demand for this product has really started accelerating. Regarding the U.S. market, I'm not going to go into any detail other than to say we're working with the FDA, and we'll provide updates at the appropriate time. Overall, the specialty lens business is a very exciting area given its growth potential, but also for the halo effect we expect we'll see in our other products. Moving back to the quarter, we're continuing to invest in support of independent practitioners and key accounts. These investments are centered around customized product offerings and infrastructure upgrades such as enhancing our distribution and packaging capabilities, along with upgrading our internal support functions. This includes opening and expanding multiple distribution facilities, expanding manufacturing locations, upgrading IT systems, improving customer service and increasing the use of automation. These are critical efforts for our long-term success as it's important we build a proper infrastructure to support the many years of growth in front of us. Regarding key accounts, our efforts and investments with these large relationships continue to support CooperVision's growth, but are also helping our partners to grow their overall contact lens businesses with a focus on retaining customers. These efforts include a heightened focus on in-store sales, education, advertising, and important sales hires. These sophisticated buyers appreciate this focused activity, which targets increasing their overall optometry sales by helping ensure outlets cross-sell contact lenses and glasses or to reduce contact lens dropout rates, fit the best lenses for each situation and get supported as they expand geographically. Now, before finishing on CooperVision, let me highlight a few items on the global soft contact lens market, along with addressing some important points on why dailies are driving the market's growth and why that should continue for many years. On a trailing 12-month basis, the market grew 7% to $8.6 billion with the primary growth driver being dailies growing 12%, and within that category, daily silicones growing 32%. The market is well on its way to its third consecutive year of growing over 5%, driven by several factors, including the shift to silicone hydrogel dailies, the increasing incidence of myopia, geographic expansion, and growth in torics and multifocals. To expand on dailies, remember that only around 25% of wearers are in dailies, which means there's a lot of trade-up opportunity, and that's happening naturally as optometrists continue educating patients on the health benefits and convenience of these lenses. When you consider this trade-up in the context that dailies generate two to three times more revenue per patient than FRP wearers for the manufacturer, it's a powerful trend. Additionally, a wearer trading up from a hydrogel daily to a silicone hydrogel daily generates a roughly 20% premium, and current market statistics support a powerful trend here also with only 39% of dailies sales being in silicones. To put that in context, 82% of FRP sales are in silicones, and we believe these percentages will ultimately be similar as pricing comes in line, which we're seeing with offerings such as clariti. So clearly, a lot of reasons to be optimistic about the future of the contact lens market. And when you add the fact that CooperVision's market share within dailies is only 18% compared to roughly 31% within the FRP space, you could see why we're very bullish on our future given our strong daily silicone hydrogel portfolio, which currently holds a 27% market share and is growing nicely. The key for us is to continue executing to keep the momentum we have in our recent results, and the strong New Fit Data clearly indicates we're on the right track. Moving to CooperSurgical, we reported revenues of $170.1 million, up 6% pro forma. Our office and surgical business grew 7% pro forma with stronger-than-expected results from PARAGARD, which grew 11%. This means over the last five quarters, PARAGARD has grown 11%, 9%, 20%, 10%, and now 11%, so not too shabby. As many of you know, PARAGARD is the only non-hormonal IUD in the U.S. market. And since purchasing the product roughly 18 months ago, we've essentially relaunched it by building on a new salesforce, offering physician training and implementing a broad marketing plan, which has included television ads, print material, and social media. With the U.S. IUD market now slightly over $1 billion in annual revenues and PARAGARD being only around 17% market share, we believe there exists significant opportunity for future growth, and we'll be investing accordingly. Outside of PARAGARD, our office and surgical business grew 3%, and fertility grew 5%, both pro forma. Office and surgical had a solid quarter with strong growth in several product lines such as uterine manipulators and surgical retractors, although a decline in OEM and EndoSee sales offset some of these gains. Regarding EndoSee, customers reduced their inventory levels in anticipation of the next-generation product, which is being launched next month. The pre-commercialization feedback, which includes clinical cases, has been very positive, including noticeable excitement from physicians at the ACA conference earlier this month. So, we're confident we'll see a rebound in EndoSee as a new version hits the market. Regarding fertility, our performance was led by double-digit growth in our consumables portfolio, which includes products like IVF media. We continue to see a lot of strength in this part of our portfolio and expect it to continue. This strength was offset by our genomics business, which had its last tough year-over-year. Overall, we continue to believe the global fertility market has fantastic long-term potential, and we are dedicated to remaining a market leader. With that, we're continuing to invest in our infrastructure, including hiring additional sales reps and building out our educational offerings such as the recent opening of six new Centers of Excellence located around the world, which are now busy training fertility specialists. Outside of the commercial part of CooperSurgical, I'm happy to announce we're ramping up production in our new Costa Rica manufacturing facility. Production is still relatively light, but we're in the process of relocating additional lines, along with breaking ground and tripling the size of the building to create a state-of-the-art location which will include the most technologically advanced fertility manufacturing operation in the world. We accelerated activity into this past quarter to get this project completed quicker and that's creating some disruption, which Brian will discuss, but we want to get this activity completed over the next year as its key to our long-term success. Now, before concluding, I want to briefly mention our recent activity around corporate responsibility. I'm proud to say that CooperVision's Costa Rica manufacturing facility was recently awarded the prestigious LEED Silver certification for its environmentally conscious design and operation, and that our Rochester, New York operations are now fully powered by 100% renewable electricity. We're advancing our corporate responsibility efforts around the world, including increasing our focus on the environment, improving local support for the communities in which we operate, and supporting the UN Sustainable Development Goals. And we're having success. Our employees are the driver of these efforts, and I'd like to conclude by thanking them for their hard work and dedication which makes this all possible. And I'll now turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Andrews: Thank you, Al and good afternoon everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to today's earnings release for a full reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. Al covered revenues, so I'll focus on the rest of the financials and guidance. Consolidated gross margins for the quarter were 67.3%, down from 68.3% last year, driven by the negative impact of currency. CooperVision's gross margins were 66.5%, down from 67.5% last year due to currency. Excluding currency, operational positives, such as product mix, were offset by higher rebates and certain higher internal handling costs which we've discussed before. CooperSurgical's gross margin declined to 69.6%, down from 70.5% as the benefits from higher PARAGARD sales were more than offset by operational inefficiencies and challenges associated with the transfer of production to our new Costa Rica manufacturing facility. Consolidated operating expenses grew 4.6% in the quarter, driven by increased investing in global sales and marketing in both CooperVision and CooperSurgical. Of note was an item we discussed last quarter, which was a significant increase in CooperSurgical sales and marketing expenses associated with promotional activities, especially television advertising around PARAGARD. Outside of this, expenses were kept fairly in line with revenue growth. Operating margins declined to 27.1% versus 28.5% last year primarily due to currency. Below operating income, we reported an $18.5 million of interest expense and an effective tax rate of 7.5%. The tax rate was positively impacted by excess tax benefits received from the exercising of stock options and favorable internal restructuring activities. Non-GAAP EPS for the quarter was $2.94, with roughly 50 million average shares outstanding. Free cash flow was $162.1 million comprised of $214.8 million of operating cash flow, offset by $52.7 million of CapEx. Net debt decreased by $164 million to $1.825 billion and our adjusted leverage ratio declined to slightly under two times. Moving to guidance, we're updating our revenue outlook to incorporate Q2 results and the negative impact from currency. On a consolidated basis, fiscal 2019 revenue guidance is now $2.633 billion to $2.667 billion. This includes increasing the midpoint of CooperVision's pro forma growth by moving a range up to 7% to 8% pro forma or $1.964 billion to $1.985 billion, reflecting what we believe will be continuing momentum even against tough comps in the back half of the year. The midpoint of CooperSurgical's revenue guidance is also being increased to 4% to 6% pro forma or $669 million to $682 million. Outside of revenues, we expect consolidated gross margins to improve slightly year-over-year with CooperVision expected to post similar year-over-year margins in Q3, but then a year-over-year improvement in Q4 driven mainly by currency. With respect to CooperSurgical, we expect the inefficiencies associated with the transfer of production to Costa Rica to remain for the remainder of the year, but still expect gross margins in Q3 and Q4 to be similar to last year with sales mix and other manufacturing efficiencies offsetting the impact. Consolidated operating margins are expected to be up slightly for the full year. Interest expense is forecasted to be around $69 million as we're expecting strong free cash flow in the back half of the year and no additional rate hikes by the Fed. For taxes, we're expecting a full year effective tax rate of around 8.5%, which reflects the lower Q2 we just reported and expectations for slightly lower rates in the back half of the year. Incorporating all of this, we're increasing our full year non-GAAP EPS guidance range to $12.15 to $12.35 which reflects the positive impact of tax and interest, offset by currency. On a constant currency basis, this would be a year-over-year earnings growth of 11% to 13%. To add a little more color on our guidance. Currency has recently moved against us, and we're forecasting a negative year-over-year impact of $66 million on revenue and $0.62 on EPS. Since last quarter's earnings guidance, currency is $11 million worse on revenues and $0.15 worse on earnings. These assumptions are based on current rates, including the euro at $1.11, the pound at $1.26 and the yen at JPY110. Note that we're forecasting some core operating profitability improvements associated with the constant currency increase in our revenues, but we'll be reinvesting this back into the business with a focus on MiSight and PARAGARD. Regarding quarterly gating, we expect Q4 EPS to be higher than Q3, driven by the currency impact to those respective quarters. And with that, I'll hand it back to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Larry Keusch with Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Lawrence Keusch: Thank you. Good afternoon everyone. Al, I guess two questions, just to start with. So, if my math is right, you need about 6.5% CVI growth in the second half to get you to the midpoint of the guidance, and that may actually not be taking into account some of the changes you just made. I did that math before you did that. But I guess the point is you do have tougher comps, so what gives you the confidence that you can actually grow up in that 6.5%, 7% range to get you to the guidance?
Albert White: Yes. Larry, good question. We do have confidence in that. I mean we have pretty good momentum in the business. We obviously have started this quarter off already, so taking our expectations for this quarter and putting that also into our assumptions around the guidance. So I think when you look at good start to the second half of this year here, good momentum in the business, a lot of the trends that are -- that have been driving our business, and our market share gains are continuing around the daily silicone hydrogel side, especially. When you look at those factors, our expectations that we actually think the Americas is going to get a little stronger in the back half of the year as we've now annualized some of that rebate activity. When you roll that altogether, that gives us some confidence that we'll be able to put up some pretty good results in Q3 and Q4.
Lawrence Keusch: Okay. And then just quickly switching gears to cash flow. So, it's about $185 million at the first half. I think you are looking for free cash flow that could potentially approach $500 million. So, again, I want to just check in on sort of your thoughts around the annual free cash flow generation. And to the extent that it does need to again accelerate in the second half of the year, what drives that?
Albert White: Yes. I think we will have pretty strong free cash flow in the back half of the year. If you look at our free cash flow typically by quarter throughout the year, you'll see a lot of strength in the back half of the year. So, that's very common for us. As our revenues ramp-up and profits come up then cash flow really comes into the business. So, I anticipate that will happen again. Whether we to get to $500 million or similar to last year, that'll depend largely on CapEx. We're doing a lot of buildout right now, especially associated with new daily lines. So, it'll depend when the check goes out the door for that. But I would say if we just run our business as we have historically, you'll see strong free cash flow in Q3 and Q4 and some pretty -- by default right now, some pretty significant pay-down in debt. 
Lawrence Keusch: Okay, perfect. Thanks guys.
Albert White: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Lawrence Biegelsen: Hey guys. Thanks for taking the questions. One on tax, one on growth in CVI next year, just a little color commentary. So, just on the tax rate, Al or Brian, why has the tax rate been so much lower than expected in 2019? How much of that is the stock-based comp versus the restructuring that you mentioned, Brian? And how do we think about the tax rate beyond 2019? And I'll just ask my follow-up now. Al, you're guiding to 7% to 8% CVI growth in fiscal 2019, and obviously, you have some new competition coming into the silicone hydrogel daily disposable market next year. How should we think about Cooper being able to maintain above-market growth? How confident are you, you can continue to take share? And what gives you that confidence? Thanks for taking the questions guys.
Brian Andrews: Hi Larry, its Brian here. Yes, so on the tax side, our internal expectations for Q2 were around 12.5%. Now, we ended at 7.5% for the quarter. So, that 5%, I'd say, around two-thirds of that was related to stock-based comps, so stock options and so forth. About a third of that was internal tax restructuring. So, we talked about that a little bit last quarter. There were a few different components that lowered our tax rate down to 2.5% or so. One of those being the internal tax planning and supply chain planning that we did towards the end of last year that really was going to have only an impact on this fiscal year. So, we underestimated some of that impact, and so we actually are getting a bit more of a benefit than we anticipated from that restructuring and so that was about a third and then the rest was options.
Albert White: And Brian, beyond 2019, how do we -- should we still think about 14%, is that still a good number?
Brian Andrews: Yes, that's still a good number. I mean right now, there's a lot of pressure upwards on that effective tax rate. But I think until we get to the end of the year when we provide new guidance, we're sticking with the 14%.
Lawrence Biegelsen: Okay. And Al, on the second question?
Albert White: Yes. You're right, a little competition coming here soon on the daily silicone hydrogel side. Frankly, at the end of the day, I think what you're going to end up seeing because of that is Alcon launches it, depending upon how they launch, what their strategies are and so forth with PRECISION 1, they'll trade up some of their DACP wearers. And that's probably $800 million, $900 million in sales. So, as I was talking earlier, that's a 20% trade-up or somewhere in that kind of range is how we look at it. I'm sure it's the same for them, maybe higher depending upon their price points and so forth. So, I think that what you're going to see is them doing a little bit better. That's going to help the overall market do better. And I feel pretty decent that you're going to see market growth next year of 5%, 6% again, somewhere in that kind of range, maybe even a touch higher. With respect to us in that market, we'll continue to do with we're doing. Selling into key accounts and being successful, selling into independent practitioners around the world, being successful, all focused on our daily silicone hydrogel business where we have true strength right now, where we're taking a lot of market share. So, continuing to do that and winning some market share out there and continuing to grow those type of big accounts is what's going to push us. At the end of the day, I feel pretty confident about that. I mean the trends that are in place and the factors that are driving our growth should continue even if there's a little bit of competitive strength that comes in.
Lawrence Biegelsen: Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Anthony Petrone with Jefferies. Your line is now open
Anthony Petrone: Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe just going back to CVI, a couple questions there. Just the dailies print in the quarter was a little bit better than we were expecting, and that's based obviously -- has been stable for quite some time. But we're hearing that eventually, there could be a new product entering that space, specifically in the value category. So, maybe just an update on dailies, a little bit more color on the combination of MyDay and clariti and what you're seeing on the competitive front.
Albert White: Yes, I'll tell you, one thing that I'm happy about -- definitely happy about and keeps me excited is the New Fit Data. I talked about that in the past. It's not always necessarily the best data when you talk about GfK, and it's not covering everyone. But we've had a long history and good trend information that we pick up from New Fit Data and it's very positive in our favor right now. So, we are definitely winning new wearers that are coming into the marketplace, and that focuses heaviest on the dailies side. So, as long as we continue to stay in front of the competition, right, driving our cost down, getting our products out into the marketplace, making them available, keeping the broadest portfolio of clariti, the sphere or toric or multifocal, making sure that those lenses are available to everybody and working around our customized offerings that I talked about, the customized labeling and branding and doing store names and so forth -- store brands and so forth, I think we're going to continue to do well. So, I'd anticipate very strong continued growth in our daily silicone hydrogel franchise.
Anthony Petrone: Maybe just a quick follow-up would be on MiSight. You're heading to BCLA tomorrow. Just wondering if we should expect any data or presentations on MiSight. And maybe looking deeper into the calendar, what is the updated expectation for potentially entering with that product at some point? Thanks.
Albert White: Yes, I have to tell you, I am really excited about MiSight. The interest in that product has been growing around the world. I mean we sell it now. We're almost $1 million -- we're almost did $1 million this past quarter in MiSight, and it's growing dramatically. I guess, if anything, you can kind of look at it as a little bit of a plus-minus. I mean we're pulling in quite a few dollars, quite a few expenses into this year to promote that product through advertising and educational purposes. And we're probably going to spend a decent amount more next year as we get out there. So you're going to see five-year data presented at BCLA. It's fantastic data. It shows that, that product is successful. We are clearly a market leader when it comes to myopia management, and we need to stay in that position. So, I'm pretty excited about MiSight. I think there's a lot of future potential on that. And I'd also say it's not only that myopia management side, but it's also the halo effect that we get from that. We are going to be the premier company out there when it comes to myopia management, and I think that'll help us on some of our other products. So, really excited to roll that out, figure out how to best commercialize that product and capitalize on it.
Anthony Petrone: Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Matt O'Brien with Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi good afternoon, this is JP on for Matt. Thank you for taking the questions. I wanted to touch first on just -- I think you mentioned in the gross margin commentary, the higher rebate activity. So, I'd love to get your view on maybe what's driving that competitively, and is that something that we should think about as kind of here to stay for the rest of this year?
Albert White: Yes, with respect to the rebate activity, that's the U.S. market is really what we're talking about. And that came to life a few years ago. It's -- fortunately, it seems to have settled out here, and if anything, we're starting to see -- looks like some price come back into the market. We had some price increases, and we've had rebates flatten out, and we're actually analyzing rebates right now. So, we'll see if it's here to stay or how that'll play out. I mean at the end of day, rebates have been around for a long time. It's just a matter of; they were increased pretty significantly, especially associated with dailies. So, we'll see how that plays out. But I would say for now at least, a little bit of optimism there in terms of rebate activity leveling off and maybe pricing starting to move up.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, that's helpful. And then just if I could, one on PARAGARD. I mean you guys have been making some investments there on the DTC side that you alluded to earlier, and 11% growth is great. And so do you ramp up further investing on that side to continue that or I mean how do you measure success? And where do you want to -- how much do you want to spend to keep growing that faster, if you can?
Albert White: Yes. I mean to me, mostly success ends up being defined by our revenues, how successful are we doing. And your next question is, okay, how much is it costing us to get those revenues, and is the return sufficient to do that? Clearly, when it comes to the salespeople, when it comes to the print advertising, the social media, all that kind of stuff, no question, that's a no-brainer. When it comes to TV advertising, we have seen some success from that. The question right now that we're really looking at is what's the return on that? So, yes, we are getting improved unit sales associated with all of that activity, including the TV advertising, but is the TV advertising, which is fairly expensive, generating a sufficient return? So, we ran ads for quite a while. We've kind of taken a pause on that as we evaluate how things are going. You can see in the numbers things are going well. The team there is just doing a fantastic job. I was just in Trumbull, I couldn't be happier with the success we have there. We are going to continue to invest there in a multitude of different areas. So, I would say, hey, at the end of the day, you're going to see investments continue. I don't know how much TV advertising you'll see, but if it makes sense, we're going to continue to do it. And we're optimistic we can continue to put up some pretty good growth numbers in PARAGARD.
Unidentified Analyst: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Joanne Wuensch: Good afternoon. Can you hear me okay?
Brian Andrews: Yes.
Albert White: Hey Joanne.
Joanne Wuensch: Hey, how are you doing? I want to focus a little bit on the key accounts. That's been an area of investment this past; let's call it, six to 12 months. Can you give us an update on how that is going, and how you're measuring it, and how we should think -- if your commentary to the previous question was to get a fair amount of investments still in PARAGARD, does this level of investment in these accounts remain also?
Albert White: Yes, so I mean no question, key accounts are a very important part of our business. And when you look at several of the key accounts, which are outside of the U.S., we do have unquestionably a heightened focus there. The strategy, again, revolves around a partnership. We want to be partners with these guys, we want to help them grow their overall contact lens business, and we want to help them retain our customers. So, our focus is saying, hey, how can we help you do that? We have some market-leading products that we can do customized solutions for you, again, be it putting your name on there or some sort of labeling, shipping, packaging, and so forth. How can we help you grow your overall contact lens business and retain your customer base? And we want to do that in conjunction with them in the long-term. So, we'd like to enter into longer term contracts and have that partnership be successful. We've had success doing that. Our intent right now is to continue to invest in that, whether that's incremental dollars supporting them or salespeople or so forth. A lot of the investments we have right now were initial investments, setting up some of the teams and so forth, so we'll start to leverage some of that activity. But you're going to continue to see a decent amount of investment dollars going into key accounts as we think that'll be a driver -- a continuing driver of our market share gains.
Joanne Wuensch: Thank you. And then my second question is how should we think about gross margins going forward? Clearly, a little pressure in the next couple of quarters from foreign exchange, but when that sort of rolls off, should we be in an expansion mode once again? Thanks.
Brian Andrews: Yes. So, -- hi Joanne, its Brian here. So, we -- during my script, I mentioned that gross margins were going to be slightly up year-over-year. We still have some of those pressures on margins with rebates, and freight and secondary handling, and some obsolescence that I talked about in the past. Certainly, our expectations, we haven't -- we're not ready to give guidance for next year, but I have my expectations that they would improve year-over-year next year as well. But I think as we get to next year, I think some of the things like freight and secondary handling start to subside a little bit, hopefully, rebates level off a little bit. So, I think gross margins should improve.
Joanne Wuensch: Thank you and have a great evening.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jon Block with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Jonathan Block: Great. Thanks guys. Good afternoon. First one, Brian, for you, and sorry if I missed this, but maybe just a quick reconciliation on the EPS guidance. So, it looks like the midpoint comes up by $0.25. FX, I believe, you said was an incremental negative $0.15 relative to last quarter. And tax seems like an incremental $0.35 tailwind, I believe, relative to last quarter. So, is that fair, call it, those two items are net plus 20, with ops maybe plus 5? If you could just comment on that.
Albert White: Yes, I mean you're directionally there. I mean you're right on the FX. It was a $0.15 detriment. If you go from, let's say, around 11% to 8.5%, that 2.5% is around $0.33. I think you mentioned $0.35. So, we've got around $0.33. And then there's an interest expense benefit going down to $69 million, which is about $0.07. Now, I mentioned in my script -- in my prepared remarks that we were going to be reinvesting some of the operational positives back into the business, including in myopia management and PARAGARD. So that $0.25 is really tax, FX and interest. 
Jonathan Block: Sure. Perfect. Thanks for that. And then just to shift gears, sort of bigger picture, can you comment on maybe what percent of your corporate accounts are offering -- call it, all your main sight high modalities or lenses. In other words, sort of Biofinity, MyDay and clariti. So, what percent are offering the main lenses there? And then what's the opportunity to expand that over the next 12-plus months? Thanks.
Albert White: Yes, good question. Yes, the majority of them are offering our products right now. Now they might be offering some of them as store brands or they might be offering some of them as branded products, and the same key accounts, so to speak, could be offering both underneath their portfolio of products. So, I think from that perspective, we have good relationships with most everyone around the world. Where are a lot of the opportunity still exists is that we're more successful with some of these products with the key accounts such as Biofinity. So, we have a lot of success there. We don't have as much success with some of the daily silicone hydrogel products, where a lot of those key accounts still sell a lot of traditional hydrogel daily lenses. That shift is moving to silicone hydrogel daily lenses, and that's obvious be a positive for us. So, as that shift is happening, that's where we're talking to a lot of these guys saying, hey, you know us. You like us. We do a lot of business together in the FRP space. Let's increase the business that we do on a daily silicone hydrogel space because, guys we know what we're doing. And we can bring all the same benefits and value that we bring to you in the FRP space to you on the daily silicone hydrogel space.
Jonathan Block: Perfect, got it. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Chris Cooley with Stephens. Your line is now open.
Chris Cooley: Good afternoon and thanks for taking the questions. Just from me at this point, maybe, Al, you could touch on PARAGARD. And I'm curious, do you think that you're taking share from the hormonal aspect of the category? Or when you look at the growth cadence that you've been able to put up over the last four quarters, is the category starting to expand? Really just trying to get at how you see this overall category over the next two to three years. And I've got one quick follow-up after that.
Albert White: Yes, it's a good question, Chris. The category is expanding, so we're doing well. That's for sure. And a lot of that is just, as you know, getting out there and talking about the product and reminding people. I mean we've basically relaunched it to remind people, hey, there's a great product out there. There's a non-hormonal option out there that you may not be aware of. And we're growing and arguably growing a little bit faster from a unit perspective, at least, than the overall IUD market is. But I'm happy to say that if you look at the U.S. IUD market itself, it's growing. So, are we taking a little bit of share? Maybe. But at the end of day, the entire market is growing, and that's the good thing.
Chris Cooley: Super. And then maybe just bouncing over then to CVI real quick. When you think about just structurally the portfolio for dailies, are we correct in assuming that you should be able to achieve a higher end-market share than what you've seen in FRPs just we think about breadth of product, the unique positioning there, maybe the timing of these product launches? And then within that, could you maybe contrast for us new fit growth on dailies between key accounts and maybe like traditional channel? I'm just trying to see if you're being more leverage in that regard. Thanks so much.
Albert White: Yes. The second one is a little tough to get kind of that granular of data. I would say we're doing very well in the kind of independent practitioner market, if you will, and we're also doing really well in the key account market, but hard to get too much detail on that. When I look at some of these numbers, though, we have 18% market share in the dailies and 31% market share in FRPs. What's interesting is we have 27% market share in dailies silicones. So, that 18%, in my mind, clearly goes towards the 27%. Now, the 27% is also growing nicely. We were a little late to the game. The 27% is growing nicely and quite a bit faster than market also. So, ultimately, do we get to the 31% that we have in FRPs? Or do we get ahead of that? I mean I personally happen to think we get ahead of that. The 31% is growing also. But I'll tell you what, it's one hell of a long-term growth story if that 18% we have right now goes up to 31% or so. I mean that is pretty significant market share gains and very strong growth for, I don't know, that's probably 10 years' worth of incredibly strong growth to get pretty excited about. So, yes, I mean you could tell, I'm remaining pretty bullish on that.
Chris Cooley: Super. Thanks so much.
Albert White: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jeff Johnson with Baird. Your line is now open.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Good afternoon guys. Can you hear me okay?
Albert White: Yes, hey Jeff.
Jeff Johnson: Hey Al. So, MiSight, I haven't had asked the question before on MiSight, but I've been surprised over maybe the last few months to six months or so how much interest seems to be blowing up even here in the U.S. on myopia control and how many docs I'm talking to who are really excited for products in that category. So, I guess a couple questions. You guys are moving that out of the ECP channel. You're going into some retail accounts in Europe, whether that's boots, I'm hearing one in Spain as well. It seems like you're just making the process very easy, very efficient for these docs. So, one, how do you think that's going to help with the adoption in the near-term? How big could that product be in the near-term? And then in the U.S., do you have to go through a full, like multiyear clinical trial? Can you use European, number one? Or it's kind of a bifocal lens. Is there really going to be a high bar to just get that approved sooner rather than later in the U.S.?
Albert White: Yes, I'll tell you, in the U.S., that's one where, as I kind of said in the script, right, I've just held off saying. So, right now, we're talking to the FDA, and we'll update on that as we get some more information. I mean no surprise. I agree with you and your commentary on that. But let's see how some of those discussions play out. And as soon as we can, we'll update people on that. But I will echo your comments because I've kind of been surprised also about how much demand there's been around MiSight. I mean we've been holding some of these myopia management conferences, and we'll do more at BCLA. And it's like, it's standing room only. I mean people can't even get into the presentations. Like, we're doing presentations and then having to go do separate presentations. And we're doing our own CooperVision presentations, and they're just jam-packed. So the interest in myopia management is just absolutely fantastic, and we're seeing the adoption rates shoot up. Now, there is that issue. I mean we're probably pulling forward, I don't know, I mean it could be $3 million, $4 million in expenses into this year as we look at the educational side and the promotional side of the market because we need market statistics and so forth also. And we're talking about that not only in the U.S. as we prep, but worldwide. So, we're doing a lot of work on that right now. I mean we have the best product in a marketplace, in my opinion. And that's clear. I mean we have strong four-year clinical data. We're going to be coming out with great five-year clinical data. We're the only ones out there. So we just need to work with the some of these guys and figure out, hey, what's the best way to sell this lens? Because keep in mind, you're talking about starting with kids as young as eight years old. So, it's not only fitting the child, it's also talking to their parents and the education of the parents. I mean we want to educate the optometrists and work with them to ensure they have the latest clinical information. We want to ensure the parents are knowledgeable. You want to do the fitting. While you have -- one of the reasons you see a lot of the big retailers -- so a lot of -- any optometrist excited by the product is because you're talking about something that's a game changer. I mean it's like revolutionary, so to speak. I mean there's an amazing number of people who are myopic and that percentage of people with myopia continues to increase. And if we can get in there and really change that and reduce the progression of myopia, I mean, not only is that just absolutely fantastic. You have to add on top of that, that's a child coming back into the optometrist much more frequently, which they like, obviously. They're seeing the parents; they're seeing the family members and so forth. They're tied in closer. You have a child who's going to be in contact lenses for a much longer period of time, and this isn't just contact lenses. They can also sell glasses to the kids and other people. And so there's a whole kind of industry, if you will, that's just starting to percolate right now around myopia management. So, it's pretty exciting. But I will agree with you, Jeff, and kind of echo that. I've been even surprised over the last three, six months how much interest there is in this product right now and in myopia management in general.
Jeff Johnson: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And then just last question. Just China tariffs, anything to talk about with the latest round here of increases? And just remind me, can you source everything out of Costa Rica or the U.K. that might be needed in China? And is the move of the CSI manufacturing to Costa Rica, is that just a long-term cost play? Is it a long-term risk mitigation? Or is there anything China tariff-related there? Because I think you do have some China exposure through the fertility business, if I remember right.
Albert White: Yes, I'll comment and then let Brian jump in. The CooperSurgical move that is not China-related. We actually started out a little while ago. So, that's more bring everything under one roof, cost contain it, manufacturing, efficiency improvements. Because we had a number of facilities around the world through some of the acquisitions that we've done. So, that was not China-related. It may be a China benefit, ultimately, but not China-related. Within CooperVision, I think if you see something that's more permanent in terms of these tariffs, maybe we'll take a look at shifting some of our manufacturing. I mean we do have fairly significant manufacturing in Costa Rica, in Budapest, in the U.K. Obviously, Puerto Rico, U.S., that's another big location. But we could shift manufacturing if need be, if you will. So, we'll see how some of that plays out. I don't know if you want to add something?
Brian Andrews: Yes. I'll just add to the financial aspects of it. This year, we're projecting somewhere in the neighborhood of $2 million to $2.5 million worth of impact from the China tariffs between CooperVision and CooperSurgical. Next year, we would estimate it to be somewhere between $4 million and $5 million. So it's -- CooperSurgical has very small sales into China. We've got a little bit of manufacturing there that's contributes to it. And then like Al said, our U.S.-made products, including Puerto Rico, for CooperVision results in some tariffs. So, -- but in the grand scheme of things, it's very small.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Matthew Mishan with KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Matthew Mishan: Great and thank you for taking the questions. Hey Al, I know we're not consumer analysts, but it just seems like we're more broadly hearing mixed things around the U.S. consumer lately. And I would say your Americas number is good, but it's probably more modest than we would expect it given where the daily penetration is in the U.S. Are you seeing any change in consumer behavior? And then also, just can you remind us, it's been a long time since there's been any kind of slowdown at all. When the consumer did get weaker previously in the past, how did that end up translating to contact lens per se?
Albert White: Yes, I think one of the problems -- the biggest problem with the U.S. market has been the rebate activity. When rebates really shot up by all of us, you had people buying a year's supply of lenses in order to get those big rebates. And a year's supply of lenses could be 15 months' or 16 months' worth of actual wearing, right, because people don't necessarily wear their lenses every single day. So, you had a lot of lenses kind of move into the market, move on people's shelves and so forth. So, I think that's part of it. The other thing about the U.S. market is you don't get really wear growth. I mean -- and I'm talking about the number of people in contact lenses. So, we are seeing wearer growth around the world. There is -- there are new wearers coming into contact lenses, and that's fantastic. But that's not part of the U.S. market. So, I kind of agree with you. Like, I've been a little disappointed in the U.S. market growth or the Americas, hoping it would have been a little bit stronger. I think personally, CooperVision will do a little bit better in the back half of the year, so I feel good about that. But I think the U.S. market may end up at the end of the day being more of a 4% or 5% kind of grower than what you're going to see Asia-Pac and some regions that are stronger. If you look historically, if you kind of go back a little bit, you talk about recessions and market softness, I mean, the market's been growing north of 5% for a while, but if you go back to like -- I mean 2008 -- I've pulled some stats, as a matter fact, so I happen to have them handy. 2008, the contact lens market grew 6%, and then we move kind of into the recession. In 2009, the market overall grew 3%. And then in 2010, it bounced back up to 6%. So we're pretty recessionary-resistant. A lot of that is because of the trade-up and so forth you see, but it's also tied to the fact that there's global growth. So we're seeing wearers come into the market around the world. Outside of the U.S., you're seeing good growth in torics and multifocals as people are "fit" more correctly. The conversion to dailies and daily silicone hydrogel helps and so forth. So, we're pretty recession-resistant. And I mean even if you look at 2009, again, it's a pretty bad market back then. The contact lens market grew 3%, and we grew 5%.
Matthew Mishan: Okay, awesome. And then have you factored in any benefit or pull-forward into this fourth quarter from the Japanese VAT tax that's scheduled to come in, in October?
Albert White: That's a really good question. The answer to that is no, we have not included any pull-forward on that. We talked about that right now and whether we should because we had that happen a few years ago, and we did see a decent buy in. So, I would certainly say if that tax does indeed happen, I think we'd probably get a pull in, and I think it'd probably strengthen our numbers in Q4. History would indicate, right, that, that goes the other way in Q1. So, I think at the end of the day, we'll comment on that at the end of August. But if all holds true, it wouldn't surprise me if we took up our Q4 numbers associated with that, but then also kind of indicate that, hey, Q1 might be a little bit softer because of that.
Matthew Mishan: All right. Thanks Al.
Albert White: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Chris Pasquale with Guggenheim. Your line is now open.
Chris Pasquale: Thanks. Al, you rattled off a strong PARAGARD results, and there's now been a number of quarters where you've seen that. Are you ready at this point to change how you're thinking about the sustainable growth there? And I know it sounded like you were maybe thinking about pulling back on some of the promotional spend. So, what do you think the steady state growth for that franchise looks like at this point?
Albert White: Yes, I mean I'm probably a little thickheaded on that one, but the teams pounded me enough times here the growth's been strong enough. But it's better than what I thought it was going to be. And we're pulling back a little bit, as I said, in some TV advertising as we evaluate the cost benefit of that. But I do think that -- to kind of comfortably look at PARAGARD as a mid-single-digit grower with certainly the potential, as we've seen, to move to the upper single-digits. That's probably a decent way to look at it right now based on where the market's going and our investment activity. So, yes, we'll continue to invest in that, and we'll continue to drive it. I mean we're seeing actual units increase, and the team behind that is just doing a fantastic job.
Chris Pasquale: And then SG&A spend came in light of what we were expecting. You guys, on the last call, had highlighted pull-forward in the spending that you thought would occur this quarter. Did that end up taking place? Or is that still to come?
Albert White: No, no, no, that did take place. That took place. I'll tell you why. You look at the P&L, like, you go through it this quarter, I mean if you're -- you just love it. I love -- I think that CooperVision, I mean -- guys just killed it, man. Like, I mean, you're talking about spending a bunch on sales and marketing, going out there, hiring salespeople, promotional activity, marketing activity, and leveraging your customer service, and your distribution, G&A, and so forth. And surgical had -- clearly had more investments, especially around sales and marketing with PARAGARD. But no, the -- it's just frankly a really, really nice job by the team in terms of controlling expenses. And the expenses that we do have, putting them in the right places, such as sales and marketing, to drive long-term sustainable revenue growth.
Chris Pasquale: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Robbie Marcus: Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe one on FX for Brian and more of a strategic one for Al. First, on FX, can you run through what it was on gross margin and EPS in the quarter, what you're thinking on gross margin for the balance of the year?
Brian Andrews: Sure. We don't typically get into gross margins, but as you know, the pound and the HUF, they flow through cost of goods in a six-month lag. So, for this year, the remainder of this year, we're seeing a reduction in cost of goods from improvements year-over-year in the pound and HUF. On the revenue side, I mentioned in my prepared remarks, it was about $26 million negative. So, it was a small -- there was a small benefit from cost of goods, but for the remainder of the year, you're going to see sort of a small benefit in cost of goods and about 37% of that $66 million kind of hitting between Q3 and Q4, with a bigger impact in Q3.
Robbie Marcus: Got it. And Al, we have competition potentially coming later this year in the mass-market daily. I know this has been a topic of discussion for a very long time. What's your latest thinking in terms of -- I've heard you say in the past people have it wrong. It could actually be a big benefit for the industry as everybody targets these users and brings them up the curve in terms of mix and product. What's your latest thinking in how it relates to you here with your competitors coming with these products?
Albert White: Yes, I think at the end of the day, this is one of those situations where a lot of the trends are lifting the water level, so to speak, lifting all boats. So, as some of the competitors come with new products, I think that will improve our numbers. I would expect them to post better results. History would indicate that they'll have their own issues about expanding capacity and being capacity constrained, and need to get new lines on and so forth. But I would expect it'll improve our numbers. Again, I would say history indicates and current trends and Fit Data and so forth indicates we'll continue to do fine. And you'll see the market actually tick up a little bit and you'll see our growth rates continue to be strong. So, my current thinking still holds there that a new product or a couple of new products hitting the market should help the overall market growth rate, but not be at the detriment of some of the other players.
Robbie Marcus: Appreciate it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Steve Willoughby: Hi, good evening. Just a couple of quick questions for you at this point. First, Brian, you mentioned you're expecting $69 million in interest expenses here. What was that number previously?
Brian Andrews: That's 73-ish -- around $73 million.
Steve Willoughby: Okay. And I just -- Al, I was wondering if you could provide a little bit more color on where you guys stand on a couple of items, some of the investment spending you're doing as it relates to kind of distribution centers. In the past, you've talked about some inventory and equipment write-offs. Just was wondering if we're through those. And how much longer this kind of distribution center buildout goes -- continues from here.
Albert White: Yes, I mean -- yes, we talked about that in Q4. I remember that's when it kind of first hit, and we were talking about how it'd run through this year and it has. I mean -- so we had in Q1 -- I think Brian mentioned -- he's shaking his head. Yes, a little bit. We did have it in Q2 with some kind of heightened secondary handling costs and so forth. But I would say we're on pace, if not, probably a little bit ahead of pace on the distribution side in terms of implementing some of the technology we're putting in place. So, we are feeling -- we felt a little bit of that pressure in Q1, a little bit again in Q2. Probably, it will moderate in Q3, moderate a little bit more in Q4. I don't know if we get leverage next year on a lot of that activity or not, but it would at least be neutral to this year and my guess it'd probably be a little positive.
Steve Willoughby: Okay. And then if you don't mind, just one other quick follow-up. The PARAGARD marketing you guys did, the TV ads you did in the first quarter and in the second quarter, have you quantified what that amount was that you were spending? And if so, could you remind me what that was maybe in 2Q? Just to give us an idea of that going away in 3Q and 4Q.
Albert White: Yes, there was a lot of spending there, I mean, associated with the TV ads and also print ads on People Magazine and so forth and social media. A lot of different areas. But when you look at some of the expense that we accelerated into this quarter, especially associated with the TV advertising in a full quarter, that ended up being somewhere around $6 million. So, you will see some -- and that's just that piece. There was a decent amount on top of that of other activity. You'll see some of that kind of in Q3 and Q4. The business is performing well. I mean we're getting some improved, true operational profitability. So, we're going to take some of that and push that back into PARAGARD in Q4 to continue the promotional activity and try to have a good Q4 and be positive going into next year. So, I feel good about that. I mean were able, right now, to be able to take guidance up a decent amount because of some the other activity in taxes. So, it's probably, if nothing else, allowing us to take a few of these operational upside dollars and invest them back in, into; one, I talked about, right, which is MiSight. We definitely want to put dollars there; and then the other one is stay on top of PARAGARD as we move through the year.
Steve Willoughby: Okay. Thanks so much.
Albert White: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. I'm not showing any further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Al White for any closing remarks.
Albert White: All right. Great. Well, great. Well, thank you, everyone. Appreciate everyone's interest, obviously. Another good solid quarter for us, and we're anticipating a good back half of the year. So, I don't have anything else to add at this point. Look forward to seeing a lot of you out on the road. I know Brian's out on the road next week, and I'll be out meeting with some people. And then we'll catch up again at the end of August on our fiscal Q3 call. So, thank you. Thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-03-06 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 2019 The Cooper Companies Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays call, Ms. Kim Duncan, Vice President, Investor Relations and Administration. Ms. Duncan, you may begin.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon. And welcome to The Cooper Companies first quarter 2019 earnings conference call. During todays call, we will discuss the results included in the earnings release, along with the updated guidance and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on todays call are Al White, President and Chief Executive Officer, Brian Andrews, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. And before we begin, Id like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market or regulatory conditions, and integration of any acquisitions or their failure to achieve anticipated benefits. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward-Looking Statements in todays earnings release, and are described in our SEC filings, including Coopers Form 10-K, all of which are available on our website at coopercos.com. Should you have any additional questions following the call, please call our investor line at 925-460-3663 or email ir@coopercos.com. And now Ill turn the call over to Al for his opening remarks.
Albert White: Thank you, Kim. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter 2019 conference call. Were off to a strong start this year, as we continue successfully implementing our strategic objectives such as investing in key accounts, increasing promotional activity and investing in infrastructure. These efforts are all tied to producing strong sustainable revenue growth and they are paying off. For the quarter, we reported $628 million in consolidated revenue, up 6% year-over-year, up 8% pro forma. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $2.88. CooperVision posted revenues of $470 million, up 6% as reported or up 8% pro forma. CooperSurgical posted revenues of $158 million, up 9% as reported or up 8% pro forma. Im extremely pleased with these results, as our focus on increasing our strategic partnership activity and supporting our market leading products is producing strong results. For CooperVision, the strength was seen throughout the world. The Americas was up 4%, EMEA 9% and Asia Pac 13%, all pro forma. All three regions were led by continuing strength from our daily silicone hydrogel lenses, which grew 38% pro forma. The Americas in particular posted significant strength around daily silicones with both clariti and MyDay performing well. EMEA was very strong, led by daily silicones, torics and multifocals, while Asia-Pac posted another robust quarter led by daily silicones and Biofinity. So Im happy to see strong and diverse growth around the world, driven by strong products and exemplary sales and service. Regarding product families, both our daily silicone hydrogel franchises clariti and MyDay are performing extremely well and our focus will remain on these product families as the global contact lens market continues to shift in this direction. Outside of dailies, Biofinity and Avaira Vitality continued performing well, combining the growth 7%. As a reminder, these two silicone hydrogel product families comprised our focus in the FRP or Frequent Replacement Product market which encompasses the two week and monthly modalities. Also included in this segment are unique products such as Biofinity Energys, which helps individuals deal with digital eye fatigue. We also saw strength in torics and multifocals this quarter with torics growing 9% and multifocals up 8%, both pro forma. Turning to the market, the global soft contact lens market grew 8% in calendar 2018 to roughly $8.7 billion. Within this we grew 10% and Im extremely happy to report our market share increased to 24%, so were now tied with Alcon in the number two spot, while we estimated J&J share at 40%, B&L at 8%, and then a few small manufacturers making up the rest. The primary growth driver for the market continues to be daily lenses which grew 13% last year and now accounts for roughly $4.6 billion or 53% of the total market. Within the segment, silicone hydrogel lenses drove the growth up 34%. Its important to note that although 53% of revenue dollars are in daily lenses, the percentage of actual wearers in dailies is much lower due to the price difference. We estimate daily wearers encompass somewhere in the low to mid 20% range of the overall market and thus offer a very significant long-term trade up opportunity for the entire contact lens industry. And regarding future market growth, youve heard me talk about the positive trends in the contact lens market and these remain in place, be it the increasing incidence of myopia around the world, the global transition to daily contact lenses, geographic expansion or growth in torics and multifocals, the future looks very bright for our industry. Im not sure the market will continue growing 8% as it did this past year, but I could certainly see it growing 5% to 6% plus for several years in the future. Turning to our strategy, I want to mention a few important points around our growth initiatives and silicone hydrogel one day lenses, key accounts, and our efforts around customized product offerings. The shift to one day lenses from FRPs generates roughly two to three times more revenue per patient and within the one day market, the trade up from a traditional hydrogel to a silicone hydrogel generates an additional roughly 20% premium. This is great for the industry and I expect all contact lens manufacturers to continue sharing in this multi-year trade up trend as a rising tide should lift all boats. Having said that, whats unique to Cooper is our current market share within dailies is only 18% compared to roughly 31% within the FRP space. This shows that if we can get our fair share of new daily fits, we should post strong growth for years to come and Im confident we can do that based on our momentum, our strong product portfolio and the positive new fit data. Regarding key accounts, were continuing to strongly support these strategic partnerships with a focus on helping them grow and retain their customer base. These are extremely knowledgeable business people and they understand the growth potential for contact lenses and that it goes well beyond the shift to dailies. In particular, they appreciate the value of cross-selling contact lenses to their customers who wear glasses, working to reduce contact lens dropout rates, the value of fitting the best lenses for each situation such as torics and multifocals and the growth potential of expanding geographically. And were here to help them in each of these areas driving growth in their businesses. Regarding our customized product offerings, were making excellent advancements within distribution, labeling, and packaging to support our efforts around providing customers a diverse set of options to help them grow and retain their patient base. This includes opening new facilities, expanding others, upgrading systems and increasing our use of automation to become more efficient. All of this activity is very important in todays world where customers expect premier behind the scene support. Finally, before moving to CooperSurgical just a quick note to say we completed the acquisition of Blanchard in January which is another specialty lens company with a strong position in scleral lenses. Although, this is a small market focused on providing contact lenses to patients with concern such as irregular corneas hard-to-fit eyes or people with severe dry eye problems this is another step in growing our specialty business, which were excited about. Moving to CooperSurgical. We reported revenues of $158 million, up 8% pro forma. Fertility posted strong results growing 9% as last quarters integration activity move behind us. We continue to believe the global fertility market has fantastic long-term growth potential and we are a market leader in the space. As a reminder, this part of our business includes products like media, IVF medical devices and genomics and these products are sold throughout the world. Outside of fertility, our office in surgical business grew 7% pro forma with strength noted in PARAGARD which is the only non-hormonal IUD or long-acting reversible contraceptive on the US market. This product grew 10% even off on an extremely strong fourth quarter and we continue to believe it will do well going forward. Supporting this growth as an active advertising campaign including TV ads and select geographies, print media and social media. Depending on the market that you would and you may have seen the TV ads, but if not check out PARAGARD.com where you can see the commercial. Although early in the campaign this promotional activity has generated significant interest and weve seen dramatic increases and visits to our website and much greater discussion on social media. In conjunction with this activity, weve also been investing heavily in physician training to support practitioners as request for PARAGARD from their patients increases. Were closely monitoring these marketing efforts, evaluating the cost benefit, but early indications are very positive and weve thus accelerated promotional activity that was planned for later this year into Q2 to allow us to concentrate this activity and obtain a more effective understanding of its impact. After this quarter, we plan to return promotional activity to more normal levels to allow time to analyze the data and determine an appropriate go-forward marketing investment strategy. Given PARAGARD has only roughly 17% market share in the 1 billion US IUD market, we believe there exist significant opportunity for future growth, if we can effectively communicate the advantages of the product. Outside of PARAGARD, our office in surgical business grew a solid 5% pro forma. Lastly on CooperSurgical, we had two small business development items I want to quickly mention. First, we acquired a small company named Incisive Surgical in January which sells unique absorbable skin staple called INSORB. Second Utah Medical brought backed out their US distribution rights with the Filshie Clip. The impact on revenues going forward is minimal as they offset one another. So in conclusion, were having a strong start to this year and I continue to feel very positive about the direction of the company. I want to thank our employees for their hard work and dedication as thats whats driving our success. And Ill now turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Andrews: Thank you, Al. And good afternoon, everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to todays earnings release for a full reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. Al covered revenues, so Ill focus on the rest of the financials and guidance. Consolidated gross margins in the quarter held steady at 67.5% year-over-year. CooperVisions gross margin was 66%, down from 67.1% last year with the entire decline being attributable to currency. Outside of currency, operational positives such as product mix were offset by items such as rebates and temporarily higher secondary handling costs. CooperSurgicals gross margin improved significantly to 70% to 72% from 68.8% last year driven by product mix including higher sales of PARAGARD and fertility products. Consolidated operating expenses grew 9.9% in the quarter driven by increased investing in sales and marketing in both CooperVision and CooperSurgical. This includes both businesses continuing to enhance their sales forces by selectively hiring around the world with a focus on key accounts. Within CooperVision, we also saw increased investments in distribution where we continue upgrading our infrastructure along with higher R&D, including continued activity around myopia management. Within CooperSurgical, operating expenses grew mainly associated to higher sales and marketing costs related to PARAGARD. Operating income improved year-over-year by roughly $2 million even in the face of currency headwinds and the operating margin for the quarter was 26.2%. Below operating income, we reported $18.2 million of interest expense and an effective tax rate of 2.6%. This low tax rate was driven by several factors including favorable internal restructuring activities, excess tax benefits received from the exercise of stock options and an audit settlement. Notably regarding the audit settlement, we reached a final agreement with the UK Tax Authorities associated with our dispute over the transfer valuation of certain intellectual properties associated with the SoftOne acquisition. The settlement resulted in a refund of $29 million from the $42 million we paid in Q1 of last year. Non-GAAP EPS for the quarter was $2.88 with roughly 49.9 million average shares outstanding. Free cash flow was $22.6 million, comprised of $101.8 million of operating cash flow offset by $79.2 million of CapEx. Net debt increased by $41 million to $1.989 billion. The increase is primarily attributable to the acquisitions of Incisive Surgical for $33 million and Blanchard for $31 million offset by operating cash flow. Moving to guidance. We are increasing our consolidated fiscal 2019 revenue guidance to 2.631 billion to 2.676 billion. This includes raising CooperVision to 6.5% to 8% pro forma growth or $1.968 billion to $1.995 billion reflecting the strength we saw in Q1 and our belief that the rest of the year should be strong even against hard comps in the back half of the year. CooperSurgicals revenue guidance is also being increased slightly to a stronger 3% to 6% pro forma or $663 million to $681 million reflecting our strong Q1. Outside of revenue, we continue to expect gross and operating margins to improve slightly year-over-year. Interest expense is expected to be slightly lower as were now assuming only one additional 25 basis point rate hike which we model to occur later this month.  As for taxes, were now expecting a full year effective tax rate around 11%, down from our previous expectation of around 14%. This reflects Q1 and our latest expectations for the remainder of the year. On FX, currency has moved slightly in our favor and were now forecasting a negative $0.47 of FX this year, $0. 08 better than our initial guidance provided in December. Having said that, this $0.08 is offset by the Filshie clip transaction which resulted in the receipt of $21 million of cash, but the loss of near term earnings. Incorporating all of this, were increasing our full year non-GAAP EPS guidance to $11.85 to $12.15, up $0.50 at the midpoint. This increase is roughly comprised of $0.40 from tax, $0.07 from operational improvements and $0.03 from lower interest expense. With respect to quarterly gating, as Al mentioned, were shifting marketing spend associated with PARAGARD from the end of this year into Q2 and now anticipate fiscal Q2 non-GAAP EPS in a range of $2.70 to $2.80. Q3 and Q4 now expected to be slightly stronger than initially expected due to this. And with that, Ill hand it back to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jeff Johnson with Baird.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Good afternoon, guys. Can you hear me, okay?
Albert White: Yes.
Brian Andrews: Hey, Jeff.
Jeff Johnson: Great. Hi, Brian and hi, Al. How are you? So just wanted to start may be on CVI. On the European number, that number definitely came in a little bit better than we were expecting. I think, it stayed sequentially kind of stable at 9% versus where it had been a quarter before, but the comp was about 500 basis points tougher. So just wondering, is that kind of a sign of some of that big retail business, some of the kind of big account wins? And is that - is there some sustainability to that strength in Europe than even as comps get kind of tougher this year throughout the year? Thanks.
Albert White: Yes. I would say yes to both of those. I mean, it is attributable to strengths were seeing in key accounts. We kind of talked generically or broadly about key accounts around the world as there are obviously key accounts in different regions and some span multiple regions. But when you look at the European region, there are a number of important key accounts there and weve had success there and we believe were going to have success going forward. Part of the reason that we took our guidance up to 6.5% to 8% for CooperVision was to one, reflect the success we have in the first quarter, but two, kind of just show the confidence we have in the CooperVision numbers in total, including Europe, even against the challenging comps in the back half of the year.
Jeff Johnson: Yes, understood. And then maybe on PARAGARD, just as my follow up question. That 10% number, I know, is a good number. It did come in maybe a little light of what we were expecting and maybe we were just out of line with our expectations. But I thought you had some easy inventory comps there. So again, just want to do a reality check, where was the PARAGARD performance this quarter relative to your expectations? And how is that performing at the profitability line as well?
Albert White: Yes. Thats fair point. Q1 was a pretty easy comp because of PARAGARD. We had all that noise last year, it seemed like almost in every corner, with respect to channel inventory and trying to settle things down. But at the end of the day, the 10% growth that we had in Q1 for PARAGARD was in line with our expectations. So thats kind of the improvement. That product is, as you know, is a very profitable product for us, having said that, we are reinvesting a lot of those dollars. I touched on that a little bit. Brian actually quantified that to some degree in terms of some of the investment activity were pulling into the second quarter. So I wont comment on direct profitability associated with it, other than to say it is indeed a highly profitable product and one that we really truly want to try to drive growth out of.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo.
Larry Biegelsen: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question and congrats on a really nice quarter Al. One geographic question, one tax/EPS question. So, EMEA was very strong at 9%, but Al, Americas did dip to 4% from 8% last quarter and actually the comp was a bit easier. So I mean, we did hear some anecdotal feedback that late in the year, the US market was a little soft. Can you provide any color on that and expectations going forward? And I have one follow-up.
Albert White: Yes, I would agree with that. I think if you look at our results and the result of our competitors out there - with their numbers, it show some of the weakness that was in the US market. I dont think that theres anything particularly that needs to be pulled off out of that right like any true fundamental change in the business. I think it was just a little bit softer of a quarter and thats okay. That happens sometimes and theres not too much we can do about that. I mean, we grew 4%, so we obviously believe that we continue to take market share there and are happy with that number in terms of putting in the context of the overall market growth.
Larry Biegelsen: And then on EPS, Al, one, on the tax rate that 11%, how should we think about that going forward? And I know its early, but just wanted to hear from you if you feel like you can get back to double-digit EPS growth in fiscal 2020. Its encouraging to see the guidance come up today for fiscal 2019 and how its about mid single digits at the mid point, but how should we think about looking forward a little bit? Thanks for taking the question.
Albert White: Yes. I mean we have the low tax rate. There was a decent amount of activity this quarter that brought it down. Im talking about Q1, Q2, 3, and 4 will be somewhat similar in the low teens is our expectation. If you look at next year, most of this activity is directly associated with this fiscal year, meaning, we would expect next year probably to be closer to a more normalized rate at 14%. Again, that wouldnt include like stock option equity and some of that kind of stuff which could pull it lower. But I think well can kind of go to that 14%-ish kind of rate that we talked about in the past. With respect to getting to double-digit EPS growth, I was pretty clear that I felt really strong about that that we can do that. Now, the effective tax rate coming in at 11% going to 14% next year means we need to hurdle that, but well see what we can do on that. I dont want to get into guidance yet for next fiscal year. But I continue to believe the fundamentals of the business are very strong, you can see that especially in the revenue growth. So I continue to be pretty optimistic about back half of the year and next year.
Larry Biegelsen: Thanks, Al.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Cooley with Stephens.
Chris Cooley: Hey, thanks. Good afternoon. I appreciate taking the questions. Al, I just wanted to see if you can maybe give us a little bit of an update on MiSight and myopia [ph] control, a lot of interest in myopia control at SECO this past weekend on both the frame, as well as the contact lens front with very limited data so far. So could you just maybe give us an update on how thats tracking from an R&D perspective? And when we could start to see that here in the states? And Ive got one quick follow-up.
Albert White: Yes, definitely a fair question. I mean, were excited about MiSight and the entire myopia management field here within CooperVision, theres no question about that and were doing a lot of work on that internally. Some of that you obviously see in the R&D line and then some of its within our operating expense infrastructure right now. So, were excited about it. We believe in the future. We believe theres actually significant upside there and I think that when you look at myopia management, you talk about getting kids into contact lenses, who are may be 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13 year old that type of thing that expands the market for contact lenses that are also obviously helps everyone with visual correction. Another interesting stat is the average contact lens where wears their lenses around seven years, but if theyre fit in a contact lens first as their first form of visual correction rather than glasses they wore contact lenses on average 14 years. So getting wear into contact lenses to start is a significant advantage for the contact lens industry. Having said all that, its still a little early. Ive kind of held off a little bit of the myopia management side and MiSight and Im excited as you could tell about it. But I dont want to get too many details on it yet. Were working through the approval process in the US market. We have the lens in the market in select countries around the world so were making progress at the right point in time. Ill kind of get into that into more detail.
Chris Cooley: Appreciate the color. And then if I could just follow-up on Jeffs earlier on questions on PARAGARD. I know in the past youve talked about the incremental spend at the marking effort and needing to see that requisite margin dropped through. Can you just give us may be some broad strokes around what you saw in those markets where you rolled out the dancing in the streets marketing initiative there what type of pull-through are you seeing at the OB/GYN level just kind of script conversion just trying to get an idea of some metrics that we see this incremental spend in the 2Q, what type of growth we should kind of model thereafter? Thanks so much.
Albert White: Yes, Chris. Thats a great question. Its kind of same question that I have right now. So what weve seen is we went into those markets, we did the TV commercials and the reaction has been very positive. Weve seen a very significant increase in traffic on our sites and PARAGARD related sites, whether its blogs or anything along those lines in the social media side definitely much higher in those markets where weve done the TV advertising. How does that TV advertising in that significant increase in activity relate to or translate to actual product sales? Thats a little bit more of the question. So thats what were doing right now and were going to continue the type of activity for several more months here. We ran it through February. We are in March, we are April those dollars are fairly large, but its really a matter right now saying okay, how does that translate. There is a lot of activities. Theres a lot of excitement. Theres a lot of positive energy and discussion around the positive attributes of PARAGARD. Does that translate to actual wearer in - the wear base increasing? So thats a little bit of a question mark right now. I mean, were doing the work. Were tracking it carefully. I think were doing everything right. Ive 100% confidence in the team who is working on that. For now, we havent really changed our guidance with respect to PARAGARD. I think because of the comps PARAGARD has kind of a challenge back half of the year, but well see maybe we can do little bit better. Ill give you - Ill be able to definitely give you more information on the next earnings calls to how some of that translate into actual sales though.
Chris Cooley: Thank you for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research.
Steve Willoughby: Hi. Good evening. Thanks for taking my question. One for Al and one for Brian. Maybe Brian, first if you could just provide a little more color on the tax audit that you broke out or the refund you broke out. Could you just clarify the $42 million charged a year ago and then the $29 million refund this year. It wasnt clear to me in your P&L whether those were included or excluded in non-GAAP results in both periods? And then secondly for Al maybe Al if you could just provide a little more color as it relates to some of the strategic accounts whats the customers are finding most interesting as youre partnering with these people? Is it inventory, pricing, private label, distribution or kind of all of the above?
Brian Andrews: Sure. So Steve, Ill handle the first one. As far as the DPT payment we made in Q1 of last year, in Q1 that impacted our free cash flow and took us down. The $29 million that we received as a result of the tax settlement actually was received - the cash was received in Q2. So itll improve our free cash flow in Q2, but the impact from the settlement resulted in our tax rate - well that was part of the one of the three reasons, the primary drivers of our tax rate going down at 2.6% in Q1.
Steve Willoughby: If I could just follow up real quick on that Brian, so not the labor and tax question on the call, but so a year ago then was it the $42 million was that charge included or excluded in non-GAAP numbers?
Brian Andrews: That was included in Q1 of last year. 
Steve Willoughby: Okay. Thank you. Perfect.
Albert White: On strategic accounts Steve, I cant say, its all about the things that you mentioned. I think whether its the ability to offer customer brands kind of as we historically talked about is private label, like the ability to offer customer brands, the ability to shift direct in many cases, our willingness and ability to do customized labeling and packaging all of that stuff and you combine that with our desire and our willingness to offer better marketing and promotional support. And havent all that kind of be tied in supporting key account. Like its the key accounts relationship, were here to support that key account and help them grow their wearer base and retain their wearer base. Thats what we focus on and thats key and that entire message is being received really well by key accounts. So Im not sure I would necessarily call one thing, but I would say the whole gamut of what were offering from a customized solution perspective is what intrigues those key accounts. 
Steve Willoughby: Okay. Thanks, Al.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jonathan Block with Stifel. 
Jonathan Block: Thanks, guys. And apologize in advance if any question already asked. But maybe two for me. The first is, on some of the investments in CVI from a shipping perspective. Do you think those investments become leverageable so to say in 2020? Or do you believe theres going to be sort of a long tail or a longer tail of that as a fulfillment remains a big priority for the company? And then I got a quick follow-up.
Albert White: Yes, I dont think where we are today that well leverage those distribution items next fiscal year. My guess is the distribution expenses kind of grow in line with revenues, thats what I would expect. I mean were doing a lot of distribution expansion right now, a lot of upgrade work and so forth and so the expenses are heightened. I think that gets better next year, again growing kind of equal to revenues. And then I would expect that well probably see leverage from the distribution expense line in fiscal 2021.
Jonathan Block: Okay. And then if I can ask sort of a part B to that. Just goes throughout the P&L. I wouldnt think thats obviously a huge investment for you guys. Is there another ones either reps that you brought on, on CSI side specific to your initiatives are on PARAGARD. So is there a way to think about maybe that item, if the DTC initiatives are successful that that might be a more leverageable line item next year because you brought in the reps, you will have some success arguably with the TV initiatives and maybe thats one where you start to see some leverage work, its way through the P&L next year?
Albert White: Yes. I would absolutely agree with that. We have around 60 direct sales reps right now in PARAGARD, about 20 reps internally. We hired those individuals kind of over the last year or so. So as we annualize that, that makes life a little bit easier, right. But we get into next fiscal year, youre absolutely correct, like, well be able to leverage that some. I still believe that at some point in the future, well be able to combine those sales reps to some degree with our existing sales infrastructure  or sales reps doing our in-office medical devices now. Were not, obviously, doing that now, but we will in the future. So I do believe theres some leverage opportunities within CooperSurgical. Its just, now is not the time to do that. Were really working on driving revenue growth in that business and well continue to for the foreseeable future.
Jonathan Block: Okay. And I hate to borrow one here and based on Steves prior comments, I guess, I missed the color on the call. But maybe if you can just help me out, the tax rate going forward, does this dip down specific to fiscal 2019? It sounds like per your prior comments it may be, because there might have been a specific credit or refund? Or do we sort of, when we look out and I think many of us has assumed that 14-ish-percent tax rate was the new level set going forward. Does that still take hold or we do we lower it going forward as well? Thanks guys.
Albert White: Yes. I think the 14% would be for now the correct way to look at next year. This activity was  will be  it was in Q1, it will all be within this fiscal year. So I think next year 14% will be the appropriate rate to use.
Jonathan Block: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Anthony Petrone with Jefferies.
Anthony Petrone: Thanks. May be one on MiSight, one on PARAGARD, just to may be get an idea of market opportunities. Just on MiSight, is there anything you could share just on exactly what the opportunity is within the US for myopia control for pediatric patients, so that would be in dollars if you have that information. Thatll be the first question. And the second on PARAGARD would be, just do have any information on sort of the number of active prescribers today and sort of where you think that can go with the direct to consumer advertising campaign? Thanks.
Albert White: Yes. Let me touch on PARAGARD. When we look at PARAGARD, some of the stuff that weve learned is that its important to get some brand awareness out in the marketplace. The physicians know the PARAGARD exists. Its been out there for a little while. They know it exists and if a patient walks in the door and ask about it, or specifically ask for it, then the doc discusses it with them and frequently thats the product that they walk away with. So the feedback that weve received from all the work that weve been doing is create and - including from the physicians is, create some brand awareness about this. Lets talk about this, lets have a discussion around in non-hormonal advantages associated with this product. Thats why you hear us talking more about the branding side and the advertising and social media marketing side of things. We are also doing the training with the doctor. A lot of that activity is more just a reminder to the doctor hey, this product was not being supported or was not being heavily supported, marketed and so forth. Its still here, it still exists. As a company, were obviously dedicated to the space. Its a very important space to us and were going to continue to support this. So as individuals come in and ask for this product, doc, let them know that its here and as a reminder do you hear the advantage of it - advantages of it. So that kind of gives a little bit of color around that. On MiSight or myopia management in general, Im not going to get into any numbers yet. The only thing I would point you to on that is, myopia management really when we get into it is, youre talking about kind of kids, lets call it, eight years old to 13 years old, right? I mean children started going into contact lenses on their own around 13, 14 and its not myopia management lenses, but theyre still going - starting visual correction in the form of contact lenses. How big is that 8 to 13 year old marketplace? It could be pretty significant. I mean it could certainly be fairly significant in the US and it could be on a global basis also. But theres still a lot of work to do there. So I dont want to get over our SKUs here. Theres still a lot of work that we need to do and I dont want to start quoting numbers yet.
Anthony Petrone: Fair enough. Thanks, again.
Albert White: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matthew Mishan with KeyBanc.
Matthew Mishan: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. Al Im going to risk embarrassing myself with some poor math on the call here which is probably also why you moved away from these numbers giving them every quarter. But I have 8% pro forma growth for CooperVision last year for your 2018. I believe you said calendar year that growth was 10%. Does that mean that November and December would have been much stronger than January? Did I get that math right?
Albert White: Yes. So you got two things that go in there. One is the fact that its calendar versus fiscal. The other is the market data that we quote ends up being manufacturer sales data. Its our data, but its not a gross basis versus a net basis. So thats one of the reasons we pulled that out is because it was a little confusing, right, so you have to look at it a little bit more in directional basis. Thats probably the easiest answer to give you on that. Youre exactly right, thats what we pulled some of those numbers out because the market data is great directionally, but when you really peel specifically into the numbers, it gets a little more challenging.
Matthew Mishan: Okay. Fair enough. And Im just trying to understand the legs of the key account strategy you have. I realized the key account is a broad term, but how should I think about how many more are there to sign? Is it a matter of increasing penetration with them or may be them like taking share in the market and you kind of growing with them?
Albert White: Yes, I think theres a few different ways that we look at that in terms of opportunities. Theres no question that higher penetration rates within existing key account is very important. And we look at that from the context of saying we have a great relationship with someone we like to sell more lenses to that company. The other way to look at it is to say we have key accounts where we have strong relationships with them, whether the relationship is stronger on the FRP side, the two-week or the monthly side and we really want to expand that relationship to the daily side. Now that would be - you can look at that in terms of improved penetration rates also. But its really to say, hey, we have a great relationship with you. Guys we love you, you love us, we have a great strategic partnership, lets expand that into daily silicone hydrogels as an example where in a lot of cases where were under-penetrated there. So you get that. And then you do get some situations where we do have either really low penetration or kind of minimal relationships with people as they grow. And were trying to get into door to ensure that were offering our full suite of products there. So, I think its depending upon how you look at it comes from a few different angles.
Matthew Mishan: Okay. Thank you very much.
Albert White: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch from BMO.
Joanne Wuensch: Thank you very much for taking the question. It looks like the market accelerated the growth rate at the end of 2018. What do you think drove it to that 8% versus the historical 4% to 6% range. And how do you think that thats sustainable or not?
Albert White: Yes. A lot of that growth -- and obviously, its always a little challenging by quarter, right. And you look at everyones performance and then you have to look at prior years and comps and so forth, but youre right, theres strength in the marketplace right now. A lot of that strength is getting driven by the factors that I was talking about, be it geographic expansion, be it growth in torics, multifocals and its heavily been driven by the shift to dailies. So within that sub-segment the silicone hydrogel daily component of the market. There is a lot of growth potential in my opinion with those areas for many years. I mean, I believe that the shift to daily silicone hydrogel themselves has five, six, seven years something like that in front of us a pretty solid trade up growth from that. And then, when I look at geographic expansion as an example, I mean, some markets like India are tiny almost non-existent. I mean, they offer fantastic growth potential, same with China and a number of other markets that are out there. And then when you look at markets wear that are more developed where youre having fits for like torics and multifocals like the U.S. and some other developed market. The penetration rates of those types of lenses are significantly higher than they are more underdeveloped countries. And over the years, weve always seen as countries develop contact lens usage increases and the fitting of the correct lens or the proper lens increases. And so I really believe we have many, many years in front of us as strong growth in the contact lens industry.
Joanne Wuensch: My second question has to do with SG&A spend, which increased year-over-year. Some of it is going to PARAGARD campaign but some of it is going into the key account strategy. Is it 50, 50? I mean, how do I think about how you decide which lever to pull for which franchise? Thank you.
Albert White: Yes. It varies by quarter. As Brian highlighted kind of at the end there, we are pulling some pretty decent promotional activity forward on CooperSurgical and that means that in Q2 youre going to have heightened activity associated with PARAGARD and thatll go back to normal. I would say at the end of the day like were investing in both of them. Like were not afraid investing in both of them obviously within CooperVision were doing everything we can. Our business is incredibly important to us so whether its investing in infrastructure, manufacturing capacity, key accounts salespeople and so forth were driving everything. Were pulling every lever we believe we can that provides a good return by investing in that business. Within CooperSurgical from a key accounts perspective were also doing that, but as I discussed on PARAGARD were being a little bit more selective here as we look at the cost benefit of that and coming up with the correct strategy.
Joanne Wuensch: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes with Matthew OBrien with Piper Jaffray.
Matthew OBrien: Afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. I guess Al just for starters on the CVI performance. Its been very, very good. Dailies is quite good. It seems like youre pointing a lot towards the key accounts really driving a lot of that. Is there anything underlying in that business thats also doing well that were not asking about? And then back on the key partnerships side I think is there any kind of meaningful competitive response that youre seeing. Im assuming that your bigger competitors are also targeting these accounts. I mean, how are they responding to what youre doing and some of these account as youre taking share so quickly there?
Albert White: Yes. I think I kind of maybe answered both of those to some degree in the same way. I mean, were the only company out there with the full and broad daily silicone hydrogel offering, right, the broadest like. We have MyDay on the premium side, we have clariti in the mass-market side we have full sweat and clariti is geared toward multifocal. So were out there. The products are out there in the marketplace. Obviously, we have competitors who have some products out in the marketplace, but for now we need to capitalize on the fact that we have a great broad product portfolio and thats what were doing and were outselling that hard right now. Now yes, competitors are going to come out with new products. Of course, they are. I mean, this is a highly competitive industry and its not like some of the medical devices with heart valves or something like that. I mean were 24% of the market. Alcon is J&J is, Bausch is, so people come out with new products all the time. We have new products in our back pockets and stuff that well be launching over time. But for now the key on both of those is that, we have a great product portfolio and a highly energized team and thats the key behind our success. So were anticipating competitors continuing to want to get back in and take share and were doing -- through new products and well do the same through new products and well move the market. Now one of the key points on this though and its important to remember is that, as of the market shift to daily silicone hydrogel the market growth improves. And thats why I keep kind of going back to saying, this is not one guy wins one guy loses kind of thing. This is the shift to daily silicone hydrogel and this trade-up and this geographic expansion and so forth is lifting all competitors. Everybody is getting better numbers. I mean, the market grew 8% last year. I continue to believe were going to see strong growth in the marketplace. Everyone is going to grow as long as theyre acting intelligently within the marketplace. So I dont view this as kind of win-loss with competitors. I view this as a win-win. I think that we have a better product offering and some better capabilities than our competitors in the areas that were focused on. We dont do the heavy branding like J&J does. In the areas were focused on, we have a great product set and a great skill set and were executing and doing really well there so I think well continue to but that does not kind of disparage of our competitors who I believe continue to put up pretty good numbers. 
Matthew OBrien: Thats very helpful. As a follow-up, you started to touch on this a little bit. Its just the Asia Pac growth continues to be very good. Im assuming most of that is Japan at this point, but China was an area that you guys have been talking about for years now. Are we getting to any kind of an inflection point in that geography? And what kind of resource are you putting behind in that geography to deliver some outsized growth over the next couple of years?
Albert White: Yes, youre right. Japan is probably still around two-thirds of that market somewhere in that kind of range maybe its 60%, 65% of that market. So its an important driver there. The other countries that are there also important. Now that you mentioned China theres also a number of other countries and there.  So we are seeing diverse growth throughout the entire region. Were under-indexed and there. Theres no question about that. So its incumbent upon us to invest there and we are investing there. We are putting a focus on key accounts and salespeople and marketing and advertising efforts and we need to continue to do that. That team has done a very, very nice job over there and theyve done it for many years. And frankly we continue to believe theyll do that for the foreseeable future. So I wont get into necessarily in particulars on that, but I would say that thats a very important region for us and we are investing dollars there and we will continue to invest dollars there.
Matthew OBrien: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Weinstein with William Blair.
Andrew Brackmann: This is Andrew Brackmann on for Brian. Al, maybe a strategic question for you, a lot of discussion has been sort of around the trade up in the dailies, but new wearers here sort of in developed markets how do you sort of grow that new wearer base in those markets? Does that still around key accounts? Is there anything else that you guys can do there? Thanks.
Albert White: Yes. We are seeing some growth in new wearers on a global basis. Its not much. Certainly low-single digits, but we are seeing some growth there. One of the things that well talk to some of the big retailers about and our key accounts about in -- we talk to them. But I think this is true for the entire industry is we need to do a better job with dropouts. There is a lot of people that will go into contact lenses theyll get fitted because they want them. They will get some free lenses, they will take them home, they will try them. Maybe they have a hard time inserting the lens, or theres something thats causing them a little bit of problem and then they dont stick with the lenses. They go back to glasses, and we get too much drop out there within that first week or two weeks. So weve been talking about that with people and say, hey, we need to do better job with follow-up here, right? We fit somebody with contact lenses, lets give them a text or give them a phone call, something where we reach out to them two days later or three days later, four days later. Hey, how its going? What can we help you with? How is the insertion going? How is the comfort going and so forth. I think, we needed to do a better job there. I mean, there are some interesting stats out there and theyre kind of big numbers. But if you look at, right now, theres like 140 million contact lens wearers in the world and theres like 200 million contact lens wearer dropouts. And that includes people who just initially started wearing them and dropped out and it could be people who have gotten older and stopped wearing them. But if we can just do a better job capturing the dropouts and working with these key accounts in these big retailers and reaching out to patients and saying, I know you want contact lenses, I know when you were in the store you like them and wanted to keep wearing them. Why arent you buying more of them? Thats a key way for us to grow this industry. I mean, we can literally double the size of the industry by just keeping people in contact lenses that want to be in contact lenses. So I think thats an area where all of us can improve. I mean, we can improve on that, J&J and our friends at Alcon and Bausch and the big retailers. I mean, we can all do a better job of growing the wearer base.
Andrew Brackmann: Got it. Thank you. Very helpful. And then, Brian, may be a question for you. Could you maybe provide an update on where youre at with daily silicone hydrogel margins here? I think youre adding some capacity. So is it safe to assume that those might be under a little bit of margin pressure here in the near term versus long term? Thanks.
Albert White: Yes. I mean, Im not going to get into the specifics about where those margins are landing. But suffice it to say, the margins on our daily silicones are -- put a little pressure on our margins overall. But that being said, we said that gross margins are going to be up slightly year-over-year, operating margins up slightly. So we try to manage this business to the operating margin level, now, whether youre talking about our key accounts or just our business in general and so well work through it and as we get more volume to our plants and as we continued to improve our sales in those products, our cost premium goes down and our gross margin go up. So thats been the story historically for Cooper.
Andrew Brackmann: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Pasquale with Guggenheim.
Chris Pasquale: Thanks. Al or maybe Brian, can you quantify the spending that youre pulling forward into the second quarter. I just want to get a sense for the EPS impact, because you called that out as the reason for the below consensus guide in 2Q.
Albert White: Yes. I mean, we had talked about kind of $2.70 to $2.80 in the quarter. And then, I know, everybody kind of had their expectations out there. For us, its a fairly decent pull forward as you can imagine. It will depend on a couple of different factors, but were certainly could be talking $5 million, $6 million, $7 million, in that type of range.
Chris Pasquale: Thanks. Thats helpful. And then, Al, can you give us any color on the relative strength of your two daily silicone hydrogel franchises these days? Is MyDay still growing faster than clariti off of a smaller base or is that moderated now, given clariti is addressing maybe a larger market segment?
Albert White: Yes. Its still - thats still the same. Both lenses are doing really well. Our both product families are doing really well. MyDay is growing faster than clariti, but its still a decent amount smaller than clariti.
Chris Pasquale: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan.
Robbie Marcus: Thanks. Appreciate the question. May be a housekeeping question, can you go through some of the pro forma adjustments in the quarter may be what FX was on the top and bottom line and how youre thinking about FX for the year?
Albert White: Ill let Brian.
Brian Andrews: Okay. So, FX for the quarter was about $16 million negative, $0.20 detriment to EPS. For the year, weve got the detriment from revenue around $55 million and a $0.47 negative to EPS.
Robbie Marcus: Were there any other pro forma adjustments that you could give us in the quarter?
Brian Andrews: There wasnt really much - there wasnt much Blanchard and we had Incisive, but both of those I think closed in January that was really no adjustment for that.
Albert White: Really wasnt much there, no.
Robbie Marcus: Okay. Maybe and then Al just a follow-up on your comments before without getting all of those patients who have dropped out back into the system. Can you talk about may be the pathway to do that? Is that something you as Cooper and J& J have a database to do or is that going to have to be driven from the doctor level?
Albert White: Yes, it has to be driven by someone so to speak. So, if I use my example that a patient comes in, says, hey I want to try contact lenses. The practitioners says here try clarity, its a great product, youre going to love this and heres five days worth of lenses. What needs to happen is at some point at least once during those five days, someone needs to reach out and it can be a text, right, it could be a phone call, but someone needs to reach out to the patient and say how is it going? You like those lenses? Everything okay with the visual acuity and the comfort and so forth? So, whether thats coming from us or whether its coming from the practitioner themselves like its important to reach out. So, the idea; one, is obviously, its the practitioner or the practitioners office is reaching out, inquiring with the patient how things are going. But we can work with them on that. I mean automation itself is important. I mean when you think about some of the stuff that we do with EyeCare Prime and reaching out to patients and letting them know, hey, its time for you to come in and for your annual check-up and that kind of stuff. If we can link some of those IT platforms together where it says hey someone was a fitting lenses, lets send them a quick text and how ask it hows it going and so forth, that would be us a working to help the physician themselves. So, I think, however we do it as an industry, its something that we need to continue to focus on improving.
Robbie Marcus: Thanks a lot.
Albert White: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Steven Lichtman with Oppenheimer.
Steven Lichtman: Thank you. Hi guys. In Asia-Pac, Al, obviously, Cooper results remain strong. You mentioned, of course, that youre under-indexed there. So, what do you think the underlying market is growing in Asia-Pac? Just trying to tease out how much youre growing ahead of the market probably in that region? Have you think about the sustainability of that market growth looking ahead?
Albert White: Yes. I think that market is going to continue to grow nicely I believe that. I mean when you end up looking at the Asia part -- Asia-Pac market, if you will, for the last calendar year, it grew 7% and we grew 13%. Im talking about calendar quarter data now, Im going to market data. If you look at the fourth quarter, that market grew 9% and we grew 16%. So, I think youre getting a number of different factors there. One as I was saying, were under-indexed. Were hitting the market hard with some great products. So I think our chances of growing faster than the market are good. But the market itself is strong. The shift to dailies that we talked about is not as dramatic there because a larger percentage of population is already dailies but you are getting a shift to daily silicones. And then youre getting the geographic expansion, the new wearer base thats where youre getting a lot of new wearers. So when I talk about low single-digit, lets call it 1% globally of wearers that is a higher percentage in Asia Pac. So I think when you combine all of the things I talked about there the excitement around torics, multifocals, the excitement around geographic expansion that kind of stuff is driving the growth in Asia Pac and well frankly for quite a while, I think that that region probably has the best, best long-term growth dynamics of the industry.
Steven Lichtman: Got it. And then Brian apologies if I missed this, but I know you talked about some gross margin headwinds this year on the last call and some of the proactive work youre doing on distribution center expansion some legacy product write-offs. Overall, any change in your thoughts in your impact there either way this year on gross margin?
Brian Andrews: Yes. I mean, as far as gross margins go what we said is gross margin will be up slightly year-over-year. I think when you look at the impact to FX I mean, youve got that headwind from FX really kind of impacting us mostly in Q1 in Q2.
Albert White: Hes talking about the secondary handling.
Brian Andrews: My bad. Yes. So secondary handling that was a bit of a drag for us in Q1, but it was what we expected. We kind of gave a little bit of a range and built that into our guidance last quarter, no real change and update there. We certainly are going to have some elevated freight and secondary handling some inventory obsolescence that will flow through the year, but its baked into our guidance and expect some of that stuff to fall away as we get towards the end of the year and certainly into next year.
Steven Lichtman: Got it. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro: Good afternoon, guys. Two questions one on growth and one on margins. On the growth side, can you talk a little bit about your expectations in the Americas just given all your comments about global market growth that 4% number, I was interested if that was sort of new normal number you expect for the short to medium term?
Albert White: No. I think that we saw some weakness kind of the marketplace in the Americas in the U.S. marketplace here, but theres still a lot of positive underlying fundamentals especially the shift to dailies we talked about the ship to dailies and daily silicones, but both of those are happening in the U.S. market. So I would envision the U.S. market posting better numbers.
Isaac Ro: Okay. Its helpful. And then on the margin question, there was some detail you guys gave us on the investments you made this quarter and then kind of what to expect on the pull forward. Can you just maybe quantify the incremental investments doing year-on-year that you guys made this quarter just to help reconcile the year-on-year margin performance, if we separate the investments versus FX and other items? Thank you.
Albert White: Yes. We gave some numbers on that last quarter. I think in particular, we talked about like $0.14, if Im remembering right from kind of an elevated inventory and secondary handling charges and so forth. And then, we build that in our guidance this year and were not going to break out any more numbers or detail on that. Its already built in the number and Id echo Brians comments that we did have heightened costs here. Those are reduced as we move through the year. Well still have some stuff probably within the inventory obsolescence depending upon how we move through things even into next year. But theyre all wrapped into the numbers.
Isaac Ro: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Al White for any closing remarks.
Albert White: Thank you. I dont really think I have much to add. A good solid quarter, appreciate the interest appreciate the questions and so forth. Were continuing to execute to on our strategy and we look forward to reporting to everyone again when is our next earnings call. Its a little earlier than usual, I think its May 30th, is the day to mark for our next earnings call. So with that, thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for participating in todays conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-12-06 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Kim Duncan - Vice President, Investor Relations and Administration Albert White - President and Chief Executive Officer Brian Andrews - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Analysts: Jeffrey Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Inc. Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC John Hsu - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets Matthew Mishan - KeyBanc Capital Markets Brian Weinstein - William Blair & Company, L.L.C. Jonathan Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Matthew O'Brien - Piper Jaffray & Co. Christian Moore - JPMorgan Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co. Anthony Petrone - Jefferies LLC Christopher Hartstein - Guggenheim Securities Robert Cottrell - Cleveland Research Company Steven Lichtman - Oppenheimer & Co.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Q4, 2018 The Cooper Companies Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following managements prepared remarks, we will host a question-and-answer session and our instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. It is now my pleasure to hand the conference over to Ms. Kim Duncan, Vice President, Investor Relations and Administration. Ma'am, you may begin.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon. And welcome to The Cooper Companies fourth quarter and full-year 2018 earnings conference call. During today's call, we will discuss the results included in the earnings release, along with our 2019 guidance, and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Al White, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Andrews, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market or regulatory conditions and integration of any acquisitions or their failure to achieve anticipated benefits. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the Company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward-Looking Statements in today's earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including Cooper's Form 10-K, all of which are available on our website at coopercos.com. Should you have any additional questions following the call, please call our investor line at 925-460-3663 or e-mail ir@cooperco.com. And now I'll turn the call over to Al for his opening remarks.
Albert White: Thank you, Kim and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter 2018 earnings conference call. This was a year of record revenues, earnings per share and free cash flow. I am proud of our team for everything we accomplished and believe we are extremely well positioned with our growth strategies firmly intact and momentum on our side as we enter fiscal 2019. The fourth quarter was a continuation of what we've been discussing regarding capitalizing on current market conditions through incremental sales and marketing investments to win new fits within CooperVision and driving strong performance of PARAGARD within CooperSurgical. Overall, our strategic investments are paying off and I am happy with our revenue growth rates and momentum. Having said that, gross margins at CooperVision did come in below our expectations this quarter and at a high level, there were two reasons. The first relates to our desire to maintain extremely high customer service shipping levels in the face of our distribution, our significant distribution center upgrade activity. The redundancies we've added to accomplish this have resulted in higher costs, but I strongly believe the importance of maintaining premium customer service is more important than the negative short-term impact. Second, the rapid growth in our daily silicone hydrogels franchise resulted in incremental charges against legacy hydrogel products due to things like product discontinuation, and lower production volumes. Brian will cover this in more detail, but these items reduced EPS this quarter by $0.14. Regarding revenues, we remain focused on driving success by capitalizing on our strong product portfolio and accelerating investments within both businesses. This activity helps support a very strong fourth quarter with consolidated revenues of $652 million, up 16% year-over-year. Within this, CooperVision reported quarterly revenue of $481 million, up 9% or 10% pro forma with a noticeable uptick in our daily silicone hydrogel lenses showing pro forma growth of 50% driven by accelerating growth in both Clariti and MyDay. CooperSurgical reported record revenue of $171 million, up 40% or up 5% pro forma led by PARAGARD growing a healthy 20%. Moving to the details. CooperVision posted very strong revenue growth in all three regions with the Americas up 8%, EMEA up 9% and Asia-Pac up a strong healthy 19% all pro forma. The Americas strength was driven by Clariti and MyDay, with MyDay in particular gaining significant traction following the launch of the Toric a few quarters ago. EMEA also saw accelerating sales for Clariti and MyDay along with solid results from Biofinity and Avaira Vitality. Asia-Pac continued posting strong results driven by jumping Clariti along with strength in MyDay and Biofinity. Growth in Asia-Pac remain highly diversified from a geographic and product portfolio perspective and we are seeing strong returns on our investment activity in that region. In other products and categories, Biofinity and Avaira combined to grow 7%, with strikes seen in a number of markets around the world. Torics grew 11% and Multifocals grew 7%, all pro forma. Turning to the broader soft contact lens market, which has now reached $8.5 billion in revenues on a trailing 12-month basis, we're continuing to see strong growth led by the shift to daily silicone hydrogel lenses, broader product offerings and geographic expansion. Daily lenses continue to drive the majority of the growth, and now accounting for roughly $4.4 billion or 52% of the market. And within dailies, silicone hydrogel lenses are 30% of total daily revenues and continue to be the primary growth driver growing 35%. With respect to New Fit Data, CooperVision continue to see significant strength, especially with respect to daily silicones, so our momentum remained strong. Before moving to CooperSurgical, I want to spend a couple minutes on daily silicone hydrogel lenses, our key account strategy and our efforts around customized product offerings. Regarding daily silicone hydrogel lenses, growing this part of our business is extremely important and will remain so for many years. The shift to daily silicones from a reusable lenses generates roughly 2x to 3x more revenue and a 20% plus trade up from daily hydrogels. This is great for the industry and I'd expect all contact lens manufacturers to share in this multi-year trade-up move as a rising tide should lift all boats. What's unique to Cooper though is our current market share within dailies is only 17%. This compares to the roughly 30% market share we retain in the reusable lens space and it shows if we can get our fair share of new daily fits, we should see many years of strong growth. And obviously I believe we can do that with our current product portfolio and investment strategies and the New Fit Data supports that. Regarding key accounts, which includes global retailers, regional chains and large buying groups have had the opportunity to spend time with the executives from several of these accounts recently and I'm extremely impressed with their strategic thinking and their desire to grow the contact lens category. We're going to continue supporting and even strengthen our support of these partnerships and I strongly believe these relationships will continue providing a win-win scenario with CooperVision and our partners both experiencing long-term sustainable growth. As part of this effort, we did further accelerate our investments in key accounts during Q4, expanding our sales and support teams while increasing related promotional and advertising activity. Lastly, regarding our customized product offerings or continuing to invest heavily to improve our distribution labeling and packaging capabilities. This includes several new distribution centers, including ones in Spain and the UK, which just went live, expanding existing distribution centers in several locations and completing numerous projects to increase automation in our facilities. We're completing all this activity while ensuring we maintain premier shipping levels to our existing customers so as not to disrupt our current sales momentum. We're also fiercely loyal to our independent practitioners, supporting them in many ways, including our unique digital marketing and support platforms such as Eye Care Prime, and our subscription model LensFerry. In summary, this activity is all focused on supporting our partners and shifting wearers to CooperVision faster, remembering that a key part of this strategy is we operate in an annuity business where the upfront cost of winning new patients more than pays for itself in the long run, given how long wearers stay in their lenses. Moving to CooperSurgical, we reported record quarterly revenue of $171 million, up 40% or 5% pro forma. Within our office and surgical products business, revenues grew 12%, pro forma led by PARAGARD, up 20%. PARAGARD was very strong in this quarter, although some of that was due to channel inventory expansion is optimism about future demand is growing. It's tough to quantify the inventory impact, but I do believe these inventory levels will hold steady if not expand as we continue promoting the product. Regarding sales activity, we continue to invest heavily through higher advertising and targeted promotional work and we added another 10 sales reps this quarter, increasing our total rep count to 70 with 50 being direct and 20 being internal. We remain confident this product offers a high margin, multi-year growth opportunity, and as such, we're continuing to invest in. Outside of PARAGARD, our other office and surgical products grew solid 7% with continuing strength seen in several products, including our Endosee Hysteroscope and our next-generation uterine manipulator, which both grew solid double-digits. Fertility was weaker-than-expected, down 6% pro forma, led by channel inventory contraction associated with consolidating distributors from our LifeGlobal integration along with product re-registrations tied to our new manufacturing facility in Costa Rica, which is now producing product. We believe the vast majority of the distributor consolidation in re-registration activity is behind us and that we enter fiscal 2019 in a good position. Also within Fertility, our genomics business declined again this quarter, but the restructuring activity is finally behind us and the business is now highly focused on IVF clinics with a roughly $40 million annual run rate, which should now be stable to trending higher. The important takeaway on Fertility in my opinion is our business is healthy and we exit this year expecting mid-to-upper single-digit growth in fiscal 2019. Speaking of fiscal 2019, Brian will cover guidance in detail, but on revenues, we're guiding CooperVision to 6% to 8% growth and CooperSurgical to 3% to 6% growth, both pro forma. I believe the contact lens industry will continue to be strong, growing in the 5% to 6% range and we should certainly take market share. Frankly, I believe we'll be 7% plus, but it's prudent this early in the year to guide to 6% to 8%. In conclusion, I want to highlight that I'm really excited about our market positions for both CooperVision and CooperSurgical. We've entered fiscal 2019 from a position of strength and I believe our focus on growing revenues, while investing in infrastructure puts us in an excellent position to deliver a strong long-term shareholder returns for many years to come. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Andrews: Thank you, Al. Good afternoon everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis. So please refer to today's earnings release for a full reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. Al covered revenues, so I'll focus on the rest of the P&L and guidance. For the quarter, consolidated gross margins improved year-over-year to 66.5%, up from 65.9% last year. Within that CooperVision's gross margin declined 360 basis points to 64.1% from 67.7%, with the primary driver being currency, which was a 210 basis point drag. The remaining 150 basis points was split primarily between two items. First, internal freight and secondary handling costs were higher than normal as we incurred significant costs associated with redundancies we implemented in order to maintain premium service levels while adding, expanding and upgrading our distribution centers. The second item was higher than expected inventory and equipment write-offs associated with older products as the shift to daily silicone hydrogel lenses is accelerating. As our legacy hydrogels decline, we'll continue to assess the speed of that recovery of that activity and the impact on a manufacturing and inventory levels for legacy products. We expect costs in both of these areas to be higher than normal through fiscal 2019 before we start seeing leverage. Having said that, we expect to hurdle a significant portion of these costs, as you will note in our guidance, which meets our prior commentary of low double-digit, constant currency operating income growth. CooperSurgical's gross margin improved significantly to 73.1%, up from 59.6% with the addition of PARAGARD along with improvements in product mix as some of our higher margin medical devices products are now becoming large enough to have a positive impact on our overall gross margins. Regarding expenses, consolidated operating expenses increased 19.2%, driven by the acquisition of PARAGARD, along with significant investments in selling and marketing in both businesses and distribution within CooperVision. R&D was up 18.7%, reflecting new product development work including activity around myopia management. Consolidated operating income grew 13.9% in the quarter with operating margins at 26.7%. Below operating income, we reported $20.3 million of interest expense and a $1.7 million FX loss due to negative currency moves against our intercompany loans. Our effective tax rate was 6.1%, which was lower than expected primarily due to excess tax benefits from the exercising of stock options. Non-GAAP EPS for the quarter was $2.87 with roughly $49.9 million average shares outstanding. Within this, FX was $0.31 negative year-over-year, which was $0.02 worse than we had forecasted last quarter in our guidance. One other item I want to mention is a positive event, but one which we excluded from our non-GAAP earnings this quarter as it was a culmination of prior period activity. This was the realization of $14.2 million in tax credits we received related to the development of MyDay in Puerto Rico. Based on the minimal tax benefit to us, we began selling the credits and received roughly $8 million in Q4 with additional proceeds coming this fiscal year. We realized the full gain of $14.2 million in our P&L this quarter and other income, but excluded it from our non-GAAP EPS. Moving to cash flow. We posted a very strong quarter of $193 million of free cash flow comprised of $237 million of operating cash flow, offset by $43 million of CapEx. This reduced net debt to $1.949 billion with our bank-defined leverage or net debt to adjusted EBITDA decreasing to 2.21 times. Regarding full-year fiscal 2018 results, consolidated revenues were $2.533 billion, up 18% or 7% pro forma. CooperVision revenues were $1.882 billion, up 12% or 8% pro forma, and CooperSurgical's revenues were $650.8 million, up 40% or 2% pro forma. Non-GAAP EPS was $11.50, up 19% and free cash flow was strong at $475 million. Moving to fiscal 2019, we are introducing guidance of consolidated revenues of $2.6 billion to $2.66 billion, which is comprised of $1.94 billion to $1.98 billion at CooperVision, up 3% to 5% as reported or 6% to 8% pro forma growth. And $660 million to $680 million at CooperSurgical up 1% to 4% as reported or 3% to 6% pro forma growth. Within these numbers, it's important to note that we forecast currency having a negative year-over-year impact of $61 million with the heaviest impact being early in the year. On a consolidated basis, we expect non-GAAP earnings per share in the range of $11.30 to $11.70 based on 50.1 million shares outstanding. Within this, we forecast currency to have a negative impact of $0.55 with a majority of the impact in the first half of the year. As this guidance assumes roughly current FX rates  all this guidance assumes roughly FX rates of our primary currencies being $1.13 for the euro, $1.27 for the pound and $1.13 for the yen. Moving to high level detail within the P&L. We expect fiscal 2019 gross and operating margins to improve slightly year-over-year. Interest is expected to be down only slightly as we're assuming three separate 25 basis point interest rate hikes. For taxes we're assuming 14%, but that could go lower pending finalization of U.S. proposed regulations, continued legislation from Global Taxing authorities and audit settlement discussions we're engaged in. Note, this tax rate does not include any assumption for excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation associated with the exercising of stock options, but it does include an estimate of our normal scheduled testing of equity brands. Lastly on guidance, we are not providing quarterly details, but given the number of moving pieces especially with respect to currency early in the year we'll note that we're currently expecting Q1 operating income to be down slightly year-over-year and Q2 to be up only slightly. In both Q1 and Q2, we expect the effective tax rate to be little lower than in the back half of the year. On free cash flow, we expect it to be similar to this past years $475 million, although we believe there's upside about $500 million depending on CapEx requirements associated with growth in our one-day silicon hydrogel franchise. And with that, I'll hand it back to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of Jeff Johnson with Baird. Your line is now open.
Jeffrey Johnson: Hey. Thanks guys. Good evening. Hope you can hear me okay.
Albert White: Yes. Hey Jeff.
Brian Andrews: Hi.
Jeffrey Johnson: Hi guys. Al, so first question for you. Just on the Asia-Pac numbers, I mean obviously they've been strong for a long time, double-digits I think for  I don't know 3 or 3.5 years at this point. But they have kind of taken an uptick here in the last few quarters. One just  what's the sustainability on the Asia-Pac CVI kind of double-digit and solid double-digit growth? And then I know you've been pointing a lot to some of these key accounts and some of the big retailers in that, we've heard about a couple you won in Europe, some added activity here in the U.S., but kind of talk to me about the retail environment in Asia and where you might be winning some deals or how big of an effort that is there as well?
Albert White: Yes, good question. Asia-Pac obviously had a really strong quarter and has done really well for a number of quarters. The future remains bright there, and we have a good strong 23% global market share, but we're still under indexed in Asia-Pac, at about a 16% market share. So I envision years of strong growth there, frankly. We have invested heavily on key accounts around the world that includes within the Asia-Pac region there are opportunities there. As a matter fact there's a couple exciting opportunities we're working on right now that I hope we get and will help continue to drive the double-digit growth for many years. So I won't get into those details, but I will say that we are spending money building our key accounts, we're spending money on the advertising, the promotional activity and feed on the street in Asia-Pac and I'd say I feel good that you're going to continue to see double-digit growth in that region.
Jeffrey Johnson: All right, that's helpful. And then Brian, can you just help us on CVI gross margin, I know you don't guide, margin by segment, but obviously currency is going to have a headwind. It sounds like in the first half of the year, but then the pound starts helping in the back. So it seems to me there's going to be more volatility potentially around CVI gross margin this year than maybe in some of the past years. So any kind of color you can give us just on how to think about the gating of that line item throughout the year?
Brian Andrews: Yes, I mean, I would expect that it is going to be flat more or less year-over-year and obviously you had a pretty large FX impact this quarter and then some operational things that impacted, but I would say overall flat.
Jeffrey Johnson: And if you say flat overall is that down in the first half and up in the second half, again just some gating throughout the year color?
Brian Andrews: No, just really just flat throughout the year.
Jeffrey Johnson: All right, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Lawrence Biegelsen: Hey, guys. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. So a couple for you, Al. So on the Q3 call, you appear to be comfortable with  let's say $12.05 for fiscal 2019 or low single-digit reported EPS growth. So can you walk through kind of what changed from the Q3 call to today, where you are at about let's call it $11.50 at the midpoint or flat year-over-year? And I had one follow-up.
Albert White: Yes. You have a couple factors there that we touched on. You have to kind of piece it together from some of Brian's discussions, but obviously currency has moved against us since then and we're now looking at roughly $0.55 negative year-over-year currency impact, so that was a decent amount worth. You look at the effective tax rate, we said 14%, I think we finished the year at 7.7% if I'm remembering right, so a little bit bigger of an amount hurdle there. And I guess the other point I would add is some of what I touched on earlier in the call there, which was some of the costs associated with the activity around the growth in daily silicones and distribution and logistics activity.
Lawrence Biegelsen: That's helpful. And then obviously you finished the year very strong in the second half in CVI, and I heard your commentary on fiscal 2019 and the guidance, obviously you have potentially a couple of new competitors coming. So my question is what makes you so confident in the 7% at the midpoint and hopefully better in fiscal 2019 with new competition coming? Thanks for taking the questions.
Albert White: Yes. Sure. Yes, I look at the last three years for CooperVision, it's been kind of 7.5%, 7%, a little bit over 8% here this last quarter. I mean we've had good strength and good momentum for a number years. We have the products. We have the ability to sell those products. We're meeting good solid shipping and delivery and logistics. We're putting advertising and promotional dollars there. So there's a lot of positive activity and when I look at the new fit data that makes me feel good about us being able to continue to post strong growth. Fully acknowledging the world is  as its with issues and there could be some recessionary type activity following appreciating. We have competitors who are looking to launch new products and maybe not as fast as what at one point people thought they were going to, but still coming at some point. So there's pluses and minuses, but when I look at our product portfolio and what we have going on today, the momentum we have with key accounts and different spots around the world, I feel pretty good that we should have another strong year this year.
Lawrence Biegelsen: Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Lawrence Keusch with Raymond James. Your line is now open.
John Hsu: Thank you, guys. This is John Hsu in for Larry. Couple of quick questions, one strategic, one financial, just on the strategic side, obviously your key accounts, it sounds like the strategy is going pretty well. I guess maybe related to that is $5 million per quarter still the right way to think about the incremental spend and maybe also as part of that Al if you could answer, if you signed any new key accounts in the fourth quarter and specifically are there any contracts specific with Clariti?
Albert White: Sure. Yes, thanks John. I won't get into individual accounts or signing new accounts. I will kind of confirm that. Yes, the key account strategy is going well. Yes, we are making product  we are making progress with relationships that we currently have and looking at some new relationships, so feeling good about that. The $5 million per quarter, yes, that's probably a good way to look at it. The only kind of asterisk I would put on that is the more success we have, the more we would be willing to support those partners that we have in terms of moving incremental new fits to CooperVision. Those costs that get associated with that our upfront cost and the life of that wearer is worth a lot more than that. So I hope that the key account strategy continues to progress as well as it's been progressing, so that that $5 million per quarter holds for a little while here. Obviously, once some of that tails off those cost can tail off too, so we'll see how that plays out.
John Hsu: Excellent. Thanks for that. And then just the financial question, how are you thinking about capital deployment in 2019? Is it still fair to assume that maybe debt pay down is a higher priority with the remainder for tuck-in M&A in share repurchase?
Albert White: Yes, I would say that's true. We had a strong quarter certainly with respect to cash flow this quarter and the team did a fantastic job, cleaning up some inner company loans and so forth, so we could get some cash move back over and we paid down debt under $2 billion. So a very strong step in the right direction in this quarter and Q3 was strong also. So I would say, hey, we're still raising rate environment. I am certainly fine taking proceeds and paying down debt and keeping a decent eye on smaller tuck-in acquisitions if we can find them and they make sense meaning they provide sufficient returns and at the same time looking at now maybe start to deploy some additional dollars towards share repurchases.
John Hsu: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Joanne Wuensch with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Joanne Wuensch: Hi, good evening. A couple of questions. Could you give us an update on your product portfolio, particularly with fresh competition in Torics from Bausch & Lomb and Alcon? And I'm just going to ramble off to two other things quickly. In a rising interest rate environment, how do we think about interest expense next year? And you may have given this and I missed it, but what is your gross margin guidance for next year?
Albert White: Yes. Let me touch on those and Brian will add some color here if I missed anything or say something wrong. On the product portfolio, we're in great shape obviously with our existing product portfolio kind of across the Board right now, so we're pretty heavily focused on selling the products we have and be that Clariti or MyDay are Biofinity or Avaira Vitality and so forth. We do have products kind of in our back pocket so to speak that we'll be looking at rolling out over time and we'll see how that plays out, but we do have products, we are ready to be in a position of launching products in the near-term. Having said that, we're going to focus with the products we have in the marketplace right now where we're seeing pretty significant growth. On interest expense, we're assuming three interest rate increases this year, which means interest expense will just kind of go down slightly year-over-year and gross margins, even in the face of currency on a consolidated basis, should increase a little bit similar to operating margins.
Joanne Wuensch: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Matthew Mishan with KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Matthew Mishan: Great and thank you for taking the questions. Al, how are you thinking about the impact of Brexit, and could you put some conservatism in numbers given that's like smacked out in the middle of your fiscal year?
Albert White: Yes, great question, Matt. It's a little bit of a tough one for us versus some of these guys who will be at calendar year-end. You could imagine we've been doing a ton of work on Brexit. We might be a little bit better off than some of the other multinationals and that we manufacture product and have distribution centers in the UK and Europe and other spots, so we're fairly diversified. But yes, we did factor in costs associated with Brexit in our guidance. We've done some work around increasing inventory in some locations outside of the UK to minimize any potential disruptions if there is kind of a hard exit if you will. I think there's risk for all of us if they can't come to some sort of decent resolution. So I won't speculate on that. I think we'll get some answers on that fairly soon and I'm kind of keeping my fingers crossed. But short answer being, yes, doing a ton of work on it, yes, included some costs in our guidance for next fiscal year.
Matthew Mishan: And then just a follow-up on the gross margin. How should we think about the timeline of the changes you're making in distribution? When those facilities fully come on line? And also I think you were talking a little bit about the gradual decline of the equipment in inventory charges. Can you just walk through like the timing of both of those through next year?
Albert White: Absolutely, yes. So if we look at the distribution side, you have two components of that. You have distribution expense, which is going to be higher this year, we're going to see that throughout the year and probably some even into 2020 as we start all these facilities up and complete all this automation kind of activity. And then I think you'll see  my guess is, distribution expenses kind of grow equal with revenues in fiscal 2020 and then we'll start seeing some real leverage out of that. If I look at the impact to us internally, which hits in our cost of goods, you're going to see higher costs here, because we have some duplicative costs and some inefficiencies, because I mean, basically what we're doing here is we're kind of like think of it as the analogy of we're changing the tires on the car while the car is moving. I mean we're continuing to run our business, maintain very high quality shipping standards and so forth, while doing all these upgrades and we decided to do all that while maintaining premier customer service, so that's costing us some. The nice thing about that is we should have higher cost this year, while we take care of all of our customers and so forth, but I would expect to see that starting to decline as we move through this year and probably be gone next year. So we'll see those kind of improvements in fiscal 2020. That would kind of be the piece. Then when I look at the other side, we did have a very strong quarter in Q3 and a very strong quarter in Q4 when it comes to silicone hydrogel sales, all indications are that's going to continue for the market and for us. That puts pressure on our legacy hydrogel products. When we look to discontinue some of the products or when we cut back on manufacturing volume and end up either writing up inventory or writing off some equipment. So I think we're going to have some of that activity, I think we're going to see kind of heightened cost associated with that in fiscal 2019, but then I think all the pluses of the power if you will of the successes around all the daily SiHys moves will allow us to be in a year-over-year improving position in fiscal 2020. So I kind of like our chances for a good fiscal 2020 based on that.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Brian Weinstein with William Blair. Your line is now open.
Brian Weinstein: Hi guys. Thanks for taking the questions. Al, you had mentioned  somebody had mentioned, I think on the call something about recessionary activity, it's one of the things that we were going to ask you about. We haven't really seen a weaker economic environment as you guys have been rolling out daily silicone hydrogel. So can you talk about what you think the U.S. [indiscernible] demand is if we were to see the macro economy start to tip over a little bit in the U.S. and elsewhere?
Albert White: Yes, I mean I definitely think if you look at history, we're a recession resistant business. We've seen that before where we've hit heavier recessions and the contact lens industry still grows, and I would expect that same thing here. You have the product trade up, you still have geographic expansion, you have expansion of products themselves better towards better multifocals and so forth. So it obviously depends on the extent of the recession and what happens, but I would say that even in a decent recession the contact lens market still going to be flat to growing and I would expect us to be growing faster than the market.
Brian Weinstein: All right. And then speaking about the market, I mean you talked about it being $8.5 billion now with dailies, I think you said 52% of the market and SiHys there on a daily side in about 30%. I think historically you've talked about that eventually getting to 50%. Is there any change in where you see that going? Do you now have confidence that it's potentially above 50% of the daily market and how long do you think it takes before we get to that point?
Albert White: Yes, I mean I think that what you're seeing right now and you hear from the competitors are people are coming out fully recognizing, acknowledging whether it's the manufacturers or the practitioners themselves that yes daily silicones makes sense, right. Because I mean for a little while as I do silicones make sense in the daily, do you need them or do you just need them in reusable. Well no, you need them in daily that's best for the eyes, best for our patients. We all understand that and the whole market industry is moving in that direction. So to me I think when you look at the percentage of silicones and reusable lenses, which is now like 82% and you look at what's ultimately going to happen within the daily market, and how much of the daily market moves there, I certainly believe that will go over 50%. As a matter of fact, I believe it will go well north of 50%. So we'll see how that plays out in the timing and so forth, but everything from the market perspective is indicating that, that growth is going to continue. That strong growth is going to continue and yes I strongly believe we'll be well north of 50%. Ultimately, we'll see where it goes, but I think it's going to be much, much higher than that.
Brian Weinstein: Thank you, Al.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Jon Block with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Jonathan Block: Okay. Thanks guys. Maybe two questions. Al, first one for you. If you really could tell daily number, I guess what I'm trying to ask is do you have an estimate of the incremental market share that you believe you are now capturing within the dailies market relative to the 17% share that you cited today? And then maybe just attack on to that? Also just want to ask if there was any benefit this quarter with calling catch up on Energys, which I believe may have had some manufacturing constraints last quarter? And then I've just got a follow-up?
Albert White: Yes, quickly on Energys, I would say that we have some effort going in there, but  and the product is certainly doing well and growing. I can't remember the number, but well, well, well north of what Biofinity is growing. So I wouldn't say there was a catch up in there, I think the Biofinity number and Avaira combined at 7% was kind of a true number. As I mentioned last quarter, we do have capacity that's come on line in Q2 and Q3 so I think we're in a better position to continue to grow that, but I wouldn't put a lot of emphasis on that. When you look at the daily SiHys side of things, we talked about this in the past, it's a little tough when you get to see a live data growth versus net and everything else, but at the end of the day silicone hydrogel lenses grew about 35% market wise for the third calendar quarter and obviously we're growing well north of that.
Jonathan Block: Okay. So that 35% just to clarify, is sort of relative to the 50% plus that you cited?
Brian Andrews: That's right.
Jonathan Block: Okay, got it. And then just to shift gears over to CSI, so PARAGARD  really strong number 20%, I think you mentioned some channel in there, but I'm just curious from a rep perspective where you think you may top out and it's hard to maybe predict that when you're growing in that sort of rate, but just thinking about tying this back to drop through an OpEx leverage within the PARAGARD franchise you're up to 70% where do we start to see that level off? Thanks for your time.
Albert White: Yes, I think we're probably getting to that point where that means to level off here fairly soon. I think that if we have a lot of success and things are going really well, could that get up to 100 sales reps I mean, I would say that's possible that would probably be the high point if I had to guess based on that product and the analysis that I've seen and we've done internally. So I would kind of say yes, we're at 70% that includes 20% internal. Do we continue to add people? Maybe. I go again I wouldn't see us going any higher than 100. I do think that that offers kind of that product is a mid single-digit grower this year and next year in the following year we're in a good spot with good momentum on that. So let's see how that plays out. The stronger that is, the more we would look at adding select sales reps in very, very targeted marketing and sales activity in certain cities where we don't cover right now.
Jonathan Block: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Matthew O'Brien with Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
Matthew O'Brien: Thanks so much for taking my questions. Just one market question for you Al and then a follow-up. I was a little bit curious to hear you talk about the outlook for the market in 2019. You're coming off of about a 7% growth rate in this market. It sounds like the dealers are going really well. So I'm wondering why you're backing off that ever so slightly, that I don't want to over read it too much. Also within there, are you starting to see fall-out rates or dropout rates come down slightly because of more and more use of dailies?
Albert White: Yes. Well, quickly on dailies, right, you have to love them, I mean you don't have solutions. So what you end up with is people moving into dailies and they're much more compliant and yes the dropout is not as high. Now having said that a lot of those wearers have spectacles, then they're going to wear glasses and so forth, so it's a little different kind of thing on the reusable space. When I look at the market, yes, I mean you're right I mean the markets, if I look at trailing 12 months has grown around 7% something like that. I think  the market is going to continue to be pretty strong. We've talked for number of years about the market growing 4% to 6%. We were scratching our head for a while as to why it was at 4%  with everything going on. Now you've seen that acceleration, it's moving up into that more consistent 6%, 7% kind of growth each quarter and obviously that moves up and down a little bit. But you see that you see us growing faster than that. I honestly think that's going to continue. I do  I believe the market's going to stay strong. I think J&J is doing a nice job and I think they're going to stay strong trading upwards. Obviously everyone sees what Alcon is doing and trying to come to market and buy shares and you know what where we stand and you know my optimism about where we are. I don't want to get ahead of ourselves, right. We're given initial guidance for the year and we're looking at where we're going on a full-year basis and there's a lot of things that could happen, and a lot of different moving parts around the world. But do I feel good about the market being 4% to 6% and being in the upper part of that or even a little bit above that, yes. And do I feel good about us in the 6% to 8% and being able to push towards middle or upper part of that, yes, I do.
Matthew O'Brien: Okay. And then the follow up is a little bit of a strange one on the CSI business. But you worked with Utah Medical on this Filshie Clip sterilization business. They've comment that you're kind of backing off of that business. So are you just more focused on selling PARAGARD at this point or is there a product issue specifically with that you're stepping away from or are you going to shut that business and then focus on the higher margin products going forward?
Albert White: Yes, I mean, I won't comment on a specific relationship or a product like that's a relatively small product. I will say that, yes, we are heavily focused on PARAGARD. There's no question about that. But when I look at the Filshie Clip, which is part of the rest of our office of the surgical products business, those medical devices, I mean we had another strong quarter at 7%. That's a good business. Mark Valentine runs that business for us, out of trouble, he has done really nice job there driving growth in that business. So we are absolutely focused on our medical devices, our core OB/GYN business there in addition to PARAGARD and we'll continue to be heavily focused on that business in fiscal 2019.
Matthew O'Brien: Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Christian Moore: Hey. Thanks for taking the question. This is actually Christian on for Robbie. Just have few on CVI, not to deliberate the market outlook plans. But Al, I know you mentioned that you see it growing in the 5% to 6% range. What's kind of your time frame for that outlook? The reason I ask is because, one of your competitors that's been off soon recently mentioned that they see a 4% CAGR in the 2018 to 2023 range. So where just kind of your perspective differ on that? And then  on that as well, do you have anything baked in for 2019 for any kind of different impact for Alcon as the standalone company? And then I have one more. Thanks.
Albert White: Yes, I believe and you correct me if I'm wrong, but I believe when Alcon was kind of making their comment of 4% growth, that was a broader comment and I believe they were including solutions in that. If that's accurate, that would explain it. Obviously, the solutions market is under pressure, because of the growth of the dailies. So I think when you look at the contact lens market to be saying that it's a 5% plus grower, 5% to 6% or whatever, I believe we probably have five years in front of us because I think the shift, the trade up shift from hydrogen dailies to silicone hydrogels dailies frankly probably has five, six, seven years in front of us. So I think that will drive pretty decent growth for a long time. I think that that shift alone is going to put a lot of pressure on contact lens solutions. We have a contact lens solutions business, it's relatively small, but it actually declined year-over-year for us. So I'm assuming that they included that in there. And then, when you look at the impact from Alcon, it's hard to speculate on that I mean, I think that that would certainly be built into our 6% to 8% guidance that we gave.
Christian Moore: Got it. That's helpful. And then just a follow-up, you start to talk more recently about the customized product offerings, which I know is used to be called private label. We're not using the terminology anymore. Could you just help us understand how much of the existing base, maybe not hard numbers, but just at a high level, how much of your existing base is driven from that customized product offerings and then where you kind of see that going forward in the future in terms of becoming a much larger portion of Cooper's business? Thanks.
Albert White: Sure, yea. And private label being part of customized products, it falls under that umbrella, right. When I look at customized product offerings, we're talking about it could be all the way to specialized lens, product customized packaging, distribution, labeling, shipping of a whole variety of things, right, the store, brand, name and so forth. So it's a broader component than just saying private label. And I think that's key, because when people think of private label or when I think of private label, you could think about going into the grocery store and grabbing a different milk. It goes well, well, well beyond that, this entire kind of customized product offering that we have. And frankly, I believe the market is going to continue to shift in that direction, which it has been. The market is kind of splitting and saying, hey branded is important, there's no question about that, but these customized product offerings are important also. And being able to offer premier shipping and specialized customized services to people is very important. So that's a big part of our business right now. I guess I won't put numbers on it, but I'd say it's a pretty decent part of our business right now and it's growing. I mean we're here to drive new wearers to contact lenses, we're here to help our partners, drive those wearers. So at the end of the day the key thing for us is, there is wearers out there they're going to practitioners offices and we want to help that whether that's a retail chain or buying group or whatever it is, but we want to help that partner grow the category and help them retain their wearers. So all that kind of customization is a big sell point for us in terms of being able to do that.
Christian Moore: Great. Thanks for taking the question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question will come from the line of Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Isaac Ro: Good afternoon, guys. Thank you. The first question on CSI, second one on free cash flow. On the CSI side, it seems like your guidance for next year a little conservative when we consider how well PARAGARD is doing and the fact that you're calling for a return to growth in the fertility side. So can you maybe help us reconcile kind of some of the push pulls on what would get you to sort of the higher end of the range versus lower end, just trying to think about where you guys see risk in either direction on that part of the business?
Albert White: Yes sure, and I hope you're right, I hope that, that range is conservative. We thought about that, a decent amount as we were pulling it together, because I think that the fertility business is going to be mid-upper single-digit grower, including the genomics piece in there. And I do think PARAGARD is going to be mid single-digits and I'd like to think that frankly both of those have some upside. And then I look at the base business that we've always talked about low single-digits and we've had a couple good quarters there and I'd like to think that continues strong. So I feel maybe overly optimistic, but being in the upper part of that range is something we can do. Having said that, the base part of the business for a number of years was relatively flat. A lot of those products are older products, so we've had some success, but if that goes back to kind of being flat, it's a decent size, decent part of our business and if PARAGARD is indeed a mid single-digit grower, I could see us getting towards the bottom end of that range. So I would hope that doesn't happen and I'm optimistic it won't, but I think again, to start the year off that's kind of a good prudent range to provide.
Isaac Ro: Makes sense. And then on the free cash flow, interested in some of the moving parts between working capital changes and CapEx. And the reason I ask is, it look like you guys are on track for a pretty good uptick year-on-year this year for CapEx. I think last year was just over a $100 million, this year trending closer to $200 million. So if you can give us a sense of, when you  when you mention the investments you're making to serve the customer for next year, what that means for the CapEx trajectory and whether or not there are any other moving parts and working capital that would help derive that free cash number that you guided to? Thanks.
Albert White: Yes. I wouldn't put too much on working capital. We've a lot of growth outside of the U.S., which puts some pressure on working capital. I think you'll get a little fluctuation, because some of inventory and we discussed Brexit a little earlier, maybe being a little higher and then coming down, but then that I probably wouldn't put too much on that. I think the bigger pressure point is on CapEx related to daily manufacturing lines. At the end of day, I think that's the key point. We have a number of new lines coming in right now that we've ordered. I feel good about all the capacity expansion that we're doing. If we keep going like we're going, we might have to order some additional lines and you're going to have more payments. So I definitely think we're going to be over $200 million of CapEx this year. I mean, we're ordering in anticipation of continued strong growth. So I think you'll see that and that'll be the kind of one thing that holds back CapEx a little bit, otherwise we'd probably get a pretty good pop. This operating cash flow is going to show a nice increase. So I think we'll see how that plays out during the year. I'd say, yes, it feel pretty good about at least being able to put up another strong year approaching 500. And we'll see, I mean as I said earlier on something else, I kind of would like to see all this key account business continue to grow and our revenues continue to grow strong as it is which would mean maybe order in a couple of more lines which should be okay.
Isaac Ro: Okay. Thanks for all that detail.
Albert White: Yep.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Anthony Petrone with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Anthony Petrone: Thanks for taking my question. Just a few on margins and I'll just throw them out there. Maybe can you give us a sense Al of just margins from key accounts, is that a headwind or is that a neutral factor? And then maybe a little bit of color on the British pound, obviously that's down, I'm just wondering when should we expect that benefit to roll through the P&L? And then lastly just on sales force expansion, obviously that was a build in 2018, are those done and is that a neutral factor for next year? Thanks.
Albert White: Sure. I'll take those backwards. Sales force expansion we are still continuing to add to our sales force, but more in the normal course of business right now adding sales people as we grow make sense, see that in Asia-Pac is a good example. But I wouldn't pull that out as we had in the past and say oh that's a big kind of all this expense or something associated with this year because we're in pretty good shape with the sales force expansion that we've done over the last couple years, so Id kind of say hey that's normal. With respect to the pound, we'll see what's going to happen with Brexit and that pound can move around a lot obviously. That rolls through our P&L six months later, we still manufacture a decent part of our product in the UK and then those cost could capitalize where that currency rate is and flows through our P&L roughly six months later. So there is a delay in terms of the pound. And if you're trying to model our currency rate, you get the obvious, immediate impact on currency and revenues and operating expenses with the lag in the pound, which I know creates problems now and then when trying to model individual quarters, but that's the easiest way to think about it is a six month lag. With respect to key account margins, I'm going to answer that from an operating margin perspective, which is the way that we have a tendency to look at our business and that we try to make it a win-win. We try to make it a win for our partners who we're working with, who are going to drive revenues and drive profitability and we try to do the same for us. So I'm not going to really get into the specifics around any individual or even key accounts in general, but we've obviously built all that into our guidance and we do expect even in the face of currency operating margins to expand a little bit this year over last year.
Anthony Petrone: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Chris Pasquale with Guggenheim Securities. Your line is now open.
Christopher Hartstein: Hi, this is Chris Hartstein in for Chris. I have another question on the surgical side of the business, over a year-ago when you announced the PARAGARD deal, you gave accretion guidance of $0.70 to $0.75. If I remember correctly this guidance assumed a 4% interest rate and a 35% U.S. tax rate, both of which look a bit conservative year later. Could you please provide where the accretion shook out for the full-year there? Thanks. I have a follow-up.
Albert White: Yes, sure. I'm not going to give you specific number on that because honestly I haven't calculated it. I will agree with you that from the time we did that deal, when you look at the tax rate and you look at the success of the business, the revenues, because obviously we gave some initial revenues guidance versus where we came in that is turned out to be a very nice deal and the returns on that are much stronger than we had anticipated they were going to be when they did the deal. Having said that, let's not forget that we did add a lot of sales people, I mean initially we were looking at our existing sales force and medical device products, selling that product we've split that now where we have kind of the two sales forces, one selling medical device products, one selling PARAGARD and we've done a lot of advertising and promotional work there in order to drive success in fiscal 2019. So at some point I believe those sales groups have come back together, maybe that's a couple years out, but we'll pull that together so we're selling as a more one unified front, but I'd say yes a number of more pluses than anything, but a number of investments in that business also.
Christopher Hartstein: Okay, great. That's a nice lead in for my next question. In that same vein it's now been three straight quarters or above trend growth in the PARAGARD business, given the investments you've been making there, and a year after there is a news in Journal of Medical study linking hormonal contraceptives to a higher risk breast cancer. While you still view this as a mid single-digit grower as we look ahead into fiscal 2019, especially considering the easy accounting related comp in 1Q? Thanks.
Albert White: Yes. I'm optimistic about PARAGARD growth and as a matter of fact, we've made some good advancements there. I mean we have a new website if you go to paragard.com, which is much better I think than the old one and we're doing some really targeted marketing activity. The marketing team there has done a really, really nice job, I'm impressed with everything coming out of that group. And it builds on you're right, the New England Journal of Medicine publication and so forth, which is a positive for that product as a non-hormonal IUD option. I would say all that stuff positive, all good, feel good about the momentum, feel good about the opportunity for a multi-year growth strategy. I always try to temper that with this is a product that's been in the market for 30 years. So you are seeing IUDs grow, you're seeing our product actually obviously show better growth in the marketplace there and feel good about it. But it is a product that has been around a long time. So I definitely do not want to get out in front of ourselves there. I'm hoping that we can continue to put up some good numbers there though.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Robert Cottrell: Hey, good evening. This is actually Rob Cottrell on for Steve. Thanks for squeezing me in here. Two quick questions around longer-term outlook; one, with the trade-up to dailies, can that frequent replacement other line continue to grow in that 2% range over the long-term?
Albert White: Yes, that's a good question. When you look at that reusable market, it is growing a little bit, it grew just a little bit this quarter, we're obviously growing a little bit faster. I believe that where we're probably settling in right now when you look at the reusable market meeting all the two-week in the monthly market that there is some growth there from products like Biofinity Energys and some of the Torics and some of the Multifocals out there and there are some growth opportunities as you move into more emerging markets, because of the cost point of those. So I do think that we're going to be flat to up slightly there. I think that's probably the way to look at it long-term or at least for many years in front of us. All the growth  real growth will be coming from dailies and especially silicone hydrogels to dailies. But I think the reusable market flat to up a little bit probably is where it holds.
Robert Cottrell: Great. Thanks Al. And then lastly, just you mentioned myopia control leading to increased R&D activities. Have you put any numbers around the opportunity for that either near-term or longer-term?
Albert White: We have not yet. Stay tuned on that that's something we're excited about. We're definitely excited about that. We're excited about the clinical work we've done. We're excited about the reception that we're seeing from the market, some of our key accounts who are more strategic and kind of looking ahead a little bit more are analyzing that to see how they can properly roll that out. We're trying to work with them on that. So that is an area we're excited about and intrigued about, but it's still early stage. So no, we have not put numbers on that but stay tuned.
Robert Cottrell: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Steven Lichtman with Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Steven Lichtman: Thank you. Hi guys. Just going back to Asia-Pac, you talked about the strength there earlier in your prepared remarks, Al, I think you specifically talked about a jump in Clariti in Asia-Pac. Is there something in particular that's opened up in the Asia-Pac market specifically for Clariti or nothing really to call out?
Albert White: Yes, I'm not sure I highlighted anything in particular necessarily other than the region has a little bit lower market share and the size of it is a little bit lower. When you look at Clariti, it's doing well there. We're rolling out in a number of countries there and I'm not sure I'd highlight necessarily anything specific other than, yes, product is doing well on it is actually accelerated off the prior quarter.
Steven Lichtman: Got it. And then Al, as you look at your outlook for the market, is your underlying assumption on price relatively flat? I mean, what's your overall view on price as you think about price increases versus rebates, et cetera?
Albert White: Yes. Right now it's flat, youre right. If you look at core pricing maybe going up a little bit, but the rebate activity creating an environment where net it's flat. That's kind of how we're looking at it right now. I probably say this every call, but I'd love to see pricing start to move up. That could be some easy growth for us. We are not forecasting or assuming that right now.
Steven Lichtman: Got it. Thanks Al. End of Q&A
Operator: Thank you. And there are no further questions in the queue. So now, it's my pleasure to hand the conference back over to Al White, President and CEO for closing comments or remarks.
Albert White: Yes. Great. Thank you everyone, I appreciate your time. And we're going to continue to plug away. We're going to continue to work hard. Everything we talked to you guys about, we're going to continue to work hard and continue on and look forward to catching up in roughly 90 days again on our next quarter and hopefully delivering a positive message. So with that we'll sign off and speak with everyone later. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation on today's conference. This does conclude our program and we may all disconnect. Everybody, have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-08-30 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Kim Duncan - Vice President, Investor Relations and Administration Albert White - President and Chief Executive Officer Brian Andrews - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Analysts: Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities Lawrence Keusch - Raymond James Jonathan Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co. Brian Weinstein - William Blair Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co. Matt OBrien - Piper Jaffray & Co. Matthew Mishan - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Christian Moore - JPMorgan Anthony Petrone - Jefferies Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company Steven Lichtman - Oppenheimer & Co.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Cooper Companies Incorporation Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only-mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays conference, Kim Duncan, Vice President, Investor Relations and Administration. Maam, you may begin.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon, and welcome to The Cooper Companies third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. During todays call, we will discuss the results included in the earnings release along with the updated guidance and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on todays call are Al White, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Andrews, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements, including all revenues and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market or regulatory conditions, and integration of any acquisitions or their failure to achieve anticipated benefits. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data, or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that cause  could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward-Looking Statements in todays earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including Coopers Form 10-K, all of which are available on our website at cooperco.com. Should you have any additional questions following the call, please call our investor line at 925-460-3663 or e-mail ir@cooperco.com. And now Ill turn the call over to Al for his opening remarks.
Albert White: Great. Thank you, Kim, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. We made a lot of progress this quarter, and Im happy to say our strategic investments are paying off through accelerated revenue growth and strong momentum. As we continue driving success by capitalizing on current market conditions and our strong product portfolio, we have accelerated investment activity around several initiatives, including advertising and promotions associated with key accounts at CooperVision and PARAGARD and CooperSurgical. Were confident this investment strategy will result in continued strong revenue growth. Regarding our third quarter consolidated financial results, we reported revenue of $660 million, up 19% year-over-year, which is an all-time high for the company. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $3, up 14% year-over-year. Overall strength in revenues, gross margins and a lower tax rate were offset by planned spending and incremental currency headwinds, including FX being $0.10 worse than we had forecast for the quarter. Looking at our two businesses, CooperVision posted record quarterly revenue of $489 million, up 12% or up 9% pro forma. We saw a noticeable uptick in our daily silicone hydrogel lenses with pro forma growth of 43%, driven by MyDay and clariti posting solid growth worldwide. CooperSurgical posted record revenues of $171 million, up 44% or up 6% pro forma, led by stronger than expected growth of 9% from PARAGARD. Moving to the detail. CooperVision posted solid revenue growth in all three regions with the Americas up 8%, EMEA up 6%, and Asia-Pac up 4%, all pro forma 14%. The Americas strength was driven by a very strong quarter for clariti and MyDay. In particular, the launch of MyDay Toric is going extremely well and were seeing a halo effect on the sphere, where MyDay sphere posted really strong results. EMEA posted solid results against a very challenging comp with growth in the region driven by our full suite of silicone hydrogel products, including our dailies and our Biofinity and Avaira suite of products. Success was especially evident within our key accounts, where we have been heavily focused and gaining traction. Asia-Pac continued posting very strong results, driven by our silicone hydrogel dailies and Biofinity. This is a fantastic growth region for us and our investment strategies around key accounts, sales force expansion and geographic expansion continue yielding a lot of success. So overall, Q3 was a very strong quarter for a number of reasons and we expect the strength to continue based on our momentum. On products, Biofinity and Avaira combined to grow 7% pro forma. Regarding Biofinity, we were slightly capacity constrained again this quarter, but have already added capacity and will be adding even more in the coming months. This capacity expansion will help the entire Biofinity franchise, but especially Biofinity Energys, where demand has exceeded supply, as this new product has been more successful than expected. Regarding Avaira, total sales declined slightly, but the Vitality upgrade is now finished outside of a few small markets, where were awaiting final regulatory approval. A nice takeaway is that, we had growth outside the Americas, where weve generally been able to focus on selling rather than transitioning the product, and thats a good sign for future results. Turning to product categories, we remain a global leader in Torics and Multifocals and grew 9% and 10%, respectively pro forma. Growth was driven by our silicone hydrogel lenses, including MyDay Toric, which is being received extremely well in numerous markets; and clariti multifocal, which posted strong growth. Turning to the broader $8.3 billion soft contact lens market, were continuing to see strong growth led by the shift to daily silicone hydrogel lenses, broader product offerings and geographic expansion. Daily lens has continued to drive the majority of the growth now accounting for roughly $4.3 billion, or 51% of the overall market. And within dailies, its no surprise that silicone hydrogel lenses are driving the majority of that growth. With respect to new fit data, CooperVision saw significant strength with new fits solidly outpacing our market share and this was especially true for silicone hydrogel dailies. This strong new fit data is a great sign for continued robust growth and is a nice segue in a topic I want to spend a couple minutes on and thats key accounts. Key accounts is a general term we use, which includes global retailers, regional chains and certain buying groups. This is a topic many of you have heard me discuss recently, as these accounts are growing faster than the overall market, and we expect that to continue as a sustainable long-term growth trend. As such, we have been proactively investing in this area and our performance has been exceeding expectations, which is reflected in our revenue growth and strong New Fit Data. We further accelerated investments in this area in the third quarter, expanding our key account management sales and support teams, while increasing related promotional and advertising activity. This is in conjunction with our heightened investment activity enhancing our distribution and packaging capabilities to improve our ability to provide customized product offerings. All this activity is focused on supporting our partners and shifting new wearers to CooperVision faster than in the past, as we look to capitalize on our robust portfolio silicone hydrogel product and current market conditions. A key part of this strategy is remembering, we operate in an annuity business. And while the upfront cost to win new patients will tail up, the revenue from these patients will continue for many years as new wearers stay with their lenses on average seven years. Its also important to add that the independent practitioner remains an important part of our business, and we will continue fully supporting this channel, including through our unique digital marketing and support platforms such as Eye Care Prime. Given all this, we are more confident in our future revenue growth and are raising CooperVisions Q4 pro forma revenue growth guidance to 8% to 10%. Moving to CooperSurgical. We reported quarterly revenue of $171 million, up 44% or 6% pro forma. This was driven by our office and surgical products, which grew 8% pro forma, led by PARAGARD up a healthy 9%. Regarding PARAGARD, based on the momentum weve been seeing, we have increased promotional and advertising support and recently added a number of additional sales reps. We remain confident this product offers a high-margin multi-year growth opportunity and are investing accordingly. Outside of PARAGARD, but still within office and surgical products, we had a very strong quarter with strength in several focused products, including our Endosee Hysteroscope and our next-generation uterine manipulator, adding to some unexpectedly strong buy-in activity at some of our older products. Meanwhile, fertility grew 4% pro forma, led by fertility solutions, which includes products such as media and medical devices growing double digits. This growth was offset by softness in our genomics business, where significant time was spent completing the transition away from carrier screening and NIPT. This process wasnt easy, but we moved quickly and are now returning our full focus to the IVF clinics, which is exactly where we want to be. Were a global leader in fertility and our engagement with fertility clinics around the world is very strong. We offer market-leading product throughout our portfolio, including media, micropipets, embryo transfer catheters and certain genetic tests. And this product portfolio has been growing nicely, which we expect to continue. In conclusion, I want to highlight that Im really excited about our market positions for both CooperVision and CooperSurgical. To summarize a few key points, CooperVision posted a very strong quarter with 9% pro forma growth, led by strength throughout the world, including a nice uptick in the Americas and very strong growth from our daily silicone hydrogel franchise. CooperSurgical posted pro forma growth of 6% with strength seen in several areas, including PARAGARD growing 9%. Given our strong product portfolios in both businesses, combined with current market dynamics, were excited about the future and look forward to maintaining our strong momentum. And with that, Ill turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Andrews: Thank you, Al, and good afternoon, everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to todays earnings release for a full reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. As Al mentioned, revenues were strong this quarter and gross margins also showed nice improvement, increasing to 67.4% from 64.8% last year. CooperVisions gross margin was 65.9%, up from 65.5% last year. Improvement was seen from positive manufacturing efficiencies due to the higher volume moving through our plants and favorable product mix of Biofinity and the shift to Avaira Vitality being key drivers. This is partially offset by the negative impact of currency and a modest increase in rebate activity. CooperSurgicals gross margin improved significantly to 71.7%, up from 62.4%, driven by the addition of PARAGARD. Regarding expenses, consolidated operating expenses grew 20.8%, driven by advertising and promotion activity supporting key accounts and PARAGARD, and a 27% increase in R&D related to new product development work, including activity around myopia management. Operating income grew an impressive 27.5%, with operating margins improving to 27.8%, up from 25.9% last year. Below operating income, we reported $22.8 million of interest expense and an FX loss of $2.7 million from negative currency moves against our intercompany loans. Our effective tax rate was 6.2%, which was lower than expected, primarily due to the realization of investment credits associated with offshore manufacturing expansion and excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation. Non-GAAP EPS for the quarter was $3, with roughly 49.7 million average shares outstanding. Within this, FX was $0.10 worse than we had forecasted. We had posted 100  we posted $183 million of free cash flow for the quarter comprised of $235 million of operating cash flow, offset by $52 million of CapEx. Free cash flow is very strong, helped by improved working capital management, including executing on an advantageous receivables program. With this strong cash flow, we reduced total debt to $2.294 billion and net debt declined to $2.146 billion. Our bank-defined leverage or net debt to adjusted EBITDA decreased to 2.45 times, which moved us a tier lower in the pricing grid, thus reducing our borrowing rate by 25 basis points. Regarding guidance. For fiscal Q4, we expect total company revenues in the range of $634 million to $649 million, including CooperVision revenues of $468 million to $477 million, up 8% to 10% pro forma; and CooperSurgicals revenue of $166 million to $172 million, up 3% to 6% pro forma. Non-GAAP EPS guidance is $2.90 to $3, assuming a roughly 8% effective tax rate. Within this, our FX assumptions from the time we provided guidance last quarter reduced revenue by roughly $10 million and reduced non-GAAP EPS by $0.13. On a full-year basis, this translates to consolidated revenue guidance of $2.15  $2.515 billion to $2.53 billion, with CooperVision at $1.869 billion to $1.878 billion and CooperSurgical at $646 million to $652 million. Full-year non-GAAP EPS guidance is $11.55 to $11.65, and free cash flow is still expected to be around $423 million for the year. Regarding fiscal 2019 guidance, were not going to get into details at this time other than to say that were focused on driving strong revenue growth and low double-digit constant currency operating income growth. As is our practice, well provide full guidance on our December earnings call. And with that, Ill hand it back to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Baird. Your line is now open.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Good afternoon, guys. Can you hear me, okay?
Albert White: Hi, Jeff. Yes.
Jeff Johnson: All right, great. So, Al, I just want to dig into the key account commentary a little bit. I guess a couple of questions on that. One, breadth versus depth of those accounts, these investments in that, have you won any new key accounts any that you can talk about versus how much are you going deeper maybe capturing more business there? And then how much of the new distribution center capabilities, I think, in Rochester some of the new robotics and labeling stuff that youve been working on hasnt yet come on, or maybe it does here in the near-term? But how much does that maybe set you up in the near to  or longer-term, Im sorry, to kind of win additional in that business, or take even bigger share in those retail accounts and other key accounts?
Albert White: Yes, Jeff, good questions. On the first point on key accounts, this is  were talking about new business here. So one of the things thats interesting is, as weve done more work with what were calling key accounts in some of the large retailers and other operations around the world, weve been winning new business there. So when we go in and win business with a new account, that is frequently a multi-year contract. And some of those contracts are very large, and were in the early stages of those contracts. So when you win that kind of business and you get the opportunity, you have the chance to go in there and be aggressive and work with the partner in terms of increasing your advertising, your promotional activity with that partner to drive new wearers to your products faster. Thats what were talking about doing. So were kind of in a unique opportunity here, where were winning some business, we won business, we actually have some business opportunities that were working on that were pretty excited about. So were talking about executing upon contracts. And thats different than what we discussed in the past. We talked about adding sales force and putting more feet on the street. Weve done that. Well, thats proven to be successful. Some of that success has resulted in some new multi-year contracts, and now we need to execute on that. So pretty excited about that and it kind of props up our future revenue growth. If you look at the DCs, we have been doing a lot of work on that. Youre exactly right to really upgrade our distribution centers and our capabilities around labeling and packaging and shipping smaller units and so forth. A lot of that activity is in process right now. Well start that at the very beginning of this next fiscal year and kind of slowly roll that out through our distribution centers. So we dont have shipping problems and so forth, and youll see that in the coming years. Now, one of the things that you naturally get any time youre doing the kind of work were doing in DCs, which includes opening brand-new distribution centers, expanding distribution centers and upgrading distribution centers, is you build those out for future growth. So you naturally end up with inefficiencies there, because you have excess space or excess capabilities and so forth and you grow into those over time. So I think, were probably at that stage from a distribution perspective, where were on the front side of that and were dealing with the burden of higher costs and so forth. But as you said or kind of alluded to, right, it positions us really, really well to be able to win these contracts and continue to be able to offer things, the key accounts that, that they require in order to to win bigger pieces of their business.
Jeff Johnson: Yes. And I guess, my follow-up on that would just be, so if I look at your FX guidance, it looks like the cut you made the full-year kind of fits perfectly with the $0.10 and the $0.13 that youre talking about as headwinds this quarter next. But that would also mean none of the revenue upside, or at least the pro forma organic growth upside is not flowing through the EPS and thats  I would assume thats just again, because youre reinvesting that, its the DC investments, its the promotional investments in the new key accounts things like that. Is that the way to think about it that you  that just doesnt flow through because of those investments?
Albert White: Yes. Youre absolutely spot on. So FX kind of brought us back. We incorporated that. Our tax rate came in a little bit lower this quarter and little bit. It looks like it could be a little bit lighter. But we are increasing our investments. Most of that stuff, the vast majority of those incremental investments are associated with winning wearers faster from contracts that we already have. I think, thats a key point. This isnt about putting feet on the street, hoping to win businesses, this is executing on business that we want. And were in a great position from a competitive standpoint of having products available, premier products available in the marketplace. We have the most robust silicone product portfolio in the market right now and now is the time to be proactive and aggressive and capitalize on that.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Larry Biegelsen: Hey, guys, thanks for taking the question. Hey, Al, can you just clarify one thing in Jeffs question. Could you  is FX $0.23 worse since last time, or is it $0.13 worse since last time?
Albert White: Yes, its $0.10 worse in Q3 and $0.13 worse in Q4, so $0.23 in the back-half of the year, but at $0.10 and at $0.13 by quarter.
Larry Biegelsen: Perfect. Then for my questions, I wanted to focus on 2019 now. When you look at the full-year 2018 guidance for Cooper overall, its about 6%. It looks like pro forma CVI about 8%, but the second-half is much stronger than the first-half of the year. So how should we think about the momentum into fiscal 2019? Should we be looking kind of at full-year 2018 guidance as the jumping-off point for the second-half of 2018 as the jumping-off point? I did have one follow-up.
Albert White: Well, Ill tell you. I look at it a little bit more as the second-half of this year. We have good momentum in both businesses right now. Were investing accordingly to take advantage of that. I would anticipate, you see that return, so to speak, starting to show up in revenues in the  in fiscal 2019.
Larry Biegelsen: Thats helpful. And then, sticking with that fiscal 2019, just turning to EPS, I heard the commentary there. But could you maybe quantify some of the headwinds, tax, how do you see that sequentially at this point, interest and FX? So could you just help us just refine some of the comments you made or Brian made in his prepared remarks versus how to think about earnings in 2019? Thanks for taking the questions.
Albert White: Yes. I think that if you look at headwinds kind of and Brian was referring to operating income growth, we obviously have taxes. Were probably looking right now, I would say, at around an effective tax rate of, lets say, 14% something like that with respect to next year. And I will fine tune that number as more tax information comes in and we do our work and so forth. So we can give you a better number in December. But right now I think, thats probably a fair number to plug in there. Were doing a great job on cash flow generation. Well be generating cash. Well be focused from a capital perspective and kind of paying down debt, maybe looking at a couple of small tuck-in acquisitions if we can find them and some stock buybacks. But I think, well get in a situation, where debt reduction will help offset any future interest rate increases. Well see how that plays out. Again, well have more color on that by the time we hit December. And then FX, and FX is always a little bit of the wild card. So when I look at it though, one of the points, I think, thats an important takeaway is, we are doing incremental investments here in order to drive our revenue growth. But as a company, were still going to put up strong OI growth. And thats why were going and saying, hey guys, double-digit or low double-digit OI growth on a constant currency basis is something you can still expect from us even with these enhanced investments. So next year by nature its a little bit more of a challenging year for us, if nothing else just because of having to hurdle the big jump in the effective tax rate.
Larry Biegelsen: Thanks for taking the questions.
Albert White: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Larry Keusch with Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Lawrence Keusch: Thanks. Good afternoon, everyone. So, Al, I just want to stay on the topic of the spending. And look, I think, clearly, the top line reflects a lot of the efforts here. And I think, youve been, in fairness, suggesting that you were looking to invest more. But I just want to be ultra clear as we think about this going forward. Do you anticipate that you will be in investment spending mode here for the next several quarters? I dont know, if you want to sort of think of it as you move into 2019? And I guess, the other part of that question is, theres a lot of proactive nature to this and focusing on the accounts. But Im also wondering if youre seeing anything out there in the marketplace that also suggest you that you need to spend more to keep that top line engine going?
Albert White: Yes, Larry, I would say, probably a key point here is, no. Were not seeing something out in the marketplace, its saying, Oh, we have to go spend a bunch more money in order to drive our growth or to keep it at certain decent number. Were looking at it saying, From a market position, where were today with our products and with our offerings and our capabilities, we believe were in a position right now where we can execute and take a lot of share. And what Im talking about is new wearers, new fits, and thats what youre seeing. Were seeing that in a New Fit Data, which continues to be very strong for us and our New Fit Databeing solidly ahead of our market share. So when I look at something like that and I say, okay, New Fit Data coming in strong. Were winning business from key accounts. We need to execute on that and take advantage of it and convert wearers. You convert a new wearer and you spend a couple of extra dollars to get that new wearer and obviously, and youre promoting, youre working with your partner, youre making that happen. You have that wearer for a long period of time, as I mentioned, seven years on average. So youre getting a fantastic return on that. So right now, its a matter of saying, Hey, we can drive higher growth. I mean, you havent seen CooperVision posting numbers like 9% pro forma growth in the long time. Thats a really solid number. Our guidance for this quarter 8% to 10% pro forma growth, its a really solid guide. So I look at this as, hey, were investing and so forth, but weve proven that it can be a successful. We just put up a good number in Q3. Were guiding to a good number, and we feel confident were going to be able to put up good numbers. Now when you look at the future, were working on another opportunities out there. I mean, frankly, I hope we win those opportunities and we continue to capitalize on them. So you never know with the market. You have competitors, they come out with new products and they do different things. But when you have opportunities, you take advantage of the opportunities. And to me, thats exactly where were at right now.
Lawrence Keusch: Okay, perfect. That makes a lot of sense. And then I guess, just the second question is, so in Asia-Pacific, which on a comp-adjusted basis decelerated last quarter and then accelerated this quarter. Again, just thoughts on whats doing well there in Asia-Pacific, because it feels very strong right now?
Albert White: Yes. The Asia-Pacific region is strong. Youre right on that. The thing I love about that region when you look at it is how diversified the growth is. Well talk a lot in the Americas about the trade up to dailies and the trade up to daily silicones within that. You look at the Asia-Pac region, were getting growth from our full portfolio of products there. Daily silicones are doing really well. Our Biofinity is doing well. Even some of our traditional hydrogel products are doing well there. Youre seeing diversified growth geographically. Meaning, theres a number of different countries that are driving growth there for us. And youre seeing opportunities with some of the key accounts some of the bigger chains and so forth there that were getting in the door and having some opportunities with. Keep in mind, were under indexed in Asia-Pac. So were investing there in order to be able to drive that growth. I think, some people at certain points have thought that our investments in sales force expansion and so forth was really a U.S. dominated theme, but it  but its not. Its also Asia-Pacific. And youre right, we do have a good runway there for many years of strong growth.
Lawrence Keusch: Okay, terrific. Thanks, Al.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jon Block with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Jonathan Block: Great. Thanks, guys. Good afternoon. Just two relatively quick ones. The first one, I also want to go back to the key accounts and just flush out a couple of things. Just the margin profile, Al, the key accounts, it seems like some of these wins are certainly helping to keep the top line momentum and we see that in your fiscal 4Q guide. But on the margin side, is it really the upfront cost to win the business, or is it the ongoing margin structure of the key accounts? Is that a bit lower due to the fact that there are larger accounts and maybe some pricing concessions, maybe if you can flush it out a little bit?
Albert White: Jon, a lot of that is really upfront costs. And what were trying to do right now is change the way weve handled some of these opportunities from the past. So if we had a similar opportunity with some of these key accounts, we would go in there and we would convert whereas to our products working with our partner trying to make that happen. Now at times, we would tighten our belt so to speak, because currency would move against us. Well, that is an example, would mean pulling back on some of that activity. Now that would pull back on some growth opportunities, but it would put a little better earnings in the very near-term to the bottom line. What were talking about right now is saying, lets not react to short-term currency moves. Lets take advantage of the portfolio we have. Lets invest those upfront dollars. Lets win those new wearers and well keep those wearers for a long time, so the returns are very strong on those. Youll see that in the outer years. Theres not a situation here where the margins are worse. Now each individual contract is different. But I would certainly not look at it as ongoing cost as much as I would look at it as upfront cost.
Jonathan Block: Okay, got it. So arguably, to your last point, those wins should start to payoff and materialize at some point, call it, back-half fiscal 2019 into fiscal 2020 is when we would see those returns really sort of flush through the P&L more meaningfully?
Albert White: Yes, depending upon the timing of any other new contract and so forth we KRW. But I think that if revenues start to come down, then our profit situation will be better than what it would have been before the strategy is being implemented.
Jonathan Block: Understood. Okay. And then just a quick shift over to the CSI part of the business and more specifically PARAGARD. So the revs at 9%, I think, last quarter was up 11%, I believe. I think that 9% was actually up on the difficult comp because of what went on right before you guys acquired the assets. So maybe just, Al, a high-level thoughts, good returns from the sales hires, are you ready to go ahead and say, hey, this is a high single-digit grow or mid single-digit plus, or how do we view PARAGARD longer-term? Thanks.
Albert White: Yes. Boy, the guys are doing a fantastic job there. I was impressed by that number and continue to be impressed by the work that the team is doing there around PARAGARD. And Ive seen some of the new advertising work and I think its spot on. So Im really excited about it and excited about the numbers. I still would probably temper some enthusiasm there. I think, well probably get a mid single-digit, maybe strong mid single-digit kind of growth number in Q4. And probably thinking our product has been in the market a long time. So maybe Im being a little conservative thinking mid single digits. But its a little tough one to answer like I dont want to get ahead of myself on that one. But the numbers keep coming in pretty strong. So for now, I would probably lean towards mid single digits. And frankly, if we can get mid single-digit growth out of that product at the margins that it has and the cash flow that it throws off, we would be really happy with that. Now, if we can invest a little bit more and get that to be a more sustainable kind of upper mid single-digit or even in the upper single digits, that would obviously be fantastic. So well see how that plays out, but pretty good results and pretty good momentum there right now.
Jonathan Block: Perfect. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Brian Weinstein with William Blair. Your line is now open.
Brian Weinstein: Hey, guys, thanks for taking the question. Talking about the new fits in your comments that youre outpacing the market, can you give us an idea about what the share of new fits are? And specifically, where were you referring to that? Was that Americas? Is that worldwide? And is that within the specific product category or not?
Albert White: Yes, Brian. So we get New Fit Data in different markets, a lot of that comes from the Americas here. We  what we try to do every single quarter and we kind of have it standardized internal model on the New Fit Data is look at all the data that we get here and from around the world and we pull that together and say, okay, whats the trend behind that? Now, its not the best data in the world, because there are some people who dont supply data, you can only get so much information. But frankly, over the years, weve accumulated a pretty good internal model that shows what the New Fit Data is and on an overall basis and then also down to some of the levels like on dailies and even sublevels like daily silicones and so forth, where we get some decent information. So when I look at that, the strength overall. So if I look at our overall New Fit Data strength, its quite a bit, Im not going to go into specific numbers, but its a decent amount ahead of where our market share is. And again, another quarter in a row, where weve seen that kind of strength and weve really seen some robust improvements in the daily silicone hydrogel fittings side. So when it comes to the New Fit, dailies SiHys, thats where were strongest and thats where were really trying to capitalize right now.
Brian Weinstein: Great. And then as a follow-up on the Biofinity constraints. What do you think that, that cost you in the quarter? And do you say that you probably would have those taken care of in the fourth quarter? I think, I missed that comment. Thanks.
Albert White: Yes. So we had a  we have had a little bit of capacity issues with Biofinity, meaning, demand has been ahead of supply. That was true a little bit last quarter, it was true again decent part of this quarter. We have already added new production capabilities. So our capacity is up to the level right now that we needed to be. Were adding more Biofinity capacity in this quarter. So were in a pretty good situation in terms of now being able to meet the demand thats out there. Im not going to quantify that other than to say, it did impact us. It probably impacted  well, it did, I think in my mind impacted Biofinity Energys probably more than the rest of the Biofinity franchise just in that, that product launch went really well. People are excited about it, and there was  there is a lot of demand for that product and thats, that kind of caused a little bit of a problem there. We obviously didnt get into it until really now, because now we fixed the capacity problem. So now were unconstrained and the team can go out there and aggressively sell Biofinity, including Biofinity Energys.
Brian Weinstein: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Joanne Wuensch: Hi, guys. Can you hear me, okay?
Albert White: Yep.
Joanne Wuensch: Wonderful. This is the first time, I think, in my memory that Ive heard you discuss the concept of key accounts and now investing them, I think, this with us previously. But I really want to make sure that I  that we spend just a moment more on it. Is there a reason that this is being discussed at this stage? Is there something in the market? Is there something in your portfolio? Why is this coming up now?
Albert White: Yes, great question, Joanne. If you look at the marketplace over the years and where weve had a lot of strength, as you know, weve had a lot of that strength with independent practitioners be that here in the U.S. or in different spots around the world. Weve had a lot of this success there. And that links back to the broad product offering we have with Torics and Multifocals and specialty lenses and so forth. Once we completed the Sauflon acquisition and brought clariti in, we had a mass market daily silicone hydrogel in, not only a sphere, but a Toric and a Multifocal and a unique product that were able to offer the marketplace. Not only can we offer it, we can make it. We have capacity. We can and we can expand capacity relatively easy. Thats allowed us to walk into a lot of these buying groups in these large retailers, who are heavy on the daily side, where weve had historically a difficult time winning business, winning some of these big opportunities. Well, what we build out a sale team  sales team, we went in there. We tried to win some of those opportunities, and say, hey, were here. We have the products. We have some of the best products out there in the marketplace. We can supply you. We dont have capacity issues. Were a market leader in terms of logistics and distribution. We can offer you unique capabilities in terms of labeling and packaging and so forth. That has been successful. Thats been successful. And theres always a little question mark around that about how youre going to do? Well, that CooperVision sales team Dennis Murphy and team has done an amazing job there, an amazing job, and they won some new opportunities. And once you get those opportunities, you try to take advantage of them. So thats kind of a position were in. We did start talking about a little bit, but its just become more important now. And now its driving up our revenue growth a little bit here in the near-term, its also driving up some of our advertising and promotional activity.
Joanne Wuensch: Okay, thats helpful. As a second question, I cant say as a follow-up. Im going to spend a little bit of time in foreign exchange, because thats impacting the third quarter, all of your fourth quarter guide and clearly its going to be there for over 2019. Can you walk us through at todays rate, what type of impact do you think you will be seeing in 2019, and remind us of the impact on gross margins, because it seems to me that will be  it will show up there also?
Albert White: Yes. So were not going to get into kind of those specific numbers as we move into next year. I mean, now well go through guidance and well update guidance and so forth in December and incorporate current FX rates in there. And youre right. I mean, that is something we have to deal with. Its a headwind out there. But I think that one of the points I wanted to make, at least, for next year is on a constant currency basis, we still are planning on delivering low double-digit operating profit growth. So we have some issues below the line there, but were still intent on driving that. Now you might say, okay, well, wait a minute. You guys are going to invest and youre going to have heightened investments. Fine, Im okay with that, because youre going to drive better revenue growth, how are you going to drive double-digit OI growth in the face of some currency and so forth. But we are anticipating gross margin expansion. So we do have a lot more volume coming through the plans. For us, volume is a good thing. It drives down our unit costs. We have more efficiencies, as we utilize equipment, utilize space and so forth and manufacturing. So I would say that versus maybe six months ago or something like that, probably when I look at fiscal 2019 a little bit better gross margin than what I was thinking we were going to do, but heightened expenses associated with that. But net-net still allowing us to deliver that double-digit constant currency that II growth.
Joanne Wuensch: Okay. Thank you very much.
Albert White: Yep.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Isaac Ro: Good afternoon, guys. Thank you. I just want to follow-up with another question on the efforts youre making here to push forward into the channel with marketing dollars. Im interested in sort of the ways in which your go-to-market dollars has been allocated maybe differently this time around versus in the past. And whether that be as you pointed out some of the larger customers versus just different mediums, Im just kind of curious how the strategy here is different now than it would have been a couple of years ago and just trying to get a better vision for where those dollars are being spent?
Albert White: Yes, its a good question and probably an important one, because when you look at some of our competitors in the marketplace and how we talk about advertising promotional sales dollars. What were talking about here is partner-related activity. So thats not TV ads. Were not talking about, hey, were going through a big strategic shift here and were going to have TV ads all over the place and ads all over and magazines and so forth. Thats not what were talking about. Were talking about doing what weve done well for many, many years, which is partner or work with our partners be their independent practitioners or buying groups or retail operations and so forth, work closely with them to help them be successful. A lot of those contracts, a lot of the work we do has buying discounts. So the more a retailer buys from us, the lower their pricing is. We want to work with them on that. We want more wearers coming to us faster. We want them to have the opportunity to get better price and we try to link all that together and be a good partner with them. The activity were talking about is investing in that  those  that sales side of that, the advertising, the promotional, trying to link that all together. So were a good partner with the big retailers. But its very similar to the advertising promotional sales work that weve done over the years.
Isaac Ro: Okay, makes sense. And just quick follow-up on the surgical side. Can you maybe give us a bit of a sense of whats embedded in the guidance for the rest of the fiscal year, as it relates to the impact of PARAGARD? I think, you talked a little bit about the long-term growth potential. But just trying to get a handle on kind of the next, whether its three to six months kind of whats the reasonable expectation as we exit the calendar year and start to benefit a little bit more from some of the marketing dollars you talked about?
Albert White: Yes. I would kind of think of PARAGARD being somewhere around that $45 million number for Q4, which means our full-year PARAGARD number is a couple of million dollars higher than what we thought it was going to be last quarter. And if you look at that, youre probably talking somewhere in that kind of mid-ish, maybe mid even to slightly up or kind of single digits. I think, thats probably where were going to come in, in the fourth quarter. Obviously, that can change a little. Its not that big of a product, the dollars arent that big. So if a little bit pushes into a quarter, that can swing it. But I think, we feel pretty good about that right now being at least a mid single-digit growth.
Isaac Ro: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Albert White: Yep.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Matt OBrien with Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
Matt OBrien: Thank you and good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. Just to put a maybe a little bit finer point, Al, on the outlook for the business next year, youve got currency going against, so youve got a higher tax rates, You are going to spend more money, which I think everybody understands. Is this a business that can have some EPS growth next year of a really difficult comparison? And then should we expect the big snapback in 2020 as maybe some of these investments wind down a bit?
Albert White: Yes, I mean, well see where FX ends up right in December. But as of today, I would certainly anticipate EPS growth next year, thats for sure. I mean, we need to hurdle the tax rate. But outside of the tax rate and were generating a lot of cash and well be paying down some debt. And yes, as of today, I dont know, why we wouldnt be growing EPS year-over-year. If I look at the following year assuming similar tax rate, yes, then youre going to see a much better fiscal 2020 EPS growth rate than you would see in fiscal 2019. Thats true. I think that when you look at our tax structure and so forth too, obviously, the tax rate is moving higher as part of tax reform. Well implement plans and strategies and so forth to do our best in terms of where we produce product and how we produce and ship and so forth to manage our tax structure. So yes, I would expect growth rates to be a decent amount better in 2020. And when I kind of look at 2020, 2021 and so forth, and these investments that were doing right now should return pretty good numbers in those years. And by the way, I dont want to go overboard here in these investments.
call:
Matt OBrien: Got it. Thats super helpful. And then as a follow-up. Can you talk a little bit about the MyDay Toric roll out? Where youre at as far as rolling that up to your accounts? And then sorry to do this to you a little bit just on the investment side, again. But I think historically, youve talked about getting to 30% market share here with some of these investments, these capabilities that you have now with Sauflon. Can we expect you getting to that metric faster, maybe by a year or two, or any kind of qualitative commentary be helpful there? Thanks.
Albert White: Yes. The MyDay Toric roll out is going really well, but we see that in many markets. We see it right here in the U.S., where that the  that product is being received really well. And whats exciting about that is the halo effect that were seeing on MyDay is here, because that product had a really nice quarter. So were really excited about where MyDay is at right now, and how that products being received in the market. And it kind of confirms, if you will, the strategy that weve had about having a multi-pronged approach of a premium daily silicone in mass market and a more traditional hydrogel. So it  were in good shape and thats being received well. So Im really happy about that. Obviously, saw the strong uptick in terms of daily silicone hydrogel numbers. So I think, thats good. I think that if you look at, I think, youre kind of alluding that to some past discussions, when  its very general numbers. When you look at our market share and you kind of go, okay, you guys have 23%, a very strong 23% global market share. But youre in that 30% range for Multifocals and 30% range for Torics and youre kind of in that 30% for FRPs and so forth and for silicones in general. We have been running at about 16% market share in dailies. Now that is improving. So that has  thats been true for a number of quarters. We actually moved up to 17% global market share in dailies this quarter. That number is accelerating. That is accelerating. So as the when we move that up and get to the same level and take our total market share up towards 30%, well see when that happens. But based on where we are today and the momentum we have today, yes, youre right that will happen faster.
Matt OBrien: Great. Thanks so much.
Albert White: Yep.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Matthew Mishan with KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Matthew Mishan: Great. Thank you for taking the questions. Al, is it a fair assumption that over the next couple of years MyDay or at least these dailies total 1 pretty much round out the full family of the dailies SiHys. And then traditionally, its positive for the brands. But kind of what do you think several brands doing around the same time can do for the category?
Albert White: Yes. I think its fantastic. I really do. I mean, you talk about a tradeup strategy, thats great for the industry and great for the wearer that is right where were at right now. Were still in the early innings of that. You want patients wearing daily lenses. Thats whats best for the patient. For their eye health, its best for them to wear daily lenses. Throw that lens out every day, put a fresh clean one in every day. You want them wearing silicone hydrogel lenses for the oxygen permeability to water content, the things we talk about in terms of the best combination of a lens that you can offer your patients. So this is not only a situation, where you have manufacturers offering premier products and its good for the manufacturer. Well, its good for the wearer also. So this is good for the marketplace. Its good for the health of people. Its good for manufacturers and the fact that you have  you mentioned J&J and Alcons products and ourselves as leading products in that space is to me fantastic. And we should all continue to push that and be successful with that strategy, and I think we will be.
Matthew Mishan: Great. Got it. And just a follow-up. How should I think about the accounting for rebates? Is it a net number reflected in sales, or do you get the full benefit in sales with an offset in advertising and promotion?
Albert White: Its a  its  the rebates are a reduction in revenues. So its  thats taken as an immediate reduction in revenues in the quarter.
Matthew Mishan: Okay. Excellent. Perfect, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Christian Moore: Hi, this is Christian on for Robbie. Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe taking a look at the overall contact lens market, strong results obviously from you today at 9% pro forma and the competitors as well. It looks like that market is kind of ticked up to the 7% range above the historical 4% to 6%. Kind of  if you could maybe break it down for us how much of that is attributed to the same product pricing uplift? How much is geographic expansion? And then how much of that is from that shift of overall product mix to dailies SiHys?
Albert White: Yes, youre exactly right. The market is stronger, and theres different dynamics that are driving that strength by competitors. So if you look at someone like J&J, as an example, theyre in a fantastic position. And I think those guys are doing a great job right now trading wearers up. And I think, they have a long road in front of them, the success there, because I think, they have a good team thats smart, thats doing a good job on that. So I would envision, they continue to be successful, driven by product trade up and you have obviously talked about our situation of focusing on winning some new wearers and capitalizing on our product portfolio, which includes the high-end and the more mass market silicone. But that, that is the driver of the market. That shift to dailies that were talking about is the driver of the market. Pricing, frankly, at the end of the day is relatively flat. You can look at a list pricing and pricing out there and say, is it increasing? Yes. I would say, it is increasing, but weve seen rebate activity also. Were starting to annualize that rebate activity, but rebate activity kind of offsetting that. So that pricing will be relatively neutral. The other component, youre right is geography. So there is still some geographic expansion. The established markets are relatively flat from a wearer perspective. But when you go into Eastern Europe and you go into China and certain markets, emerging markets around the world, theres definitely still wearer expansion there. So I wouldnt put a big part of the growth attributable to that, but thats certainly consistent kind of underlying driver of growth.
Christian Moore: Great, thanks. And then maybe focusing in on the daily SiHy space, Bausch & Lomb launching their products into the space in 4Q. What do you expect that you obviously youve seen accelerating results there? But do you see that as a benefit for all players in the market to help accelerate utilization there, or could pricing get worse than just kind of your high-level thoughts there?
Albert White: Yes. Unfortunately, I dont have much to say on that. I dont want to speculate on when Bausch is going to launch their product or how or where theyre going to launch it, or what price theyre going to launch it. So when information comes out on that, Im happy to comment on it. But for now, Id say, Im not in a position to speculate or guess whats going to happen there.
Christian Moore: Okay. And maybe just one last one kind of on the geographic perspective. I know that last quarter you mentioned that getting from the gray market activity under control. You expected a deceleration in Europe going into the back-half of the year. But we actually saw acceleration across geographies in the quarter. Do you see that trend continuing into 4Q? And then any commentary on if and what type of gray market activity youre still seeing? Thanks.
Albert White: Yes. The gray market activity that team has done a really nice job of working through that. So theres not a lot to discuss on that. I would say that, yes, Europe had a good quarter, very challenging comp. They certainly had a nice quarter. They have good momentum there that Mark already runs that, that business over there. He is doing a really nice job over there, and I would expect that to continue. There has been a heavy focus there, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks on key accounts and success around key accounts, and we have good traction there. And thats a region that links perfectly into the discussion weve been having on key accounts and why were investing. So I would envision that continues in Q4.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Anthony Petrone with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Anthony Petrone: Thanks. And maybe, Al, just to jump back to key accounts for a moment there. And is there a way to maybe quantify what percent of the global market actually runs through key accounts? And so youre 23% globally. As you invest in that part of the channel, what is sort of the upside potential maybe in share points or dollars over time once perhaps return start coming in from these investments? And then I have a couple of follow-ups. Thanks.
Albert White: Yes. I think, the key account discussion is a tough one, because its a pretty long discussion that one of the issues that you have is key accounts are not all the same. So you have some large retailer, some very large retailers, where the optometrist is essentially independent optometrist. Theyre not an employee of the retailer, so theyre renting space, so to speak, from the retailer. Then you go to the other extreme, where the optometrist is employed by the retailer themselves. Now, as you can imagine, if its an employee relationship, theres a lot more influence by the corporate office than if there is an independent relationship. And then you also have buying groups and so forth in there. But a large portion of the market is going to be related in some form to key accounts. And I would say, thats especially true because of buying groups. When you get into places like the U.S., you talk about independent practitioners. Theyre not nearly as many true independent practitioners as there have been historically. So that market is moving, thats why I kind of talk about a long-term sustainable trend. The market is definitely moving to these buying groups and allowing people to work together and buy in volume, take advantage of store brands and special packaging and offering and so forth, anything they can do to help lock down their customers. So I guess, just high-end answer would be key accounts are pretty sizable part of the market, but again, that much more complex than just a generic term.
Anthony Petrone: Yes. And the follow-up there would be just from time to time, the business has seen various different ebbs and flows within the distributor channel. And it seems like this is certainly a channel thats linked closely to distributors and different stocking levels and the like. So is there any  anything we should be looking out for as it relates to the level of stocking quarter-in and quarter-out as this process takes hold? And then last, just your comments, Al, just as youre looking at 2019, is high level competitively, J&J obviously at their Analyst Day has an aggressive launch plan and then Alcon, CIBA should be spun at some point next year, so just any thoughts there? Thanks again.
Albert White: Yes. We have not seen anything in terms of stocking level. So I know that there has been some discussion kind of in prior quarters, prior years certainly without some prior quarters in terms of some stockings, some up and downs associated with channel inventory levels. We havent really seen anything on that. Ours have been fairly consistent here. So I wouldnt attribute anything either way to kind of channel inventory for us. On a go-forward basis, the way that were handling these relationships, I would envision, well not have situations, where you get inventory or stocking levels moving up or down to a material level. If they do, well obviously communicate that is being part of the positive if it is or part of the detriment if it goes the other way. So were pretty open and transparent on that and continue to be. From a competitive standpoint, yes, its another and like I said at Bausch, its a little pop on Alcon. I know theres rumblings out there about them launching a new product and about them spinning into their own standalone company and Novartis doing that. And I dont know, you guys  Im not going to speculate on that one either you guys probably have as much if not more color than I do on some of that. And yes J&J has been pretty public about wanting to grow the business and I think thats fantastic. And I think, theyre going to continue to grow the business. And I think theyre going to continue to put up good numbers and Im  and thats good for the entire industry.
Anthony Petrone: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Steve Willoughby: Hi, good evening. Two questions for you. I guess, first, just regarding the Brians comments regarding 2019 in terms of low double digits operating income growth, excluding FX. I guess, Al or Brian, just what Im looking at it tax rate going from 8% to 14% and then given current FX rates. Im looking at about an 8.5% headwind to EPS growth, which would then put potential earnings growth next year in kind of the low single-digit range versus the 7% current consensus. So just wondering if you have any comments on that and then I have a follow-up?
Albert White: Yes, Steve. I dont think youre too far off on that frankly, at the end of the day. This is always a tough one, right? Because currency moves and a significant part of our business is offshore unlike some other medical device companies and so forth here. We have a large part of our business offshore and its growing nicely. So we do get hit more by FX than other companies. And then were in a little unique position, because of our fiscal year that we do get hit by that tax rate. So well obviously update for currency Well see where that stands in December, but I think, yes, I think generally speaking, youre in the ballpark, yes.
Steve Willoughby: Thanks, Al. And then just a second question kind of a couple of parter here. I guess, given the conversation around key accounts and Joanne commented that its never really come up before. It seems like from my stance, key account is being sort of a focus of the company for much of the last decade. And so Im just wondering kind of where new key account wins can come from, particularly given that youre really the only company that does private label in the space? And then just wanted also to be clear, youre not really assuming any impact from any potential competitive launches whether its one of your contacts Bausch or Alcon, et cetera? Thanks, guys.
Albert White: Yes, competitive launches, I mean, were  for our  for respect to this guidance, were basically a month in, right? So theres no launches out there, we have two more months. So no, theres really nothing in there obviously for competitive launches other than what we know as of today. So I mean, Im not quite sure what to add outside of that I know theres a lot of questions out there on a competitive standpoint, but were working on what we have. When you look at key accounts, Steve, yes, we talked about key accounts in the context of kind of buying groups in the context of working with some retailers you talked about some that weve discussed in the past here in terms of Costco or somebody in terms of private label opportunities. Where things have changed for us is our opportunity to go into these folks who some of who we have a relationship with and some of whom we have not had a relationship with and be able to go in and say, we have market-leading daily silicone hydrogel products. We have capacity to be able to supply them. We have the logistics to be able to get them to you. We have the packaging and the labeling to be able to do something unique for you. And we now have a sales team in efforts, where we can promote and work with you to ensure the success of those. That is a different animal than what weve had in the past. Now I know weve owned Sauflon for a few years. Its taken us a little while to get everything behind us. Its taken us a little bit to get all of our distribution stuff cleaned up going in the right direction, manufacturing, sales and marketing teams within key accounts and so forth. But were in that position and were doing really well. And were investing there and were starting to reap the rewards of all that work.
Steve Willoughby: Okay, thanks. Make sense, Al. I appreciate it.
Albert White: Yes. Sure. Yep.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from the line of Steven Lichtman with Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Steven Lichtman: Thank you, guys. Al, you mentioned that the independent practitioner remains important even as you increase investments on key accounts. Im just wondering from  relative to investment dollars, is any of the work youre doing on key accounts coming from spend previously earmarked toward independent practitioners and youre shifting some resources, or is this all incremental investment?
Albert White: Yes. Thats a great question. No, it would be incremental investments. I mean, when you look at the independent channel, we are continuing to invest there. I mentioned like Eye Care Prime as an example. And if people arent aware of that, I would encourage you to kind of go look at the website for Eye Care Prime. But I mean, thats a relationship management and marketing software tool that we offer to optometrist right now. And we have it in 12 countries and we have over $45 million patients that we work with through that tool. Yes, thats kind of a unique offering and we have other things like that. So we are continuing to invest and be active with respect to independent practitioners. Theyre a core part of our business and they remain a core part of our business. So I would not want anybody to think that in anyway were not going to fully support our independent practitioner friends.
Steven Lichtman: Got it. And then,. Al, you also mentioned potentially some tuck-in deals. Fair to say that M&A likely remains focused on the surgical side of the business? And what generally are your areas of focus as you look for some portfolio adds there?
Albert White: Yes, Id say that with respect to M&A, well see if we can find stuff. I would say, its going to be smaller tuck-in stuff whether thats vision or surgical, weve kind of done some small tuck-ins on both side of those. Well see if we can make something work there. If not, I dont mind paying down debt right now that, that would be okay to do and to earmark dollars to share buybacks is something else Im certainly comfortable with. So I think, were in a raising rate environment when you start looking at saying a little different utilization of cash, maybe even historically, if that makes a little bit of sense.
Steven Lichtman: Got it. Thanks, Al.
Albert White: Yep.
Operator: Thank you. And Im not showing any further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Albert White, President and CEO, for any closing remarks.
Albert White: Great. Thank you. Well, thank you, everyone. I appreciate it. Obviously, if you have any questions or comments or anything, reach out to us through our Investor Relations group and be happy to connect on that and look forward to catching up with everybody again in equity conferences and so forth and then our  on our December earnings call. So with that, well go ahead and end the call, operator. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude todays program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-06-07 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Kim Duncan - VP, IR Albert White - President and CEO Brian Andrews - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Lawrence Keusch - Raymond James Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets Matthew O'Brien - Piper Jaffray Chris Pasquale - Guggenheim Securities Anthony Petrone - Jefferies Matthew Mishan - KeyBanc Capital Markets Isaac Ro - Goldman, Sachs & Co. Robbie Marcus - JPMorgan Andrew Brackmann - William Blair Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 2018 The Cooper Companies, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only-mode. Later, we will conduct the question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder this conference call is being recorded. And I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Ms. Kim Duncan, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon and welcome to The Cooper Companies' second quarter 2018 earnings conference call. During today's call, we will discuss the results included in the earnings release along with the updated guidance and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Al White, Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Andrews, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market or regulatory conditions, and integration of any acquisitions or their failure to achieve anticipated benefits. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data, or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward-Looking Statements in today's earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including Cooper's Form 10-K, all of which are available on our website at cooperco.com. Should you have any additional questions following the call, please call our investor line at 925-460-3663 or e-mail ir@cooperco.com. And now I'll turn the call over to Al for his opening remarks.
Albert White: Thank you, Kim and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to our second quarter 2018 earnings conference call. We had a strong quarter and I'm excited to discuss the details along with some key strategic moves we've made. For the quarter, we reported $631 million in consolidated revenue, up 21% year-over-year; and non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.86, up 15% year-over-year. CooperVision posted revenues of $467 million, up 14% and up 6% pro forma, with daily silicone hydrogel lenses leading growth up 40% or 31% pro forma. CooperSurgical posted revenues of $164 million, up 44% and up 3% pro forma with PARAGARD and fertility solutions both posting double-digit growth. Moving to the details, CooperVision posted growth in all three regions with the Americas up 7% and EMEA and Asia-Pac both up 20%. On a pro forma basis, the three regions grew 6%, 4% and 11%, respectively. The Americas continued to show improvement and we expect that momentum to remain in the second half of the year with growth in the upper-single digits. EMEA had a tough comp but posted solid results, while Asia-Pac continued to post fantastic growth supported by strong results throughout the region. Overall, CooperVision continues to be driven by our strong suite of silicone hydrogel lenses. In particular, our daily silicone hydrogel portfolio of Clariti and MyDay were strong performers. The daily segment is a key driver for us and we believe we're in the midst of a multiyear trade-up that is still early in its life cycle and will deliver many years of strong growth. Outside of dailies, Biofinity and Avaira combined to grow 12% or 6% pro forma, driven by global growth in Biofinity, offset by declines in legacy Avaira. Regarding Avaira, we continue to transition wearers to Vitality and I'm pleased to announce that transition is running smoothly, and we now expect to finish the majority of this activity by the end of this current quarter rather than fiscal year end. Turning to product categories. We remain a global leader in Torics and Multifocals and grew 14% and 15%, respectively, or up 8% and 7% respectively pro forma. This growth was driven by our silicone hydrogel lenses and we expect this strength to continue as we roll out expanded product ranges and launch products in new countries, such as MyDay Toric in the U.S., which is going extremely well. Turning to the $8.2 billion soft contact lens market. We're continuing to see growth in the upper part of the 4% to 6% range that we frequently discuss. This growth is largely driven by the tradeup to daily silicone hydrogel lenses, broader product offerings, and geographic expansion. Daily lenses continue to drive the majority of the growth, with daily silicone hydrogel lenses now accounting for roughly $1.4 billion of the $4.2 billion daily market or 33% of that market. Regarding CooperVision's market share. We're roughly 23% of the market and our focus remains on gaining share by executing upon a diversified strategy of realizing strong revenue gains from winning new wearers, trading up wearers to dailies and other newer technologies, and continuing our success with geographic expansion. And when we look at the new fit data in the Americas, which we believe mirrors the rest of the world, we continue growing our wearer base faster than our market share, supporting our belief that we'll continue posting strong revenue growth. To be clear, our focus is not on growing at a multiple of the market, which makes little sense in today's trade-up world where competitors have large bases of legacy daily hydrogel wearers they can capitalize on. Moving to CooperSurgical, we reported record quarterly revenue of $164 million. This was led by PARAGARD and our fertility solutions product offerings, which both grew double-digit. PARAGARD posted revenues of $44 million or growth of 11%. This was great to see as the post-acquisition channel inventory issues moved behind us and we saw a few accounts restack to higher levels. We now have 40 direct sales reps selling the product and plan to continue slowly adding reps based on the momentum we're seeing. PARAGARD has been in the market for many years, so we don't want to get ahead of ourselves, and we'll remain very diligent around investments and the returns we expect. But we do believe this product offers a nice multiyear growth opportunity, so we plan to support it. Regarding PARAGARD revenues in the back half of the year, we expect growth in the mid-single-digits as we continue ramping up sales and training efforts. Note, the comp is harder in Q3, so we expect a stronger Q4. Excluding PARAGARD, our office and surgical business grew 2%, driven by strong sales of focus products, such as our new uterine manipulator and record sales of EndoSee, offset by declines in our OEM sales, which is a tradeoff I'll take any day of the week. Within fertility, we posted strong growth of 25% from our fertility solutions portfolio, which is comprised of products such as media and medical devices. On a pro forma basis, growth was an impressive 11%. Regarding genetic testing, we made the decision to increase our focus on our core genomics offerings such as PGS and PGD and move away from carrier screening and NIPT where we were experiencing significant pricing pressure. PGS and PGD are a key part of the IVF process within the U.S. and becoming increasingly important outside the U.S., so they fit very nicely with our best-in-class fertility solutions portfolio. Additionally, we've experienced recent success with cross-selling these products and thus plan to continue aggressively supporting this portfolio strategy. Note that we did not change our pro forma reporting this quarter but will exclude carrier screening and NIPT from our pro forma revenue calculations starting in Q3. Lastly, but very importantly, Dr. Bob Auerbach became President of CooperSurgical in early April and has been the architect behind these changes, which I wholeheartedly endorse. Many of you have met Bob over the years and I'm confident his expertise as a trained OB/GYN, with accompanying deep knowledge of the IVF industry, including genetic testing such as PGS and PGD, makes him the perfect leader to drive CooperSurgical forward. In conclusion, I want to reiterate that I feel extremely positive about where things stand today. To summarize a few key points. CooperVision continued improving in the Americas, posting 6% growth and we're forecasting the back half of the year at 7% to 9% growth. Additionally, on a global basis, we've improved our product positioning and we're seeing improved momentum in our daily silicone hydrogel franchise, which supports raising CooperVision's full year pro forma guidance to 7% to 8% growth. Within CooperSurgical, we had a strong PARAGARD quarter and we believe the product can grow in the mid-single-digit range moving forward with, hopefully, periodic upside to that. We also addressed the concerns we have within genomics and feel confident our fertility group will produce strong results moving forward. FX has become less favorable, but we're maintaining our earnings guidance supported by past investments, which are providing nice returns. And we're maintaining that earnings guidance while still investing in our businesses, including selectively hiring sales personnel around the world and upgrading our distribution capabilities. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Andrews: Thank you, Al and good afternoon everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to today's earnings release for a full reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. Al covered revenues, so let me focus on the rest of the financials and guidance. This was another strong quarter for gross margins, with our consolidated gross margins improving to 68.3%, up nicely from 66% last year, driven by improvements in both businesses. CooperVision's gross margin was 67.5%, up from 67.1% last year, driven by currency and favorable product mix. CooperSurgical's gross margin improved significantly to 70.5%, up from 61.7% last year, driven by the addition of PARAGARD. Regarding expenses, consolidated operating expenses grew 22.7% in the quarter, driven by the addition of PARAGARD along with sales and marketing investments throughout the company. Operating income grew an impressive 28.9%, with operating margins improving to 28.5%, up from 26.8% last year. Both businesses reported operating margin improvement, with operating profits growing faster than revenues. Note that within OpEx for CooperSurgical, there was a onetime $24 million impairment charge associated with the genomics activity Al mentioned earlier. Below operating income, we reported $18.7 million of interest expense, a $2.1 million FX loss stemming from negative currency moves against our intercompany loans and an effective tax rate of 11%. Non-GAAP EPS was $2.86 with roughly 49.6 million average shares outstanding. We posted $124 million of free cash flow for the quarter, up 21% from last year's second quarter. This included $171 million of operating cash flow, offset by $47 million in CapEx. Total debt was $2.48 billion and we had roughly $165 million of cash on hand. Moving to guidance, we're guiding consolidated fiscal 2018 revenues to $2.515 billion to $2.55 billion. This includes CooperVision revenue guidance of $1.87 billion to $1.89 billion or roughly 7% to 8% pro forma growth, which is an increase in pro forma growth, reflecting year-to-date performance and our anticipation of a strong second half. CooperSurgical's revenue guidance remains $645 million to $660 million, which is a slight increase on a pro forma basis to flat to 3% growth. Outside of revenues, we expect consolidated operating margins to be slightly stronger than last quarter's guidance of 28.5%. We expect interest expense to still be around $80 million, which assumes two additional 25 basis point rate hikes by fiscal year end and our effective tax rate is expected to be in the 9% to 10% range for the year. On FX, we have seen currency move against us since our last earnings release, with full year EPS being $0.19 worse. We're now forecasting a positive impact to full year revenues of roughly $64 million and a positive impact to full year EPS of $0.59, both being lower than last quarter. Now having said that, we're maintaining our non-GAAP EPS guidance for fiscal 2018 at $11.70 to $11.90 based on 49.8 million shares outstanding, driven primarily by strength in our operations. Lastly on guidance, we expect strong free cash flow as we exit the year, resulting in full year free cash flow of roughly $423 million, in line with prior expectations. And with that, I'll hand it back to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Baird. Your line is now open.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Good afternoon. Guys, can you hear me okay?
Albert White: Hey, Jeff. Yes.
Jeff Johnson: All right, great. Hey, Al, I was wondering maybe you could talk about two things to help us out here. One, the impact of the higher rebates in the U.S., I know they only helped in that last month of the quarter. But just what are you seeing so far on the daily silicone side of increasing those rebate dollars? And then it seems like your Americas is obviously getting stronger both in the quarter and your guidance for the rest of the year. EMEA was maybe a little softer this quarter. Can you talk about any updates on the gray marketing side and if you started to close some of that down and if that's helping kind of the Americas but, at the same time, taking a little nick out of the EMEA number?
Albert White: Yes, Jeff, I'll take that second one first. You're spot on, yes, the Americas, a little bit stronger; EMEA, a little bit softer. No surprise there. We've talked about some of the gray market activity or -- for those newer to the story, perhaps some activity where we saw some U.S. customers purchasing product in Europe, which had altered the numbers. We have fixed that, so to speak, so most of that activity is behind us. I think what you're going to see is strength in the Americas as we're indicating kind of in the back half of the year and you'll probably see some slightly weaker numbers from Europe. You look at the comp in Q3, I think it was 13% and 2%, if I remember right, so you can really see that play out, that gray market activity in the third quarter last year. If you look at the Americas and the strength we're talking about in the second half of the year, some of that is coming from comp activity, and then some of it is coming from improved operations within the U.S. And I think you touched on the higher rebates in the U.S. associated with dailies, we did implement some of that rebate activity. That is working positively. So, we are seeing some increased momentum because of that activity, which is fantastic. The timing of it is great. So, we feel pretty good about where things are going there. The upside from incremental sales is absolutely better than any detriment from rebate activity.
Jeff Johnson: All right, that's helpful. And then maybe my follow-up question. Just the comps do get maybe a little easier, I guess, in fourth quarter even more so than third quarter on the CVI side. But first half of the year now on CVI, you're at about 7% growth, guiding to 7% to 8%. So, anything other than comps? Is it the rebates? Is it other activity that's giving you the confidence that you're going to be even stronger, it sounds like, in the second half than you were the first half?
Albert White: Yes, I think that -- actually, I kind of like where we're positioned with all three regions. I think the Americas because of the comps but also some of the momentum we're seeing on the daily side. Whether it's tied to the rebates or just getting those products out there, that's a positive for us. EMEA is doing well. Although they have really hard comps and a challenging second half of the year, I think they're going to be able to put up some decent numbers. They've built some great relationships over there, especially on the key account or in large corporate side that I think is going to result in some better growth than maybe we were expecting. And then Asia-Pac's a phenomenal region, it's doing really well and should continue to do well. So, just kind of generally speaking, I think a little bit more optimistic as we enter the second half of the year.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Larry Biegelsen: Good afternoon guys. Thanks for taking the questions. A couple on guidance, Al. So first, just on EPS, it looks like FX went about $0.20 in the other -- in the wrong direction for you since the last call. So just to be clear, it looks like you're absorbing that. And second, can you help us out on the CSI guidance? You made an acquisition with LifeGlobal, that's probably a $12 million to $15 million benefit. And I didn't really understand, to be honest, the global testing change that you're going through. Could you just kind of give us a little bit more clarity around the CSI guidance and some of the changes there? Thank you.
Albert White: Yes, sure. First one being the FX, you're right. When we re-ran the numbers, it's about $0.19 worse since last quarter, so we are absorbing that. Some of the investments that we've had over the last year or so are offering nice returns, and the core operational strength of the business is allowing us to hurdle that $0.19 and keep our guidance the same, so that's obviously really nice. If we look at what's going on within CooperSurgical, you have some pluses and minuses. We did complete the acquisition of LifeGlobal, so we've incorporated that into our guidance. The offset to that ends up being the genetic testing site, specifically carrier screening and NIPT. When we exclude those two, that's a negative for the back half of the year. So, basically, what we've done is stop offering that testing, and we're just getting out of carrier screening and NIPT testing, so that's a negative. We'll probably do somewhere, let's call it, $40 million of revenue within genetic testing in CooperSurgical now this year. And that kind of offsets -- the detriment of stopping that testing offsets the LifeGlobal acquisition revenue, and they just kind of neutralize one another.
Larry Biegelsen: Perfect. Thanks for taking the questions guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Larry Keusch with Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Lawrence Keusch: Thanks. So, Al, I just wanted to touch on PARAGARD. Obviously, that seems like it did better than anticipated in the quarter. But now it sounds like for the back half of the year, you're talking about deceleration to mid-single-digit growth, which is sort of what I thought the product was doing kind of without a sales force previously. So, maybe just talk a little bit about the dynamics around PARAGARD and how you see the sales force beginning to kick in?
Albert White: Sure, yes. PARAGARD had a strong second quarter, definitely happy with the way that played out. For the back half of the year, keep in mind that there was a price increase that Teva had implemented before they sold the business to us that impacted their Q3 and Q4 numbers where you saw some buying into that price increase, and that resulted, remember, in kind of the strange Q1 for us. So, what you're going to end up with is, because of that, on a comp perspective, we'll have a more challenging Q3 for PARAGARD. Q4 should be stronger, and then Q1 should clearly be stronger on a year-over-year basis because of that. So, there ends up being just a little bit of kind of uniqueness to some of the numbers here. But when we look at the sales force, we've hired 40 salespeople there. We're really happy with how that's going. We do see some positive momentum there, underlying unit growth and our calling effort and so forth are certainly appearing to be positive, so we're kind of excited about where that's going. We closed that acquisition just at the beginning of this fiscal year, so obviously, we're still learning some stuff, still implementing some stuff. But I think we're more comfortable saying, hey, that product is a mid-single-digit grower and if we can move it up higher than that or periodically get higher quarters than that, then that's fantastic given those -- the margins on that. So, we're going to keep learning, keep rolling out salespeople, keep figuring the market out, but I would say we feel a little bit better about that. We had to get Q1 behind us and the channel inventory issues and so forth, and we've done that and now we're feeling good about that deal.
Lawrence Keusch: Okay. And then, I guess lastly, just a follow-up on PARAGARD end of sales. Is it too early to really see any impact from The New England Journal of Medicine article? And then separately on cash flow, you obviously talked about the strength of the cash flow for this year. You've got $2.4 billion in debt. I'm just sort of curious -- I assume interest rates are going to continue to move higher. You've got -- most of that's all floating. So, how do we think about this capital allocation as we move forward?
Albert White: Yes, I think that on PARAGARD, that New England Journal of Medicine, it would be too early to really see anything from that. There's still a lot of discussion about that. There's no question about that. It's still a hot topic out in the marketplace and we're having conversations about that to ensure that physicians are aware of the study and recommending, they obviously do what's best for their patients. That's important for us and important for the physicians. So, we continue to talk about that. The salesforce, we have seen some positives from the salesforce already. We saw some of that in the 11% growth through this quarter where we saw some purchase activity that we hadn't seen in a little while. So, it looks like adding the salesforce and getting some of those salespeople back out there did have a positive benefit in the quarter, and we'll see how that plays out. I don't want to get ahead of ourselves there. Product's been in the market a long time. It's too early to get ahead of ourselves, especially since it's a little challenging to look at numbers on a comp basis because of the price increase and so forth. If we look at debt levels, yes, we have a higher level of debt. I mean, when I look at leverage ratios, it's certainly not bad. We certainly have plenty of flexibility and room to do things that we want to do. Having said that, you talked about capital allocation and acquisitions and one in particular. If we're going to look at an acquisition or if there's anything we're going to do, I'd like to think it's going to be a little bit more down the middle of the fairway. We want to make sure that it would be something that would fit very nice strategically. We do it, everyone's going to be like, yes, that makes sense, completely understand it, whether it's in the CooperVision space or in the CooperSurgical space. If acquisitions don't come up, that's okay, too, then we'll pay down debt. And we have all variable rate debts, so paying down debt some is not a bad thing.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Joanne Wuensch: Thank you very much. I want to talk a little bit about the CVI market. You made some comment at the beginning that you have roughly 23% share. And could you please clarify whether that's unit or dollar share because my impression is that -- well, I'm not going to answer your question, I'm just going to leave it there. Is that unit or dollar share?
Albert White: Dollar share. That's based on revenue dollars.
Joanne Wuensch: And do you have a share number for units?
Albert White: I do not. We would be well under-indexed there because of dailies. We have -- so we have 23% global market share on a revenue basis, but we're currently about 16% market share on a daily basis, so that's where a lot of our growth comes from. If you look at dailies in the -- and our competitors having the lion's share of that market, obviously, on a unit basis, they're going to be a lot higher. But that's what's offering us the revenue growth. So, when we look at the next three, four, five-plus years, moving our 16% daily market share up towards our 23% and, obviously, that will move the 23% higher, is going to allow us to continue to take share and grow.
Joanne Wuensch: And when we think about new products in CVI over the next 12 to 18 months, what would you point us to?
Albert White: I'm sorry what was that again, sorry?
Joanne Wuensch: And if we look at the new products over the next 12 to 18 months in the CVI franchise, what would you point us to?
Albert White: I would look at new products right now being more along the lines of parameter expansions than a brand-new product. There are still some markets where we're -- where we either need to roll products out or we're in the early stages of rolling products out. MyDay Toric in the U.S. is a good example where we just started rolling that out. We had a nice second quarter with that, by the way. So, there is parameter expansion, there is existing products going to new markets. But we're kind of the enviable position of having some really good, strong products right now and just rolling those out, completing the rollout and making sure everything available is mostly what we're mostly focused on.
Joanne Wuensch: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jon Block with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, this is Dennis on for Jon. I guess, the first question is could you comment on or give an update on the latest with salesforce initiatives in CVI? And is there a plan to build that out more next year or--?
Albert White: Yes. So, with respect to the CooperVision salesforce, we've been expanding that sales force for a little while, and the plan is to continue to do that. I think some people may have gotten the impression, for some reason, that, that was kind of a U.S. salesforce expansion, but that is a global salesforce expansion. So, whether it's direct feet on the street, whether it's key accounts, large corporate, that type of thing, we are looking at expanding our salesforce where it makes sense, and I tend to say selectively, on a global basis. So, we've been doing that. We are seeing returns on that. We can kind of start seeing that through the P&L. We think we're going to see some of the returns on that in the back half of this year in the topline. So, I won't get into specific numbers or details on that side of things, but I will say, yes, we feel good about it, we feel that we're seeing a return on it and we'll continue to selectively add.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And as it relates to the CVI guidance, does that assume any competitive launches from either Alcon or Bausch & Lomb in the second half of the year? Or how would we think about whether those are contemplated? Thanks for taking the questions.
Albert White: Yes, I mean, I think that if competitors launch products, they launch products. We dealt with that for many years and we'll deal with that for many years going forward. So, I don't know when they're going to launch products. There's different rumors about whether it's Alcon or Bausch or different people about to launch in lenses and when they're going to launch them and where they're going to launch them and what type of lenses they're going to launch and to what magnitude they're going to launch them. I'm not going to get into speculating what those guys do. What we can do is control our own position, be it salespeople, be it pricing and so forth. And we're in a great spot with respect to that. So, we'll see what happens with them, but we're just looking at our own business.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Matthew O'Brien with Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
Matthew O'Brien: Afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. Al, just to start with on the CVI guidance for the back half of this year, there's a lot of moving parts. And I think Avaira; that transition is a little bit of a headwind. Biofinity, I think, it's the slowest quarter we've seen in the last 4. I don't know if that was a tough comp or not. But those two seemed to be under a little bit of pressure but, at the same time, you're also introducing the MyDay Toric and you've got a lot of momentum with those products on the daily [Indiscernible] side. So, can you talk about some of the puts and takes on the growth of those products in a -- over the backdrop of a North American market likely getting stronger whereas EMEA is getting weaker at the same time?
Albert White: Yes, sure. Yes, it was a little bit of a tough comp on Avaira and Biofinity. They were up 12% pro forma in the second quarter of last year. But you're right, we're transitioning Avaira. We're moving to the tail end of that. That has gone well better than unexpected, as a matter of fact, where the vast majority of that will now be done. The Avaira, the Vitality shift will be done this quarter that we're in, which is great, because that puts you in a position where you can stop talking to customers about transitioning a product out, and now you can actually talk to them about selling the product. Now having said that, remember that when you look at the FRP market, which is the two-week and monthly market, that's a pretty flat market right now. So, we are growing, we're taking market share in there, we're doing really well in that space. But we are competing, if you will, in a relatively flat space. So, it's hard to get too much growth out of those products. But I think they'll do okay in the back half of the year. If you look at the dailies, that's what we're talking about. Dailies are driving the market growth right now and its silicone hydrogel dailies that are really driving it. And that's where we're strong. That's where we're well positioned. That's what going to continue to drive our growth. So, certainly feel optimistic about our ability to drive growth in the Americas and worldwide when it comes to daily silicones. We touched a little bit on the comp issues between the Americas and EMEA, so I won't cover that again. But I think the key point here is Biofinity and Avaira continued to do well. Avaira, the transition behind us will help stabilize that and get it back to flat growing. Biofinity is a big product, so it's only going to put up so much growth. We'll continue to see growth -- pretty decent solid growth, though, in the daily silicone hydrogel franchise between both MyDay and Clariti.
Matthew O'Brien: Fair enough. And then a question for Brian. And I don't think anybody has welcomed you to that role, Brian, so welcome.
Brian Andrews: Thank you.
Matthew O'Brien: Can you talk a little bit about -- you're welcome -- the currency impact on gross and operating margin? And then buried within there -- because I'm trying to figure out how durable that is from here with PARAGARD kicking in. But then you mentioned you're offsetting that $0.20 of additional headwind on the currency side. Can you be a little bit more specific as far as how exactly you're offsetting that headwind?
Brian Andrews: Sure. So, the impact for the remaining part of the year was $0.19. So, the way that it kind of flows through is there was about a $5.5 million impact to OI and so that's about $0.11. We had, obviously, that -- we had a $2 million FX loss this quarter, so that was up $0.04. And then with currency, as you know, the pound flows through six months later. So, in Q4, we're expecting that currencies related to the pound is going to result in that $0.04 also loss compared to previous guidance, so that's the $0.19. Now, how are we going to hurdle that? That's really just strengthen our operations. We believe with PARAGARD and the underlying fundamentals of our business, we're going to hurdle that headwind and feel pretty confident that the investments we've been putting into the business will yield dividends in the back half of the year.
Matthew O'Brien: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Chris Pasquale with Guggenheim. Your line is now open.
Chris Pasquale: Thanks. A couple of questions on the surgical business. First, Al, what are you assuming now for full year PARAGARD sales? I think you had been at $165 million. It wasn't clear whether you guys were actually upping that forecast or keeping it the same?
Albert White: Yes, I think that if you look at the back half of the year combined, we should be around in the mid-single-digits. It will be a little bit higher than that I would envision. Maybe it's going to be $167 million or something like that, not dramatically higher but a little bit higher.
Chris Pasquale: Okay. And then where do you see the gross margin for that surgical business going? This is obviously a very good quarter. PARAGARD helps a lot, but you've had a lot of noise in the non-PARAGARD pieces of that segment. So, is that a mid-70s business over time? Could it get even higher than that?
Albert White: I don't think it goes that high, but I believe it continues to move higher. So we were 70.5%, I think, this quarter gross margins in that business, so low 70s.
Chris Pasquale: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Anthony Petrone with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Anthony Petrone: Thanks and good afternoon. And welcome, Brian, to your new role as well. Maybe just, Al, can you give us a sense of -- you've mentioned that the overall market growth is trending at the higher end of that 4% to 6% range. Were you referring to global? Is that U.S.? I just want to benchmark that to the performance in CVI. And then the follow-up on the competitive front would be we attended the J&J Analyst Day, and they talked about two initiatives, one would be drug delivery and the second would be e-commerce. I'm just wondering your views on both of those markets and potentially if that's an area of interest for Cooper.
Albert White: Yes, the 4% to 6% growth would be on a global basis. We used to spend a little bit more time on that. We had third-party data that we would try to pull in and look at. That was really confusing. It was on a quarterly basis and it was gross data and different FX rates and so forth. At the end of the day, you guys, just like us, we get the quarterly earnings releases and information from J&J and Alcon and even Bausch. So, you can get that information and you can adjust to how you see fit. Bausch -- or J&J, I'm sorry, talked a little bit about some channel fill this quarter. At the end of the day, everyone can kind of have their own opinion. To me, that market, the contact lens market, on a global basis is growing in that 5% to 6% range. I think it's going to continue to be at the upper part of that 4% to 6%. So, I like that 5% to 6% range. I think that's just kind of where we settled in with the trade-up to daily silicone hydrogels and so forth. And I think we can be seeing for a little while. So, I'm kind of happy about that. At the end of the day, a strong market is what we want. And if that strong market is going to lift all boats, I think we'll continue to take market share within that kind of growth range. You look at J&J, you talk about drug delivery. We've talked about that in the past. Drug delivery within contact lenses is kind of a different animal when you're talking about FDA approvals and so forth that you need, what kind of drug delivery you're talking about, whether it's back of the eye type of things or glaucoma or it's a dry eye treatment or is it allergies. I think, there is a ton there. So, that's -- we'll see where that goes. I mean, that's not really our thing. We're much more focused on the vision correction kind of thing, but we'll see. That's been on and off, been a topic of conversation for many, many years from different players. You look at e-commerce and you talk about sales strategies and sales channels and so forth, how lenses are sold through optometrists or sold through retail chains, sold online, on different retailers who have big online presence and so forth, that's an important part of the marketplace right now. We didn't spend a lot of time talking about that on this call. But we spend a lot of money in that space and we have a lot of effort and we have some very smart people working in that space for us right now, be it on the e-commerce side and also on the distribution side. You want to be able to distribute products to individuals' homes, which means much smaller shipments, more frequent shipments, smaller type shipments. So, we are spending a lot of money doing distribution upgrades through the IT infrastructure we have, through build-out of distribution centers. All that kind of work is happening. We talked a little bit about it on and off, and we are continuing to do that. We want to be on the forefront of that from a competitive perspective and feel pretty good that whether it's your traditional e-commerce, if you will, or distribution capabilities that we're on the right track, and we're in a good position there.
Anthony Petrone: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Matthew Mishan with KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Matthew Mishan: Great. Thanks for taking questions. Just a follow-up to that, Al. When you kind of look at that like online eye exam model that's trying to develop, what are the limitations to it? I mean, is there enough of a moat to limit it to the sphere? Or is there something over time that can move towards specialty lenses as well?
Albert White: Yes, that's a tough one. I mean I kind of compared it a little bit to like reading glasses. And you kind of -- you're at the airport and you go and you pick up a book and you try on a few different pair of reading glasses to see which one actually works for you. So, you could certainly do that. I think that's more prevalent in the spectacle market than it is in the contact lens market. At the end of the day, you're still putting a contact lens in your eye. It's a medical device. You still have a physician in the middle who you're speaking to. So, is the prevalence of online exams going to grow? Probably. Can you get to where you're talking about at Toric and fitting with astigmatisms and so forth? That would be a really challenge. You're probably talking more about the generic, if you will, sphere where the person is a minus two or something along those lines. We'll see. I think technology continues to advance. But that doesn't, at the end of the day, necessarily change our business profile. If people are wearing more contact lenses because they're doing on-eye exams, then great, then they're buying more contact lenses. That's more of a shift of potentially patients from a physician's office to a different way to get their lenses.
Matthew Mishan: And then we're midway through this year, do you have any more color on tax rate expectations? Moving forward, do you have a little bit more time to digest it?
Albert White: No update on that, nope. I mean at this point in time, we're going to keep our tax rate guidance the same. I wouldn't really change anything right now based on the most recent information that we have.
Matthew Mishan: All right. Thanks Al.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Isaac Ro: Good afternoon guys. Thank you. I wanted to ask a little bit about your comments in Asia. You guys had a strong result there. Could you maybe give us a little more detail within the region, what really came in above plan? Was there a specific country or a handful of products that really outperformed?
Albert White: Yes, good question. Yes, we don't spend enough time talking about Asia-Pac. That is a fantastic region. I mean, for many quarters now, it's been growing double-digits on a pro forma or constant currency basis there and another good quarter here. The thing that I love about that region is its diversified growth. So, we're getting double-digit growth in a lot of countries. If we talk about China or Greater China, we're talking about growth at kind of in the 20% range where we have a great infrastructure right now. We have built our own infrastructure there, and it is a fantastic team that's putting up really nice numbers and there's a lot of growth potential there. We talk about sales force expansion, I know a lot of people want to put that right to the U.S. But again, that would be an example where we don't put it right to the U.S. We look at China as a growth opportunity and we'll continue to invest in that market and grow that market because it's a nice growth market. But you also have Japan where we do well and Australia, a number of countries there. So, that's a thing I love. We keep putting up good growth rates there and the team is strong there and it's diversified with products and countries.
Isaac Ro: Got it. Thanks, And just a follow-up on LensFerry. Could you just maybe remind us what a reasonable long-term goal would be both in terms of market penetration as well as just financial goals in that initiative? Thanks.
Albert White: Yes, LensFerry to me is -- I look at it a little bit broader in terms of kind of the delivery of lenses and the relationship we have with independent optometrists. And that's something that CooperVision has had a long history of success with, our relationship with independent optometrists and what we offer them and how we help manage -- help them manage their practices, how we get lenses to them, how we support them and that's what LensFerry is. So, I don't look at that in the context of like trying to pull that apart individually and say how profitable that or where is that going to go. I look at that in a more holistic manner of are we helping physicians, are we helping contact lens wearers. And the answer to that is yes and we continue to invest and grow the LensFerry platform. Because of that, I won't spend a ton of time on it, but we are expanding that, we are updating that from an IT perspective and so forth. So, that's more of a kind of a product area, if you will, or an area of the business that I think a lot of people probably underestimate where we have strength. But it's more linked throughout the organization, especially here in the Americas, than it is kind of a standalone entity.
Isaac Ro: Got it. Thank you guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Robbie Marcus: Great. Thank you. Brian, just a few housekeeping questions for you. First on FX, in guidance, what rates are you assuming for the euro, pound and the yen? Maybe in the second quarter results help us break out what the topline impact from FX and acquisitions were. And then -- and maybe I'll start there and then I'll ask you a follow-up.
Brian Andrews: Sure. Euro, the rate on the euro was 1.18, that compares to 1.22 as of last guidance; 1.34 on the pound compared to 1.36 last guidance; and 1.10 on the yen against 1.07 last guidance. So, as far as the impact to this quarter on topline, the impact was around $30 million. $26 million of that was in CVI -- CooperVision and the balance of $4 million, was Surgical.
Robbie Marcus: And what's the contribution from M&A estimate guidance or percentage wise?
Albert White: Are you saying that's built -- I'm sorry, in the guidance for the full year now based on -- from acquisitions?
Robbie Marcus: Yes, how much of an M&A contribution is built into the sales guidance for the year?
Albert White: There's not a ton because the acquisition -- outside of PARAGARD, within CooperVision, we're relatively small. But our acquisition, our specialty lens acquisitions that we did grew about 11%, those acquisitions -- the lens portion of those acquisitions on a pro forma basis. So, we would expect to continue to see that specialty lens component kind of grow in that low double-digits.
Robbie Marcus: And then, Al, maybe a strategy question. Some of the data we used to see in the press release is no longer there. And I don't hear you talking about Cooper growing versus the market. Maybe you could talk about how you plan to message the company going forward now that you're in the CEO role and maybe some of the reasons and thoughts behind the changes there. Thanks.
Albert White: Yes. Yes, absolutely. Yes. I think that data that we were providing in the earnings release in the last page, the external data that we use to discuss market, was pretty confusing. And there were multiple quarters we ran into where the data was not matching reported results from people. And there were reasons for that as we try to pull that data together and some of it was on a gross basis rather than a net basis, and they use different FX rates and they would incorporate some acquisitions in a weird way. So, at the end of the day, the data just wasn't turning out to be really reflective of what was going on in the market to the point here where we were comfortable continuing to use it on a go-forward basis. And frankly, you get, like we do, J&J's numbers and Alcon's numbers and Bausch's numbers, so you can pull it out and take a look at what they're doing from a performance perspective and get there kind of like we can. So, I mean, I kind of look at it and say we're better off talking about people's as-reported results than we are talking about kind of third-party numbers that we accumulate from different sources. Then when I look at it on a go-forward basis, I think the important thing is a big part of what's driving the contact lens market right now is the trade-up to daily silicone hydrogels. Now some of our competitors are in that process. J&J is in that process. We'll see about Alcon. Alcon does its own right now with DT1. We'll see about it with Bausch. But a big part of it is that. Now our competitors have the opportunity to do some pretty significant trading-up there because they have a lot of legacy daily hydrogel wearers. And that should put them in a position where they can get some pretty good growth and they can do that for a sustainable period of time and that's going to help the overall market growth. We don't have quite that luxury because again, as I was mentioning to Joanne, we have about 16% daily market share. So, we don't -- we just don't carry as many legacy hydrogel wearers, that's a plus/minus. We are taking a lot of share because we're growing our dailies silicone. So, the important message to me is the overall contact lens market is going to grow, I believe, in that 4% to 6% range and I think it'll be more towards the higher part of that. And I think we'll grow north of that. So, we will take market share. And a lot of that growth is going to come from wearers. When I look at some of the new fit data that I've seen, even some of the more recent data that just came out, we've hit new highs in terms of new fit data out there. I mean, it's a pretty exciting kind of stuff. So, I think our competitors do well because they can win on some of the trade-up strategy, and I think we do well because we take wearers. We also have some of that trade-up strategy, and we're expanding our product offerings out there. So, I think that's kind of the message at the end of the day, good, solid market, and we're doing a little bit better in that.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Brian Weinstein with William Blair. Your line is now open.
Andrew Brackmann: Hi guys. This is actually Andrew Brackmann on for Brian today. Al, I just wanted to start on the CooperSurgical genetic testing. It seems like there is just a slight change in strategy there from the last call. Could you add a little bit more color on that?
Albert White: Sure, absolutely. Yes, we took -- we talked about that the last couple of quarters. We took a real hard look at that and said what are we doing here. And I give up -- I take my hat off to Dr. Bob Auerbach there and David Hansen who runs that, Mark Valentine [ph], the team who kind of really dug into that and carry it from a costing perspective and said, hey, what's going on, where are we going with this business, where are we going to take it, how are we going to drive growth of this, how are we going to drive profitability of this product or these products. And at the end of the day, we said, our best position is with IVF clinics. We're strong when we go into IVF clinics and we sell media and we sell microneedles and the embryo transfer catheter and so forth. PGS and PGD is genetic testing that is done and sold to the IVF clinic. That's where we're strong. Linking those products together makes all the sense in the world. When you look at NIPT, you look at carrier screening, which are a little bit more commodity products, a little bit more generalized, if you will, from a sales point, that's not the perfect fit for us. So, right now, where we're at and when we look at our business, Cooper's business profile and what we're trying to accomplish, it made sense for us to exit out of offering those types of tests. So, we've made the decision to do that. We've actually notified our customers of that, and we're moving down the road at that. At the end of the day, that's going to -- that is the right answer for us. So, we've become a little bit more laser-focused, if you will, on IVF clinics -- IVF. On one side, IVF clinics and then our medical devices on the other side.
Andrew Brackmann: Great. Thanks. And then one other question. You've made a few personnel changes since taking the CEO role. Can you just, open-ended, talk a little bit more about those and your strategy behind them? Thanks.
Albert White: Yes, sure. Yes, I took over. There's been a few personnel changes here. I honestly could not be happier where we are right now from a personnel perspective and the direction we're going. I mean as you guys know, Dan McBride runs CooperVision, and he's killing it there. Bob just stepped in, running CooperSurgical, doing a fantastic job. Brian's come on as CFO. He's only a month in the chair here, doing a great job. For me, other direct report-wise, Holly Sheffield, just came onboard. Holly's first day was Monday of this week, the Chief Strategy Officer who work with me on capital deployment, if you will, long-term shareholder value. She's running Human Resources. Kim, right here, who's done Investor Relations for a long time and has picked up a lot of administrative responsibilities in addition to that; and Randy Golden, our General Counsel. So, we have a great team, a great team of people, highly dedicated, incredibly intelligent. We're in a great spot from a personnel perspective.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Steve Willoughby: Hi. Good evening and thanks for taking my questions. I have a couple for you. I guess, first, Al, on your commentary regarding the market growth of stepping up a bit in the second half of the year, following up on an earlier question on that. If competitors do come out with new products, whether that's Alcon, Bausch & Lomb or even maybe [Indiscernible] contacts coming to market with their own lens. Are you -- that 7% to 8% is -- and assuming potential current competitive launches like that? Is that a fair way to think about it?
Albert White: Correct. Yes, yes. Yes, we believe we're really well positioned. I mean, if competitors come out with launches, there's plus-minuses to that, right? I mean, Stephen, you know, right? Alcon comes out with a mass-market daily, that's going to put wearers in play, and it gives us some opportunity. So, there's plus-minuses to all these kind of situations.
Steve Willoughby: Yes. The one thing I was just thinking about it is there's new entrant to the market that haven't been there before. If that's kind of -- you've taken that into account in the guidance and feel comfortable around that. That was where I was kind of going, but that makes sense, Al.
Albert White: Yes, yes.
Steve Willoughby: Okay. The second question, just on the genetic screening business. Can you remind us on the NIPT and the other business you're walking away from, how much of that was the overall business versus what it looked like maybe a year ago in the grand scheme of things?
Albert White: Yes, the carrier screening, NIPT. Probably the easiest way to think about that, because it gets a little convoluted in the numbers and some of the declines in the numbers, but we were looking last quarter at about $50 million in revenue from our genetic testing within CooperSurgical. And now we're probably, let's call it, $40 million in revenue. And what's being excluded out here is NIPT in carrier screening. So, you're talking about $10 million less. And when we look at that -- that would be on this -- that's probably the fairest way to look at it. I'm trying to think of a different way to look at that, but $10 million less is probably the best. So, kind of a natural offset to that like global deal that we added on.
Steve Willoughby: Okay. And then just two last quick things. I guess, first, since you're no longer providing the industry data, which did provide us a little bit more color on how things would trend through the quarter, can you just comment at all about how demand in the CVI business did trend throughout the quarter? And then, I guess, secondly, with that, do you think the Avaira market can grow now that you're almost done through that transition? Or is it just the two-week market is in decline and maybe the two-week market just doesn't decline as much as it has been? Thanks so Al.
Albert White: Yes, the two -- you're right, the two-week market is declining. I think that now that we have Avaira, once we got done with this Avaira transition, I think we can put ourselves in a position where we can get Avaira back to being flat, maybe even growing a little bit. It wouldn't surprise me if we see a little bit of growth from Avaira. But it's not going to take off, right? It's not going to be a home run. You'll remember that the biggest move of that Avaira transition was associated with gross margins. That was kind of the link as the cost per unit for Vitality is significantly less than the legacy Avaira. And you're starting to see that come through the P&L a little bit. We're still getting charges. We still have items associated with it, some of which we're calling out that are unique, some of which we're not calling out. But I think once we get that done and behind us, you get the gross margin improvement because of it and then you get back to flat, maybe a little bit of growth. On the -- in terms of CooperVision, the quarter was -- I wouldn't get into any -- I wouldn't point to anything particular within the quarter by a monthly basis or anything along those lines for Q2. I would say, obviously, we have May results and we incorporated those May results into some of the optimism we're talking about here in the back half of the year.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today's Q&A session. And I'd like to return the call to Mr. Al White for any closing remarks.
Albert White: Thank you. Yes, so I mean, to summarize, I think we had a good quarter, happy with where we are, happy with the direction of the company. There's been some changes here within Vision and within Surgical and within our corporate headquarters here from a personnel perspective and just the dynamics of the organization and -- but everything is going in the right direction. We're pretty happy. We're pretty excited about the future. So, look forward to continue to talking to people and giving our earnings in early September. And that concludes, exclude -- or sorry, Kim, just looked to me, at the end of August.
Kim Duncan: August 30.
Albert White: August 30th for our next earnings release. So, with that, we'll conclude the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-03-08 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Kim Duncan - VP, IR Robert Weiss - President and CEO Albert White - EVP, CFO, and CSO
Analysts: Lawrence Keusch - Raymond James Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird Jon Block - Stifel Brian Weinstein - William Blair Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets Matthew O'Brien - Piper Jaffray Chris Pasquale - Guggenheim Robbie Marcus - JPMorgan Anthony Petrone - Jefferies  Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the First Quarter 2018 The Cooper Companies Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only-mode. Later, we will conduct the question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder this conference call is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Kim Duncan, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon and welcome to The Cooper Companies first quarter 2018 earnings conference call. During today's call, we will discuss the results included in the earnings release, along with the updated guidance, and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Bob Weiss, Chief Executive Officer; and Al White, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market or regulatory conditions and integration of any acquisitions or their failure to achieve anticipated benefits. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption, forward-looking statements, in today's earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including Cooper's Form 10-K, all of which are available on our website at cooperco.com. Should you have any additional questions following the call, please call our investor line at 925-460-3663 or e-mail ir@cooperco.com. And now I'll turn the call over to Bob for his opening remarks.
Robert Weiss: Thank you, Kim and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to the 2018 first quarter conference call. Before getting into the quarter, as we announced earlier today, I will retire as President and CEO on April 30 of this year while remaining on the Board of Directors. Al White, who most of you know as our CFO, Chief Strategy Officer, and CEO of Cooper Medical Holding Company and CooperSurgical, will become the new President and CEO effective May 1st. And I will work with him transitioning the role through the end of the calendar year. After a fantastic 40 years plus, The Cooper Company -- at Cooper Companies, the last 10 years plus as CEO, it's time for me to spend more time with my family, along with traveling and trying to get a little better at golf. As many of you know, I spent a lot of time working on succession planning over the last 10 years. My goal has been to train and prepare a deep leadership bench such that when the time came to step down, we would be able to promote highly trained executive from within. I'm happy to say that Al fits this description and I have complete confidence that he is the right leader for the future of the Cooper Companies. Over the past 10 years, I've had the privilege of leading the best team in the medical device industry and building a great company. At CooperVision, we saw a trade-up to a new material called silicone hydrogel in all of our -- all three of our modalities and acquired a little company called Sauflon that help put us on the map as the only company with a low cost one-day silicone hydrogel family of products. At CooperSurgical, we expanded outside the United States and became the largest IVF player globally through the acquisition of Origio and continue to grow our offerings from there with several acquisitions around the world. And we recently completed the Paragon acquisition -- PARAGARD acquisition. I am proud of our accomplishments and the passion of our employees. So, I want to thank them for their dedication and hard work and for a fantastic 40-plus years. With that, let me turn to performance. For the quarter, we reported $590 million in consolidated revenues, up 18% year-over-year, and non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.79, up 45% year-over-year. CooperVision posted Q1 revenues of $445 million, up 14% as reported, up 8% pro forma. Daily silicone hydrogel lenses drove growth up 38% pro forma, as did Biofinity and Avaira combined up 9% pro forma. CooperSurgical posted revenues of $145 million, up 32% as reported, down 6% pro forma. Moving to the details. This was a solid quarter for CooperVision with growth in all regions, including the Americas up 3%; EMEA, up 9%; and Asia-Pacific, up 15%, all pro forma. As expected, growth in the Americas was in a low single-digits. However, we expect that to be stronger in Q2 and the remainder of the year. Regarding EMEA and Asia-Pac, both had very good quarters. So, we continue gaining share in all -- in both regions. Overall, revenues continue to be driven by our silicone hydrogel lenses, led by our Clariti and MyDay in the dailies space and Biofinity in the monthly space. We are continuing to expand our offerings geographically, including the launch of MyDay Toric in the United States. The feedback has been very positive, and we believe the launch will help accelerate one-day Toric growth while also helping drive further adoption of MyDay here. Our Clariti one-day products also continue to perform extremely well. Moving to other products. Our Biofinity and Avaira family of lenses combined to grow 9% pro forma. Biofinity continue to perform very well with diversified growth around the world. Avaira declined slightly as our focus remained on transitioning where to our upgraded Avaira Vitality lenses, which we anticipate completing by the end of this year. Turning to product categories. We remain global leader in Toric, which grew 9% pro forma, driven by Biofinity, MyDay, and Clariti. We continue to believe that the Toric market will grow faster than the overall market, and we will share in that growth given our strong portfolio and recent addition of MyDay Toric in the U.S. Multifocals grew 5% pro forma with strength coming from Biofinity and Clariti. Turning to the global market -- soft contact lens market. For calendar Q4, we grew 5% with the market up 5%. This included growing faster than the market in Asia-Pac, up 15% versus the market of 7% -- up 7%; and EMEA, up 10% versus the market up 6%. The Americas declined 3% with the market up 4% on a very difficult 12% comp for CooperVision versus 5% for the Americas market. By modality, CooperVision grew single-use lenses 11% versus the market, up 10%. And finally, CooperVision's non-single-use lenses grew 3% while the market grew 1%. On a calendar year basis, we continue taking share up 7% versus the market come up 5%. Going forward, we are still targeting 4% to 6% market growth and we expect to continue growing faster than the market. Moving to CooperSurgical, we reported revenue up growth of 32% with revenues hitting an all-time high of $145 million, driven by our acquisition of PARAGARD. On a pro forma basis, we declined 6%, mostly due to the expected year-over-year declines with PARAGARD, which we discussed last quarter. As a reminder, we purchased PARAGARD on November 1st, 2017 and inherited significant channel inventory, which was built prior to our acquisition. Inventory levels return to normal during Q1, so future growth should now more closely follow the market demand. Further on PARAGARD, as you may recall from our prior conversations or discussions, there was no direct salesforce supporting the product for approximately one year before we acquired it. We began hiring sales reps soon after the acquisition and we will have roughly 40 new direct sales reps by the end of this month. Given this, we expect to see a full quarter of positive impact beginning in our fiscal third quarter. So, overall, we remain very positive on PARAGARD. It's the only non-hormonal IUD or long-acting reversible form birth control on the U.S. market and we continue to believe it will be well -- we will do well as we communicate the product's benefits. Excluding PARAGARD, our office and surgical business grew 3% in line with expectations. Regarding fertility, the fertility solutions part of our business, which includes products like median and medical devices, continued performing well up 8%, but our genetic testing business declined 35%. We entered the genetics testing market several years ago and business was performing really well until we began experiencing a significant competitive pricing pressure last year as discussed on our last earnings call regarding margins. As you know we focus on sustainable business models, which has meant allowing some businesses to exit rather than matching highly unprofitable pricing. Having said that, genetic testing remains an important part of the genetic process -- fertility process and we plan to remain a participant as it ties to our fertility solutions. Given our focus will remain on running a well-managed operation, our results in genetic testing will likely continue to drag on our fertility category through the end of this year. On the positive side, our fertility solutions continue to perform well and we believe our product portfolio combined with the market trends will continue to drive positive results. In conclusion, I want to express my appreciation to our employees for their hard work and dedication. And with that, I'll turn it over to Al.
Albert White: Thank you, Bob and thanks for the comments earlier. Before getting into the numbers, I'd like to share a couple of thoughts on the CEO announcement. Needless to say, I'm extremely excited to take on this role. It's an extraordinary honor to succeed Bob and I'm grateful for the trust and confidence the Board of Directors has placed in me. Regarding Bob, he has been an incredibly important part of the success of Cooper for an amazing 40 plus years and an amazing mentor to me. He became CEO a little over 10 years ago and since that time, our revenue has increased from slightly under $1 billion to our current guidance for this year exceeding $2.5 billion. Our stock has responded accordingly with an annual return of roughly 18%. Those are obviously very impressive numbers and I'm also happy to add that Bob has built a very nice management team that I'm fortunate to inherit, so I look forward to continued success. With that, let me turn to some numbers. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to today's earnings release for a full reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. Bob covered revenues, so let me focus on the rest of the financials and guidance. This was a very strong quarter for gross margins with our consolidated gross margins improving to 67.5%, up nicely from 62.9% last year. CooperVision's gross margin was a robust 67.1%, up from 63.1% last year with roughly half driven by currency and the other half favorable product mix and general manufacturing efficiency improvements. CooperSurgical's gross margin also improved significantly to 68.8%, up from 62.2% last year, driven primarily by the addition of PARAGARD. Regarding expenses. Consolidated operating expenses grew 18% in the quarter, slightly less than revenue. Expense growth was driven largely by the addition of PARAGARD along with sales and marketing investments throughout the company. We continue to enhance our salesforce by selectively hiring around the world within both CooperVision and CooperSurgical. We also saw increased investments in distribution where we continue to upgrade our infrastructure along with higher investments in R&D within CooperSurgical as we look to upgrade and enhance certain legacy products. Moving to operating income. We grew an impressive 42.9% with operating margins improving to 27.6% from 22.8% last year. Both businesses reported strong operating margin improvement driven by gross margin improvements. Below operating income, we reported $16.7 million of interest expense, a $3.1 million FX gain, and an effective tax rate of 7.3%. Regarding taxes, note that our GAAP results include a $202 million net charge primarily related to the U.S. transition tax as part of the recent enactment of the new U.S. tax legislation. Although fully accrued in this quarter, any actual cash payment will be made over the next eight years with the backend-loaded payment schedule. I should also add that we're very similar to most multinational companies in that we continue to analyze the new tax reform act and work through information such as the details around historical earnings, tax credits, and so forth to finalize our estimates. Please see our 10-K and upcoming 10-Q for more information. Non-GAAP EPS was $2.79 with roughly 49.6 million average shares outstanding. We posted $25.2 million of negative free cash flow for the quarter with roughly $26.2 million of operating cash flow, offset by $51.4 million of CapEx. Our cash flow was negatively impacted by $52.7 million from the PARAGARD acquisition, primarily associated with the initial build of receivables, which normalizes in Q2 and a payment to the U.K. taxing authority of $42 million associated with the ongoing dispute over the transfer valuation of certain intellectual property associated with the soft line acquisition. Total debt increased roughly $1.23 billion to $2.403 billion, primarily due to acquisitions led by PARAGARD. Moving to guidance. We're raising fiscal 2018 consolidated revenues to $2.51 billion to $2.56 billion. This includes increasing CooperVision's revenue guidance to $1.865 billion to $1.9 billion or roughly 6% to 8% pro forma growth to reflect our Q1 performance and currency. CooperSurgical's revenue guidance is moving to $645 million to $660 million, which equates to roughly flat to 2% pro forma growth to reflect updated thinking on genetic testing, which Bob highlighted earlier. Within office and surgical products, PARAGARD revenues were $33 million this past quarter, meeting expectations. Revenues would have been $34 million if not for a reclassification of certain distribution expenses against revenues. This was just a reclassification, and thus, did not impact operating profits, but it did reduce revenues and will do so going forward. Updating our expectations with this in mind, we expect roughly $165 million in PARAGARD revenues for the year, which remains mid to upper single-digit revenue growth for Q2 to Q4, as driven by last year's price increase and our recent investments, including the new salesforce. Consolidated operating margins are not expected to be around 28.5% for the year, supported by strength in both businesses along with a more positive impact from PARAGARD than initially forecasted. Interest expense is expected to be much higher at around $80 million, which assumes three additional 25 basis point rate hikes by fiscal year end. Regarding taxes, we're forecasting a range of 9% to 10% for the year, reflecting our current analysis incorporating the recently enacted tax reform. On FX, we have seen an overall favorable move in currencies since we last reported earnings. We're now forecasting a positive impact to revenues of roughly $72 million and a positive impact to non-GAAP EPS of $0.78, both on a year-over-year basis. Incorporating all these items, we're raising our non-GAAP EPS for fiscal 2018 to $11.70 to $11.90 based on 49.8 million shares outstanding. Within this guidance, regarding Q2, we expect strength in revenues to be offset by higher investment activity, especially with respect to PARAGARD at an effective tax rate in the 10% to 12% range resulting in Q2 non-GAAP EPS being just slightly higher than Q1. Lastly, on guidance, we continue to expect strong free cash flow this year. As discussed, Q1 was low due to the U.K. tax payment and the one-time receivable build from PARAGARD, but we expect to hurdle the PARAGARD item and still expect free cash flow to be similar to last year excluding the tax item. With that, let me conclude by saying we remain focused on expanding our businesses and gaining global market share while delivering consistent, solid financial results. This quarter was another step in that direction and we look forward to reporting results as we work through the rest of fiscal 2018. With that, I'll hand it back to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Larry Keusch of Raymond James. Your line is open.
Lawrence Keusch: Thanks. good evening everyone. And congratulations, Al and congratulations, Bob on your retirement.
Albert White: Thank you.
Robert Weiss: Thank you.
Lawrence Keusch: So, I guess, I just want to start, if we could, on Americas, and maybe Bob or Al, talk a little bit again about the dynamics that are impacting your business. And I guess, within that discussion, could you talk a little bit about sort of what you guys are seeing and doing within the independent optometrist channel versus the private label channel? And then I have a follow-up.
Robert Weiss: Sure Larry. It comes back to our -- we continue to be happy with the on eye performance in the U.S. business. We're in the middle of -- just starting the launch and rollout of MyDay Toric, which will serve to, if you will, build more momentum with MyDay and our one-day shell presence in the U.S. And importantly, we had much tougher comps than the industry did in the quarter with 12% in the prior year, which -- so when we look at two-year stacking basis, we feel good when we look at trailing 12 months, we feel pretty good about that also, 3% versus 4% for the industry. I'd be remiss to say that the gray market hasn't been a factor over the last couple of years, particularly as the dollar was stronger and stronger. And now with the dollars turning to go the other way, at least for the time being, it serves as a minimizer of those companies that do reach internationally or outside the bounds of the United States for a product. And I won't get into any more specifics. But suffice it to say, that's been a key factor in the reconciliation between our revenue out the door into the Americas and our on eye performance. And therefore, we feel real good about them. As far as the independents versus private label. Private label has done very well for us. Independents are doing well. We have something for both sides of the aisle. Private label, we would expect to do even better as we complete a couple of things. The halo effect of MyDay, so that there is a Toric to go along with the sphere. And the Avaira transition to Avaira Vitality, which we expect to pretty much wrap-up by the end of the calendar year. So, those will afford as better catalysts going forward.
Lawrence Keusch: Okay, perfect. And then second question and correct me if I'm doing the math wrong here. But I think FX at the last point in time was $0.38, now it's $0.78. So, that's a $0.40 delta. And EPS guidance went up about $0.30. So, A, is that correct? And is that really just a function of really investing more in the business? Just trying to figure out the sort of disconnect. I would have thought EPS would have been up more.
Albert White: Yes, Larry, I'll take that one. You're correct. So, it was $0.38 up to $0.78, so it's a positive $0.40. About $0.11 of that was in Q1. So, it was built into those numbers. When you look at the back half for the year, you're kind of reconciling past guidance to current guidance. A couple of things to keep in mind there. As you know, FX is a positive. There's a little bit in the medical device tax as an example the tax rate because it was low in Q1, is kind of a neutral, if you will. Interest expense is one of the big negatives there. So, if you look at -- we assume here three rate increases, three additional rate increases, if you will, occurring here in March, June, September. So, that had a pretty big negative impact taking our interest forecast guidance from $68 million up to $80 million. So, between that, it's investments in the business and so forth is where you kind of net out the new midpoint.
Lawrence Keusch: Okay, perfect. Thanks guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you, And our next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Larry Biegelsen: Hey good afternoon guys. Thanks for taking the question. And I'll echo congratulations for both Bob and Al. Bob, we'll miss you. So, I guess, I'll ask two high-level questions. One, Bob, you and the Board knew, I think, or probably knew this was coming where you're named Al the CFO a year ago. So, the question is kind of why now the change? And just second, Al, any early thoughts on how you might shape the strategic directions, your priorities? And just lastly, Al, your feeling on keeping CSI and CDI together. Thanks for taking the questions.
Robert Weiss: Well, Larry, to be honest, we probably the single biggest factor was I held my Executive meeting in Kona, Hawaii in January. I was not looking for a condo. When I came back from there, I owned a condo. And I kind of like Hawaii. I got married there almost 50 years ago. So, we've always gone back and started reflecting on the fact that maybe it's time to take a victory lap and then enjoy a few places of the world. I like traveling. My golf game stinks. I probably can't do much about the latter part. But it's time to -- I've had a lot of fun developing a solid bench. And I'm highly confident that the players coming behind me are better than I am. So, why not upgrade?
Albert White: Sorry, Larry, a couple of things. You look at priorities. Obviously, I've sat next to Bob -- I've been here 12 years and sat next to Bob almost that entire time. So, a lot of the activity we've done over the years the two of us have done together, at least joined hip to hip. When I look at where we're today and where we're going forward, we have a great company. We have a great culture here. Definitely want to keep that going. I'd like to get out and see the employees and spend time with employees and customers. I have more of a sales background than Bob has. So, I'd like to get out and spend a little time with some of the customers and talk to people out there. So, I'll spend time doing there. I mean but at the end of the day, I want to make sure that we meet, beat the guidance that we provided today. We position ourselves for the strong 2019 and for the future and stay laser-focused on delivering long-term shareholder value because that's what we've done in the past and that's certainly what we're going to do in the future. So, that's the way I look at it. With respect to CooperVision and CooperSurgical, two great businesses. I'm very fond of both of them, I spent a lot of time in both of the businesses and would certainly expect us to keep both businesses together and continue to drive consolidated success.
Larry Biegelsen: Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson of Baird. Your line is open.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Good afternoon guys. And I guess I'll just echo the same exact thoughts. But Bob, it's truly been a pleasure for the last 15 years and I've been in the business and the 10 years as CEO for you. It's been impressively you've accomplished and I wish you nothing but the best.
Robert Weiss: Thank you, Jeff.
Jeff Johnson: And maybe moving into just a couple of questions. Congratulations to you as well, Al. I didnt mean to leave you out on that. But when you look at the CVI growth, 6% to 8% guidance for the year, you do 8% in the first quarter, the comps do get easier throughout the year. Just wondering kind of how you're thinking about CVI over the balance of the year. It seems like there could maybe even some upside that constant currency guidance. And the 8% you did this quarter, is that organic? I know you had a couple of small deals in there. I've been getting questions from people how much they contributed. But I think that less than 50 basis points. Any color you could provide there will be great.
Robert Weiss: Yes, that 8% is a pro forma, which is organic constant currency. And we came out of the gate very solid, exceeded our expectations. So, yes, there are some upside there. Of course, in our guidance, we've also, which is reflected of foreign exchange. We're happy with the direction we're taking with the rollout of MyDay Toric into the U.S. And we're also very happy with the progress we're making in the transition from Avaira to Avaira Vitality, which of course, is more a -- probably more a bottom-line play and a gross margin play than it is a topline. But we've been on the topline in a flat mode with that transition from Avaira to Avaira Vitality. So, we're optimistic that will get some momentum as we complete the transition post-2018, that will serve better in the post-2018 period.
Albert White: Yes, I'll just tackle on a couple of quick ones, Bob, 8% was a strong quarter. We did very well this quarter. The actual quarter was 7.6%, so rounded up to 8%. But Jeff, on your point on the acquisitions, too. We acquired PARAGARD at the beginning of December. So, if you look at our specialty lens business, if you will, which is comprised of those acquisitions you're referring to, it was only about $5.8 million in revenues this quarter. It did grow 13%, so low double-digits. But it had a very small impact on the overall CooperVision number. Those were very strong just kind of standalone organic growth numbers, if you will.
Jeff Johnson: All right. Thank you. That's helpful. And then maybe one follow-up, a high level. The FTC's workshop yesterday. Would love to get maybe just high level thoughts, good, bad, and anything you heard in there. I did think one thing I heard on the private label side that was interesting with some of these retailers now using private label and what have been kind of as a way to lock in maybe prescriptions in their own offices, but now using it as a way to market a good product, a Kirkland brand or something looks good for the Kirkland brand for the Costco brand, things like that. So, how important -- is the importance of your private label business actually going up? And should we look at the private label as a little bit of a risk to you guys or still as a nice, big opportunity over time? Thanks.
Robert Weiss: Yes, I think highly of our private label and it's not something you could replicate easily. It is incredibly complex by way of SKUs and how you manage that. So, it is barrier-to-entry. As companies to become more global, we get tighter and tighter with partnership arrangements with large global players. So, it's extremely strategic. There's nothing that came through the FTC workshop at -- I see as up cyclically, negative of it with the same repeat on the Rx of that the patient has a right to and that debate continues between the retailer -- certain retailers, and the independents as much as anything. As far as the large retailers, I think they love private label and they love the ability to put their own name on it. There's a lot of great names out there that are afforded because Cooper has a broad product line and is willing to private label of the product -- product line, whether it's not and it's tough name brand like Biofinity or Clariti or MyDay. It doesn't really matter. There's lots of retailer that entirely their own names in taking on a quality product into their own names. So, I think its great barrier-to-entry and a great key part of our story.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jon Block of Stifel. Your line is open.
JonBlock: Great. Thanks guys. Good afternoon. I got two. Let me just have the first one. I guess, I just want to sort of focus on that confidence in the U.S. rebounding. I believe some of that easing comps, maybe a bit the MyDay Toric launch. But anything else that you guys see out there in front of you which would have placed in your comp, but instead that CVI Americas growth rate accelerates in the coming quarters? And then I've got a quick follow-up.
Robert Weiss: Yes, there's no doubt that the comps, particularly after the second quarter, is still some degree of a top in the second quarter. But post second quarter, the comps are very neutralized. There's also no doubt that the -- some of the green market activity will create anomaly. So, we -- part of my reason for being pretty bullish is we're going to have some pretty easy comps in the Americas in certain of the quarters post the second quarter. And so they are anomalously easy, if you will, compared to anomalously hard over the last two quarters. So, that plays into it. But I think a combination of the transition from Avaira Vitality which has been a sticking point particularly in the middle of the retailers -- the private label part of the business, the combination of the halo effect of MyDay and MyDay Toric rolling into the market and the skewing or evening out of the bumpiness brought about by the gray market, those three leave us a lot more confident about the future.
Jon Block: Got it. Very helpful. And then the second one just to shift over to PARAGARD. Al, $165 million in revs, now $170 million, I understand that's accounting, but still lower. And you also talked to investments with direct reps yet you do allude to a more favorable, I believe, margin profile relative to initial expectations. So, what's allowing you to achieve that? In other words, is that more favorable margin profile in light of the slightly lower revs and the investments you guys are making?
Albert White: Yes, on the revenue side, you're right. It's literally just an accounting adjustment. So, there were certain distribution expenses that were being accounted for historically within operating expenses. Those moved to revenue account and they reduced the revenues. So, that did not affect the operating profits. So from that perspective, if you kind of look at it on the same basis from when we talked beforehand, very, very similar. At the end of the day, the profits on that business are very strong, and we talked about that. We guided to certain numbers. We guided conservatively is what we did in retrospect. So, running that business as a business that we're going to invest in, that we're going to look to grow and so forth, was part of our plans all along. So, there's nothing additional there. We have done a nice job in terms of hiring people. We have 40 reps by the end of this month on the street selling. Probably two-thirds of those reps are old PARAGARD reps. So, they are going to be able to get going fairly quickly. So, anticipating an okay second quarter, some acceleration improvement as we get Q3 and Q4 and that helping to drive additional bottom-line profitability.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Brian Weinstein of William Blair. Your line is open.
Brian Weinstein: Hey guys. Thanks for taking the question. First, maybe we can start on APAC. Can you talk about the strong growth there? Maybe break that down by geography and products, obviously, you had some new product launches? But can you give us a little bit of context around that and what we should be expecting from APAC for the rest of the year?
Robert Weiss: Yes, APAC has continued and will continue to perform well. A lot of that is we're hitting on all fours there -- or all cylinders there. In Japan, we're doing well with the whole MyDay family as well as some of our existing franchise products, Biofinity and specialty Torics, if you will. I probably shouldn't use the word specialty when I talk about Torics and multifocal anymore. But basically, compared to sphere, they're also viewed as specialty lens, soft lenses. The rest of Asia-Pac, particularly China, where we have a lot of momentum now, is a process of getting products through the registration process that are coming on to that market with a lot of force behind them. So, we're putting up -- the Chinese market is a stellar market, growing north of 16%. And we're growing much faster than the market by multiples, if you will. So, that's a catalyst. And then private label, as we reach around the world, there are certain large global retailers that are also moving into the Asia-Pac theater. So, a lot of good things going on in. So, I would expect solid numbers to continue.
Brian Weinstein: Okay, great. And then a follow-up. You talked about the positive dynamics in the back half of the year in the Americas. But can you talk a little bit about the competitive landscape? Bausch seems like they've launched a new product recently. Alcon stabilizing. Both those companies appear to be poised to launch additional products later on this year. So, can you give us just your thoughts on what that competitive situation looks like and how that factored into how you think about Americas' growth for the rest of the year. Thanks.
Robert Weiss: Yes, I think the numbers that I saw from Bausch were underwhelming. Clearly, they showed three of their lead products totaling up to $139 million this year and last year. And so that seemed to be a flat number to me. The -- they've been working ULTRA for a long time. I think there is a [Indiscernible] of come up with a whole new manufacturing platform, which I'm not aware of. I don't know how effectively you can take an ULTRA, put a new name on it or do what J&J did, which is just be honest and say it's OASYS, now it's OASYS one-day. ULTRA now is ULTRA one-day. I don't know that they have the cost structure to do anything meaningful given the expensive equipment they're manufacturing product on with ULTRA. So, I think that's a major barrier they will continue to have to deal with. Alcon is, yes, kind of tweaking a couple of things. But they have a lot of mature products. They're immensely exposed in the one-day mass market with DAILIES AquaComfort Plus. And if they do in fact bring a silicone hydrogel one-day into the mass market, we would love it. So, I'm hoping they do it because that will put a $1 billion product in play and they'll have to start talking about the benefits of oxygen, which we're firm believers in. And then we won't be the only one trying to talk up the need for oxygen in the one-day silicone -- in the one-day market, if you will.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch of BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Joanne Wuensch: Good evening. And I will also congratulate both Bob and Al on their future endeavors. Al, you're stuck with us a while longer.
Robert Weiss: Thank you so much.
Joanne Wuensch: Anyway, can we spend a minute on gross margins, please? Because there is a -- it was a nice, strong gross margin quarter. What are the puts and takes that brought you to that number? And could you give us a sense of how you see the remainder of the year rolling out particularly with the shift in the British pound?
Albert White: Yes. So, I'll comment a few things, Joanne. I mean, obviously, we'd take the easy ones first. CooperSurgical is driven heavily by PARAGARD. If we exclude PARAGARD the gross margins for surgical, we're around 60%. So, pretty similar to what they were last year. PARAGARD's pulling that business up as gross margins at the 90s. If we look at CooperVision, the pound definitely helped. I mean, so we had, in that range, we have a 400 basis point improvement, about half of that coming from the pound. And then you look at the remaining portion, about two-thirds of that was coming from product mix and that's a combination of things. It's obviously Biofinity, which is a great product, continues to grow and has high margins for us. The Avaira to Avaira Vitality transition, we've talked about that in the past and the magnitude that, that delivers to gross margins. We're starting to see that starting to come through the P&L and there's more of that to come. And then general manufacturing efficiency improvements is what I call them. We spent some quarters over the last few years talking about things like inventory write-outs, or asset write-outs, idle equipment and so forth. Some of those charges that go into our other cost of goods. And we talked about how we were going to move through those, and it was going to result in improved gross margins in the future. Well, we're seeing that. So, it's kind of this stuff that we've laid out in the past. So, a very nice quarter. We're anticipating gross margins continuing to be strong. As a matter of fact, we're looking at somewhere around 68% for this full year. So, we'll get our usual kind of ups and downs, but the trend is pretty good for gross margins in both vision and surgical.
Robert Weiss: I would just add one thing. As a reminder, as we transition from Avaira to Avaira Vitality, that was a gross margin play and that was a substantial gross margin play. So, as each quarter goes by, we get more the benefits of that. And a year ago, you may also recall that Brexit timing played a little into Q1, particularly November and December, which finally anniversaried post six month, if you will, in the end of December. So, a lot of where we are today is sustainable and that conversion to Avaira Vitality will continue to show positive effects.
Joanne Wuensch: As my follow-up question, CSI, the problem in the genetics business, how do you anticipate that being resolved? And do you anticipate that the core business turns positive at any stage during the fiscal year? Thank you.
Albert White: Yes, so within fertility, there's really two pieces to that. There is the fertility solutions business, if you will, which is medical device products, media, a variety of other products that would be kind of more your traditional medical device products. That part of the business has been doing well for many years. It did well again in this quarter. The future certainly looks bright when it comes to that part of the business. And all the demographics, the trends and so forth from a geographic perspective, things look good. So, feel good about that, feel good about the growth and the margins and so forth, that piece of the business. If we look at the genetic testing piece of the business, we started seeing some very significant competitive pricing pressure last summer and it continued and it even became more aggressive. And I scratch my head over some of it, to be completely honest with you, and I don't really understand the thinking behind working to just increase testing volume. It's kind of like the old days of the Internet of just trying to get more people to come to your website. But that's a direction that's gone. Now, when we look at it, that's an important part of fertility. It's used within IVF clinics. We're going to maintain our genetic testing business. It's great with our fertility solutions piece. Having said that, we are not going to sit here and run unprofitable businesses where we're looking at negative gross margins and so forth. So, we're going to run a good, intelligent business. I think that's going to result -- assuming everything holds true from a competitive perspective, it's going to result in some challenging numbers and that will be -- Q2 will probably be the worst of it and then bad in Q3 and then kind of better in Q4 because we started seeing some of that genetic pricing pressure in Q4, then it annualizes and will move back to much better fertility numbers.
Joanne Wuensch: Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line with Matthew O'Brien of Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Matthew O'Brien: Afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions and best of luck, Bob, in the retirement. Just as far as the commentary, I think maybe, Al, you were talking about it or maybe it's Bob, as far as the rate changes potentially easing some of the ordering OUS and then brought back to the U.S., did I understand that correctly? And then in the future, is there a way to kind of close that loop, so that your distributors can't be buying OUS then bringing it back to the U.S. and potentially having a little bit of a margin headwind for you?
Robert Weiss: Yes. The real world is as long as we have foreign currency moving, you can't eliminate all of it. Having said that, we've spent a lot of time and energy building systems that quickly identify those outlets that are buying to basically support a retailer that's buying outside the U.S. So, the sooner you close that off, the more you minimize that. So, our systems have gotten much better. The dollar's headed the right way. So, that will affect minimization to begin with even if you did nothing. And I'm optimistic it will be a little bit more stable even if foreign exchange rates move erratically in the future. But I'd prefer a nice stable exchange rate than one that goes all over the map, quite frankly.
Matthew O'Brien: Fair enough. And then as the follow-up, just talking about the MyDay Toric launch. I'd love to hear a little bit more about how that went, how many of your customers have access to that at this point? And then there should be somewhat of a halo effect as you have the Toric, just opportunities to maybe open some new accounts now that you have sphere and Toric with MyDay.
Robert Weiss: Yes. Yes, I won't get into all the specifics of how many accounts we've rolled out to. But we're really1 month into it in January. And you're right, we're expecting and we're starting to see the halo effect ripple from the -- into the MyDay sphere and particularly as we get into the premium part of the market since we're two-tiered, that is showing its effects. So, we're very optimistic. I would say we're in the -- we're early in the first inning is where we are.
Matthew O'Brien: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Chris Pasquale of Guggenheim. Your line is open.
Chris Pasquale: Thanks and congrats, Al and Bob. So, one question on PARAGARD and another bigger picture topic. So, first, can you talk a bit about the go-to-market strategy for PARAGARD? I understand it's a large product. But I would have thought that part of the appeal of adding it to your existing portfolio would have been leveraging some of your existing sales resources and call points. So, why build out a separate salesforce dedicated just to that product? And how big does that team ultimately need to be?
Albert White: That's a great question, Chris. Yes, you're absolutely right. We acquired that product and we took a look at it and said we could sell that through our existing sales force, which sells a lot of EndoSee, our disposable hysteroscope and some other products we have. It looked like a pretty good natural fit. And we went down that path initially. The -- you remember The New England Journal of Medicine came out with a big study on hormonal contraceptive. There's some moves in direction that certainly indicated that if we take the right moves and we invest properly and take the right actions, that we can improve our market share within the IUD space, and that's a very profitable product, obviously. So, anything we can do to drive growth there is very advantageous for us. So, what we've done is we've taken a look at the market. We've added about the 40 salespeople we talked about. That does not cover the entire market. It covers -- let's just call it, half of the market roughly. We're going to take a look and see how they do and what kind of performance, what kind of return we get from the salespeople. And hopefully, it's very strong. And hopefully, communicating the message is going to result in higher sales. And if it does, we could look to add salespeople to that and I don't know if we'll add another 20 or 30 or something like that, but that's possible. So, we'll look at that. And if it doesn't pan out, then maybe we won't. So, I think from that perspective, some of its changing dynamics since we acquired that business. It's looking better than -- the opportunities are looking better than we first acquired it. So, we're not going to skimp on dollars here early. We're going to try to take advantage of that.
Chris Pasquale: Does that change at all the original accretion estimate and what you thought it could contribute this year?
Albert White: No, I would say from the estimates that we provided to you, the $0.70 to $0.75, we were looking to exceed those even with the investments.
Chris Pasquale: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you. And then you highlighted rising rates as a bit of an offset to some of the earnings tailwinds you have today versus when you first guided. Given what we're seeing with rates broadly, any thought about capital structure and whether floating rate debt is in the right place for Cooper to be?
Albert White: Yes, we go back and forth on that. We've had fixed rate debt in the past and we've had floating rate debt. Right now, and actually, for many years now, we've had floating rate debt. So, our strategy right now is to continue to keep it floating. We generate a lot of cash as a company. We look to invest that if we can in different opportunities. If not, then we always go to our default position, which is to pay back debt. And so we have a lot of cash to be able to pay that debt. So, the plan right now, continue to let it flow and see if we can start knocking it down.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Matt Mishan of KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey guys. This is Brett standing in for Matt. Thanks a lot for taking the questions. First, I was hoping if you could give us a little bit more color on the investment you made in the salesforce last year? Specifically, how the investment was allocated geographically and if you're getting the kind of payback you expected so far from the U.S. reps? And then if I could ask one more. If you could give us a sense of the size of LensFerry at this point. We found a sales figure and maybe just the number of eye care professionals that you're currently working with here. Thanks very much.
Robert Weiss: Sure. The -- we started about 18 months ago, the process of expanding our feet on the street. And it -- prior to that, we had already started with some of our international locations like Asia-Pac, where we've been getting a good return. We continue down that path on a global basis. So, it's not only the U.S., it's also the European market as well as continuing in the Asian market. And we believe the payback is solid. Overall, we look at -- at it on a global basis when we see the 7% trailing 12 months versus the 5%. The fact that we've been growing much faster than the market. Relative to the U.S., the U.S. is distorted in terms of results, in terms of the revenue reported for the reasons I just articulated on gray market and some of the tougher comps. But when we look through that, we're happy with the return we're getting. I'm not going to get into exact numbers other than say that we've grown our sales force about 24% since we started the activity in July of 2016. So, a substantial investment has been put in and we're happy with the return we're getting and we expect to continue to get that return going forward. As far as LensFerry, I won't get into the details other than to say we are making good progress with that. There are a lot of independents that see the value of having a better alliance with our customer base. There are obviously are a lot of consumers that like the concept. So, it's built a lot of momentum. And with LensFerry, we're offering it to even our competitors. So, it isn't all about us locking in only our own business. It's something that we're sponsoring the -- our alliance with the independent eye care professional and all professionals. It's certainly available to retailers also.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robbie Marcus of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Robbie Marcus: Thanks and Al, Bob, I'll add the congratulations on your next chapters. Maybe -- just maybe picking at the numbers a bit. But if I look at Americas' pro forma growth, up 3% and then down 3% on a calendar basis, is there anything to read into that with maybe stronger trends in the January month?
Robert Weiss: The -- let's put it this way. A combination of the trend line and the sorting through gray market activity in the year-over-year comps. You're right, January was pretty robust. And therefore, deleting up -- deleting October and adding January was a real plus on a year-over-year basis.
Robbie Marcus: Okay. And then Al as I think about the increased FX, can you help us maybe as it flows through the gross margin and then the EPS, the cadence through the year and anything that we should be aware of in terms of anomalies? Thanks.
Albert White: Yes, probably not too much. When you kind of look at the model, it's kind of interesting how it's spread. From what it was when we initially gave guidance to where it is today, the improvement in currency kind of flows through on a consistent basis, Q2, Q3, Q4. So, not a lot of change from the kind of cadence we talked about at December, interestingly enough. So, I wouldn't particularly highlight an anomaly associated with that necessarily. I did kind of make the comment on Q2 being a little bit closer to Q1 from an EPS perspective for a couple of different factors, maybe a little bit of strength on the EPS side in Q3 off that, but nothing too major to highlight off that.
Robbie Marcus: All right. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Anthony Petrone of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Anthony Petrone: Thanks. And congratulations, Bob, and good luck with golf going forward and good luck, Al, on your new role. I wish you best success. Two quick questions. Just on monthlies. Just an update there. The Biofinity family specifically, you sort of expanded that with Energys and XR. And then of course, you had competition from Vita. So, anything just on monthly as it looks to us that actually, sequentially, it improved from the levels in fiscal 4Q. And then the follow-up question would be on the overall operating margin. And so the presentation that you have out there, the investor presentation, still calls for 28% by fiscal 2021, and we're sort of approaching that in the first fiscal quarter of 2018. So, maybe just how do we think about margins kind of over the next three years just given where we are today. Thanks again.
Robert Weiss: So, I'll do the Biofinity a little and let Al defend the operating margin outlook. Biofinity, you're absolutely right. We've gotten momentum going on a global basis. Energys has afforded a door opener, extended range, afforded more of a door opener. So, it's clear, a lot of people were kind of being left out of a good product. So, as you expand the Toric range, it really enhances what you have to offer and you then approach something Cooper used to do a lot of in the past, which is flat out custom making a lens for a consumer, which a lot of eye care professionals love the ability to service a much broader or their entire customer base. So, that's why Biofinity is doing great. It's a great lens. The designs, particularly the multifocal and the Toric designs are terrific. It's a great material. So, it has a lot going for us. Relative to operating margins, Al, you want to talk about them?
Albert White: Yes, I mean, operating margins, as you continue to improve. We're obviously guiding this year to that kind of 28.5% range and we anticipate continuing to have operating margin expansion for a number of different reasons. So, if I had to look at that and maybe we will fine-tune some of this as we move forward here. But if I roll that out five years to kind of the 2022 time frame that we talk about, for us to be in that 32% range, somewhere in there, it's probably a pretty good way to look at it. We look at pretty solid, consistent operating margin improvements on an annual basis. So, I would anticipate that to continue.
Anthony Petrone: Thanks again. And congratulations to you both.
Robert Weiss: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Steve Willoughby of Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Steve Willoughby: Hi good evening guys. Bob, I just want to say it's been a pleasure working with you over the years. And Al, I wish you good luck in your new role.
Robert Weiss: Thank you.
Steve Willoughby: Sure. Two questions for you. First, I look at the numbers you provide as it relate to your growth in the market on a calendar basis. It looks like your overall contact lens business has grown in line with the market for two quarters in a row now. Just wondering if you could comment on that? Any thoughts on that? And then secondly, Al, how much did FX benefit EPS here in the first quarter? Just trying to think through your guidance now of, I think, $0.78 for the full year. Just curious on how much that helped during the first quarter and maybe how that compared to what you're expecting coming into the quarter?
Albert White: Yes, I'll answer that one and I'll let Bob take the other question on the market growth. So, Steve, on FX, it helped incremental $0.11 roughly from when we gave guidance. So, of the Q1, when we look at it, it was about $0.33 in Q1 positive on a year-over-year basis. It's finished about $0.44 positive. So that was the pick-up, if you will, within Q1. If you look at it for the full year, we kind of talked about the $0.40 pick-up, which would mean $0.29 in Q2 to Q4, kind of spread evenly through those quarters.
Steve Willoughby: Perfect. Thank you.
Robert Weiss: Yes. And in terms of the five versus five and the seven versus seven, if you will, the last two quarters. One is, last quarter, seven was a pretty robust number for good reasons being led by J&J and some of what they're doing. So they've kind of stepped up the industry growth there. We've always emphasized that you should look at it on a trailing 12-month basis. On a one-quarter basis, we have some pretty tough comps with having put up double-digits for two quarters in a row last year. In the fourth quarter of 2016 and in the first quarter of 2017 were double-digit growth for Cooper. So, our comp is a little tougher there and why the trailing 12 months is a more meaningful figure than the one quarter.
Steve Willoughby: Okay. Thanks Bob.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time, this does conclude the Q&A session. I'd like to turn the conference over to Robert Weiss for closing remarks.
Robert Weiss: Well, I want to thank everyone for their thoughts and certainly support all of the expectations we have for the new incoming CEO. No pressure, Al. And we look forward to updating you on our second quarter results in June, I think, Kim -- I look at Kim because I just forgot -- the date is June 8th, I'm sorry -- June, what did I say? June 7th. On June 7th, we'll update you -- see quickly we forget -- we'll update you on the second quarter results and look forward to it. With that, that concludes the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-12-07 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Kim Duncan - VP, IR Bob Weiss - CEO Al White - CFO and CSO
Analysts: Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets Jeff Johnson - Robert Baird Jon Block - Stifel Chris Pasquale - Guggenheim Anthony Petrone - Jefferies Andrew Brackmann - William Blair John Hsu - Raymond James Robbie Marcus - JPMorgan Matthew O'Brien - Piper Jaffray Matthew Mishan - KeyBanc Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Steven Lichtman - Oppenheimer Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Q4, 2017, The Cooper Companies Inc. Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only-mode. Later we will conduct the Question-and-Answer Session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. And as a reminder this conference call is being recorded.  And now I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference. Ms. Kim Duncan, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon. And welcome to The Cooper Companies fourth quarter 2017 earnings conference call. During today's call, we will discuss the results included in the earnings release along with the updated guidance and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Bob Weiss, Chief Executive Officer; and Al White, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that this call is contained forward-looking statements, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance, and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market or regulatory conditions and integration of any acquisitions or their failure to achieve anticipated benefits. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that maybe incorrect or imprecise, and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the Company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward-Looking Statements in today's earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including Cooper's Form 10-K, all of which are available on our website at cooperco.com. Should you have any additional questions following the call, please call our Investor line at 925-460-3663 or e-mail ir@cooperco.com. And now, I'll turn the call over to Bob for his opening remarks.
Bob Weiss: Thank you, Kim and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to the fourth quarter and full year 2017 conference call. This was an exciting year and we finished with record revenues, earnings per share and free cash flow. I'm proud of the team and the everything we've accomplished and believe were set for strong fiscal 2018.  For the quarter we reported $552 million in consolidated revenue up 8% year-over-year, non-GAAP earnings per share was $2.65, up 16% and free cash flow was very strong $167 million. CooperVision posted fourth quarter revenues of $439 million up 7% as reported up 5% pro forma. Daily silicone hydrogel lenses drove growth up 37% in constant currency. CooperSurgical posted revenues of $123 million, up 15% as reported, up 7% pro forma. Fertility drove growth up 28% or up 7% pro forma.  Moving to the details for CooperVision, this was a solid quarter given tough comps and some hurricane disruptions. By Geography the Americas grew 2%, EMEA grew 5% and Asia-Pacific grew 10% all pro forma. The Americas saw solid growth in August, followed by weakness in September and October. There was some negative impacts from the hurricanes during the time, which we estimate roughly at $2 million or 1%. Regardless our total share set in the Americas continued to be better than the revenue growth indicating we're taking [a lion's] share. Regarding EMEA and Asia-Pac, both have solid quarters especially considering the different comps and continue seeing share in both regions on diversified geographic basis, which bodes well for continued growth.  Overall revenues continued driven by our silicone hydrogel lenses led by Clariti and MyDay in the daily space and Biofinity in the monthly space. Our tiered approach within the daily silicone hydrogel space continues prove successful, we are expanding our offerings geographically and have recently started exceeding the U.S. market with MyDay Toric setting sets with the full launch to come soon. MyDay Toric has been received incredibly well internationally due to a very [customable] design and we expect a similar response in the U.S. Our Clariti one-day products continued to perform extremely well as the only silicone hydrogel family with the sphere, Toric, and a multifocal offering. Moving to other products, our Biofinity and Avaira family of lenses combined to grow 7% pro forma. Biofinity continued to perform very well with diversified growth around the world, Avaira declined slightly as our focus remained on transitioning wearers to our upgraded Avaira Vitality lens which we anticipate completing by the end of this fiscal year. We did experience some Avaira disruption associated with the hurricane in Puerto Rico, but our team did a phenomenal job responding to that challenge and the impact with minimal.  Turning to product categories, we remain the global leader in Torics which grew 7% pro forma driven by Clariti and Biofinity along with the rollout of MyDay Toric in Europe. We continue to believe, the Toric market will grow faster than the overall market and we will share in that growth given our strong portfolio in the addition of MyDay Toric in the U.S. Multifocals grew 4% pro forma with strength coming from Clariti and Biofinity. Turning to the global contact lens market, for calendar Q3 we grew 7% with the market also up 7%. This included growing faster than the market EMEA up 6% versus the market up 4% and Asia-Pacific up 15% versus the market up 9%. The Americas grew 4% with the market up 7%. By modality CooperVision grew single use lenses 15% versus market up 13% and finally CDI is not single use lenses grew 3%, while the market grew 1%.  Overall, Q3 was good quarter for CooperVision and the market. Although, the market was against easy comps. In particular, at the top for the America more if it was especially EPS was down 3% last year third quarter. CooperVision had more difficult 3% comp.  On a trailing 12-month basis, we took share throughout the world growing 8% versus the market up 5%. Going forward, we are still targeting 46% market growth driven by continuing shift to improve technology such as a wider use of silicone hydrogel lenses, the continuing trade-up to dailies and specialty lenses, geographic expansion and the expansion of the Avaira base. And given our strength in these areas, along with the broad private label offering, we expect to continue growing faster than the market.  Regarding other CooperVision activity, we completed the acquisition of Paragon Vision Sciences on December 1st for approximately $80 million. Paragon has a specialty lens business with a particular focus on ortho-k contact lenses. This acquisition allows us -- follows our recent acquisition of Procornea, another specialty company that we acquired in August. In combination with our MiSight product, with the management of Myopia we have developed a nice specialty lens platform to ensure we remain well connected with opinion leaders and a technology leader in the space.  Moving to CooperSurgical, we reported a strong quarter, with Q4 revenues of $123 million up 15% driven by organic growth and acquisitions. On a pro forma basis, we were 7% with Fertility leading the way up 28% or 12% pro forma. It was nice seeing the strength of Infertility as the integration disruptions are starting to get behind us. As I mentioned before, we are global leader in medical devices and genetic testing within the fertility space which is a global market with strong long-term growth dynamics. Our office and surgical business grew 2% for the quarter with the strength and [indices] our disposals hipster scope [ph] offset by weakness in other product lines.  Regarding our CooperSurgical activity, we recently completed the acquisition of PARAGARD IUD from Teva, was closed on November 1, for approximately $1.1 billion. PARAGARD is the only IUD on the U.S. market that is hormone free long lasting and irreversible. The fact it's hormone free is especially important. As you may have heard there was a major story released yesterday in the New England Journal of Medicine showing women using birth control pills and IUDs that release hormones face a higher risk of breast cancer than women who have never used hormonal contraception. This study was completed over 10-year period following 1.8 million women. Using PARAGARD -- given PARAGARD is the only non-hormonal IUD option in the U.S., and CooperSurgical has the resources and experience to ensure millions of women across country are aware of this important distinction. I'm very excited about the growth potential here.  I will now get into the financial details, but as you can tell, under I am very bullish about PARAGARD as a product and as a strategic fit within CooperSurgical.  And finally, I want to express my appreciation to our employees for their hard work and dedication. We continue to post record results and this wouldn't possible without them. I'd like to especially thank employees in Puerto Rico whose dedication and perseverance through the hurricane Maria was something special.  And with that I'll turn it over to Al. 
Al White: Thank you, Bob and good afternoon, everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to today's earnings release for a full reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. Bob covered revenues so let me focus on the rest of the financials and guidance.  For the quarter consolidated gross margins were 65.9%, up nicely from 64.3% last year. CooperVision's gross margin was 67.7% up from 64.8% last year driven primarily by currency and product mix gains. CooperSurgical's gross margin was 59.6% down from 62.5% last year driven by lower genomic pricing and certain inventory write-offs and charges on legacy products.  Also within CooperSurgical we recently purchased an existing manufacturing facility in Costa Rica to consolidate a significant portion of our global manufacturing. We made a lot of progress upgrading the facility and hiring key employees and plan to begin production of the Wallace Transfer Catheter in this near future. This should provide a very nice opportunity to reduce costs and improve margins in the coming years.  Moving to expenses, consolidated operating expenses grew 7% in the quarter slightly less than revenue. Expense growth was driven by investments throughout the company including additions to the sales force and distribution. We continue to enhance our sales force by selectively hiring around the world, while also continuing to upgrade our infrastructure including distribution.  Moving to operating income, we grew 17.2% with operating margins improving to 27.2% from 25.1% last year. Both businesses report strong operating margin improvement with CooperVision growing 14.7% to 31.1% driven by gross margin improvement. Well, CooperSurgical improved 15.4% to 22.4% driven by operating expense leverage. Below operating income, we reported 7.9 million of interest expense, a 1.5 million FX loss and an effective tax rate of 8.1%. Non-GAAP EPS was $2.65 with roughly 49.7 million average shares outstanding.  We posted 167 million of free cash flow comprised of roughly 199 million of operating cash flow, Ill step by 32 million of CapEx. Total debt decline roughly 41 million to 1.173 billion supported by cash flow generation and an increase in cash balances offset by our acquisition of Procornea in August and 25 million of stock buybacks in October.  Regarding full year fiscal 2017 results, consolidated revenues were 2.139 billion, up 9% or 7% pro forma. CooperVision revenues were 1.674 billion, up 6% or 7% pro forma and CooperSurgicals revenues were 464.9 million, up 19% or 4% pro forma. Non-GAAP EPS was $9.70, up 15% and free cash flow was very strong at 466 million.  Before moving to guidance, let me quickly reminder that we announce our November 1st, a new $1.425 billion 5-year senior unsecured term loan, which matures November 1, 2022. The facility was used to fund the PARAGARD acquisition and reduce our revolver borrowing allowing greater flexibility for generate corporate purposes including the recent funding of the Paragon acquisition. Moving to fiscal 2018, were guiding the consolidated revenues of 2.48 billion to 2.53 billion, which is comprised of 1.83 billion to 1.87 billion at CooperVision or roughly 9% to 11% as reported growth 6% to 8% pro forma growth. And 650 million to 665 million at CooperSurgical or roughly 40% to 43% as reported growth 2% to 4% pro forma growth. CooperSurgical revenue guidance assumes roughly $170 million of PARAGARD, which is slightly lower than originally expected with a negative impact coming entirely in fiscal Q1 due to higher than expected channel inventory.  Were now providing detailed quarterly guidance, but the help model this. We expect Q1 revenues for consolidated CooperSurgical to be around 150 million with PARAGARD being roughly 34 million of that. This 34 million would be a year-over-year decline of roughly 25%. This unusual activity is related a price increase which resulted in significantly higher channel inventory in September, but that also unexpectedly in the month of October, the month before we closed the acquisition.  Subsequent to Q1, we expect PARAGARD to do roughly $135 million to $138 million during Q2 to Q4 which equates to upper single digit growth driven by the price increase and underlying unit growth. Note, we have not included any potential upside from the new study Bob mentioned in the New England Journal of Medicine.  We still expect to meet or exceed our targeted EPS accretion of $0.70 to $0.75 for PARAGARD for the full year and including PARAGARD on a consolidated basis, we expect non-GAAP earnings per share in the range of $11.35 to $11.65 up 17% to 20% based on 49.8 million shares outstanding.  Moving to details within the P&L. We expect fiscal 2018 gross margins to improve to around 68%. Operating margins are expected to improve to around 28% and this includes a negative $3 million impact from the reintroduction of the 2.3% medical device excise tax beginning in January. This tax only impacts our domestic CooperSurgical business excluding Paragard, which is treated as pharmaceutical product.  Interest expense is expected to be around $68 million, which includes the additional debt from the PARAGARD and Paragon acquisitions and the assumption of a 25-basis point rate increase this month.  Regarding taxes, there is obviously a lot of activity with several bills pending at the House and Senate so let me add a caveat that my commentary is based on unfinished tax legislation that could change materially. Given our fiscal year end is in October, many of the proposed tax reform provisions will not be effective for us until fiscal 2019, so we're assuming an effective tax rate of 11% for our fiscal 2018 guidance.  Having said that, the proposed tax reform does include a few provisions that would impact us in fiscal '18, with the most material being the mandatory repatriation of previously deferred earnings. That being said, we would exclude these types of one-time P&L charges from our non-GAAP EPS to allow clear comparability of year-over-year results.  Repeating my disclaimer that there is still a lot of moving parts, we currently see risk to our effective tax rate in fiscal 2019 and beyond to the mid-teens from items such as the minimum tax on foreign income.  Lastly on guidance, excluding any impact from unknown tax matters, we expect free cash flow to be similar to this year but with CapEx around $175 million. The higher CapEx is mostly due to carryover from fiscal 2017 due to lower than expected spending in Q4 as our manufacturing team dealt with the hurricane in Puerto Rico.  With that, let me conclude by saying, we remain focused on expanding our businesses and gaining global market share while delivering consistent solid financial results. This quarter and this year were another step in that direction and we look forward to reporting results as we work through fiscal 2018.  And with that I'll hand it back to the operator for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Joanne Wuensch : I have to go back to taxes, sorry. Could you please walk us through how the impact of the potential lower tax rate for the corporate level would impact you? I think we have all over the years taken a look at your 8%, 9%, 10% type of corporate tax rate and dont fully completely understand how that stays at that level. But walk through taxes just a little bit more please?
Al White: Yes. So, couple of comments on that. If we look at, first of all, if we look at this coming fiscal year, fiscal 18 that were in right now most of the tax reform again wont impact. So, if we look at fiscal 2019 and beyond thats what you start look at and say okay, what is the impact of the full tax provision changes and thats where were talking about somewhere in the mid-teens. So, lets say 15 just so we are working up a number.  If we take a look at where we have been in the past and you had PARAGARD, which has fairly significant U.S. income associated with it, obviously higher U.S. taxes associated with that, that loses up towards the 11% this year. And then the other tax changes move us up to the 15% keeping in mind that under that scenario PARAGARD is actually a positive. Because the positive tax rate is a positive for PARAGARD and our CooperSurgical business. So thats kind of the flow, I mean as you can imagine as you know there is a lot that goes into that. But at this point in time based on the measures that are out there, thats where we see taxes coming up. 
Joanne Wuensch : Okay. And as my follow-up question, you have acquired require Procornea and Paragon. Could you please give us a little bit of an idea of the revenue contribution from those two acquisitions for next year and what the strategy is with those products? Thank you. 
Al White: Yes. So thats part of our specialty lens business that were building up and its turning out to be very nice. If you combined those two businesses or around 30 million in revenues and if you roll those with my sight, its a very nice specialty lens business that is at least upper single-digit if not double-digit growing business. So, were pretty excited about that, its relatively small part of the business right now. But growing nicely, it can be very important in the coming years with myopia management becoming more important. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Q - Larry Biegelsen : One on revenue and the Americas and then just one on FX and guidance. Just starting with the Americas, I think even if you adjust for whether the Americas was a little bit soft relative to the market and in calendar Q3. So, Bob any color whats going on in the Americas and how much you think MyDay re-launching that, can help in the U.S.?  And then just on the guidance. We estimate there is about $0.60 of FX benefit to EPS in fiscal 2018. Is that directionally accurate and why is that falling to the bottom-line? Thanks for taking the questions guys.
Bob Weiss: Yes. Larry, on the first one on the Americas looking soft. Yes, the answer to the question is the MyDay Toric coming out in the early part of 2018 is certainly going to be a plus for us. When we talk about comps, of course, the overall market was pretty strong due to easy comps including the Americas. So, 7% compared to the prior year, which was down 3% for us. Our prior year was a plus 3%. So, we went from 3% to 4% up a slight uptake. So, comp is a big part of it and then of course, we had during the period, we both had some implications of the hurricane and weather. And as I mentioned, we think overall thats about 2 million although a good chunk of that 2 million probably rolled more into the October timeframe.
Al White: And on currency, when we reported earnings in September. We expected in currency in fiscal 18 to be around $0.60 positive Larry. As we got closer to this quarter, weve actually holding in there as you indicated when we just run the rates though, the positive impact from currency in fiscal 18, we have a $0.38. So, it came back a decent amount. Now that includes a 1.17, 1.13, 1.34. So, although from September to today, we lost a good $0.20, a little bit more than $0.20, we still given guidance obviously for a low-double-digit even excluding PARAGARD.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert Baird. Your line is now open. 
Jeff Johnson : So yes, one maybe following up on Larrys question on the U.S. market. I think, a lot of us heard that maybe October wasnt a real strong close to the quarter for you guys in the U.S. Just wondering, I know you dont give monthly updates very often. But just what have you seen in the U.S. market both [help] of the market and maybe in your own business since Bob I think you referenced the weaker September and October, we were definitely hearing about that through some of your distributor sources in October itself. Just how is November and early part of December trending? 
Bob Weiss: So obviously, weve looked at November, when we dealt our overall guidance that Al referenced it. So, were feeling good about of where we are, where were going. We also felt good about on eye even though, the market from the point of view of what we sold into the market was a little lighter. Then was the, on eye activity we felt based on what we saw on eye activity we were still gaining market share. So, whether or not you compare it to the 7% that the overall market give, which of course is kind of above the normal or the average growth of the market over a multi-year period.  So, if we look at the market as growing 4 to 6 midpoints 5, the Americas should grow 4 to 6 probably midpoint 5 on average, the 7 is a little on the high side. We continue to gain market share, we have been growing north of 1.5 times the market. I still think the best way to look at the market is on a trailing 12-month basis or the market overall for the Americas was 4%, we were 6%. So, on average, we are kind of moving down the path, we planned on and of course, were excited about the MyDay Toric coming in the market. 
Jeff Johnson : Understood. And then Ill maybe just one tax rate follow-up question, 11% tax rate in the guidance for this fiscal year going to 15% in fiscal 19. Is that just U.S. tax rate reform driven or is there any kind of DPT UK tax rate change in there as well?
Al White: U.S. tax reform. 
Jeff Johnson : Okay. Anything you can say on the UK investigation at this point?
Al White: Nothing at this point, no. Well update you guys as soon as, as we have something that's firm to update you with.
Bob Weiss: Probably the only thing I would add to that there is a going forward rate impact it may end up onetime events. But going forward, of course that gets built into the way the mid-teens plays out. So, to the extent your rates offshore go up, they don't duplicate U.S. rate increase. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jon Block with Stifel. Your line is now open. 
Jon Block: Great thanks good afternoon, guys. I'll ask both upfront. First just the single use growth of 8% in the fiscal quarter was single digits for the first time since I believe fiscal 2Q of '15. And then there is a lot going on with adverse weather and actually tough comp. But adding more color there Bob, that you can comment on.  And then just second to shift your sales reps, and maybe if you can tell us where do you are with that initiative? How the returns been to date and Al is this initiative continuing into fiscal '18 with the given guidance. Thanks guys. 
Bob Weiss: So, we've done good job of expanding our sales force so we'll continue to build on that. And we are seeing good results out of that. I think overall, the 8% growth is still being north of 1.5 times the market is indicative of that. And of course, we continue to do that expansion not only in the U.S. but worldwide, and of course that will now ripple into more aggressive expansion on the women's healthcare side.  The 8% single use market growth across in the quarter once again one quarter does not a make a trend make. We had tougher comps up and down the line. So that's factor and then of course will be rolling out the MyDay Toric into really the biggest Toric market in the world. And in the sweet spot of that market, which is at OneDay which is driving the whole market.  When you think about the whole market being up for the quarter, 15% and other being up 3% or more importantly for the year, the market gained up 12% in single using as and everything else is flat. We are the driver of the market growth in the all other bucket, and we continue to gain share in the single use buckets. So, a good profile and of course the catalyst to that is clarity in MyDay the silicon hydrogel OneDay products we have. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Chris Pasquale, Guggenheim. Your line is now open. 
Chris Pasquale: Thanks. one clarification of course for Al and one for Bob. Al first, can you give us the currency impact in 4Q both the top and bottom lines. And then Bob, just looking at the underlying growth rates in your three major competitors. This was the first quarter in some time that all three were performing at pretty high level. And it certainly seems like the trend is towards a tougher competitive environment than Coopers had to deal with in several years. Can you just comment on how you are thinking about that and the potential for maybe the margin of outperformance that you've been accustomed to for some time could contract?
Bob Weiss: I'll jump on the latter question first and I will come back on the other. As far as looking at the competitors looking at the overall market. if the overall market does move up to the 7 plus arena, I'm not going to totally complain about that as long as we are growing. Basically, weve guided our midpoint 7% and we expect to continue to gain market share. There is, as I pointed out some easy comps the fact that, our competitors grew over the prior year when the prior year for example was only 1%, this year was 7%. We frequently follow the -- with many of the analysts used two years backing. So, if I look at two years backing 7 this year, 1 last year midpoint 8 overall the market has been growing 5 on a trailing 12 months thats more indicative. So, there is a little bit of anomalous in the 7, but if the 7 stays because momentum going forward, we think, well do well with that continue to gain market share.
Al White: And then currency quickly Q4 was basically net expectations, if you will, when we gave our guidance. The top-line impact was around $6 million and the positive EPS impact was around $0.18.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Anthony Petrone with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Anthony Petrone : Just two questions on my and one would be on pricing and maybe specifically on [stand] of discounting in the quarter. Where is that trending as you head into fiscal 18.  And then maybe just to give an update on where CooperVision is indexed in silicone hydrogel dailies versus the market. How long in that product cycle had to go before you reached sort of market level rates in that category? Thanks.
Bob Weiss: Sure. On discounting and pricing, of course the industry's been a master at trading up, trading up and trading up. And to overlay on that, we as an industry, there was a fair amount of price increases the last 12 months. On the flip side, there has been a lot of not so much discounting, but rebating. A lot of that is focused in on trying to get you to convert to one day. The strategy is working well as we can see from the growth as a one day being the drivers of the overall markets for the last four years in a row now and that will continue into the future. So, the fact that there are discounts to incentivize or rebates to incentivize to transition from a two-week space into the one-day space, which if there were oasis two-week, non-compliant going to oasis one-day thats 800% trade up, there is a lot of room for rebating and incentives to get you to make the switch.  Today trade up to one-day is still 400% to 600% step up in revenue at the manufacturing level. So, we trade up all day, even if we had to give rebates all day. And that, we now hit the flip point where, there is more revenue generated by one day and then there is revenue generated by non-one day. So, this last quarter $1.5 billion in revenue in single use and only 975 million in non-single use we are now past the 50% market. How is Cooper doing, we continue to be the driver of the one day, particularly within the phase of the silicone hydrogels so for example last 12 months were up 50% year-over-year, whereas the overall market is up 28% year-over-year for silicon hydrogel OneDay lenses. And of course, youve seen our overall numbers, market was up 13% single use and we were up 15% single use for the quarter. So, we think theres a lot of legs left in it and the roll out of MyDay Toric will only further enhance that market share gains as well.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Brian Weinstein with William Blair. Your line is now open.
Andrew Brackmann: Hi guys this is actually Andrew Brackmann on for Brian today. Al, I have got a question for you. On the Q3 cost you said that you guys are going to spend about $0.11 worth of EPS on investments. Can you give us a little status update of those and whether those in magnitude that you expected in the quarter? Thanks.
Al White: Yes, that would be in kind of the magnitude that we were expecting and to be clear to follow up on what Bob said we will continue those investments and we talked about that a little bit in the script through fiscal 18. So, when we look at the guidance that we give in respect to infrastructure investment, sales force expansion, we are doing what we said that we would do for several quarters and we will be doing that incremental investing if you will in the business through fiscal 18.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of John Hsu with Raymond James. Your line is now open.
John Hsu: Hey guys. Thanks for taking the question. Just a quick one on multifocals, it looks like growth has been a little bit choppy this year. Can you talk that up to competitive factors or whats going on in the multifocal space?
Bob Weiss: Yes, thats sort to say we had the target on our back. We were kind of the leading multifocals for many years that really date it back to the turn of the century when Alcon owned the market and then we came out with great multifocals and became the largest player in it. Now everyone has claimed a little catch up there so J&J and Alcon have respectable multifocals. So thats the way it is we are still growing of course. It is a high growth area. We still have market share that is in around 30% market share worldwide in a growth market.  But the long and the short of it is, others have played a little catch up in the market, it is still a small part of the market so when you look at the overall market, multifocals are 8% we are at 10% of our revenue in multifocals and the bigger action point is the Torics where the overall market is around 22% and were about one-third of that market. So Torics is a much bigger fish if you will and there we have a lot of good things going on. And thats a lot more the barriers of entry in a broad Toric category are a lot tougher as there are so many more SKUs in the Toric area compared to multifocals.
John Hsu: Okay, great. And then just one follow up housekeeping. Al, I think you gave the FX on the top-line and EPS. What was the impact on gross margins? 
Al White: We dont get to that level of detail on adjusting everything with respect to FX.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan. Your line is now open. 
Robbie Marcus: Great, thanks for taking the question. Wanted to ask on CooperSurgical. Pro forma guidance 2% to 4% kind of the low trend for what you've been doing in 2017. So maybe you can talk through the impact of what's happening versus an acceleration next year?
Al White: Sure. If you look at the 2% to 4% guidance, what's kind a going on there is split of the two. We finished the year at 4% pro forma growth with a strong 7 to finish. And the guidance on that part of the business if you will is roughly 3% to 5% so more of the same. And then with respect to PARAGARD it's one that's bringing down the consolidated pro forma growth because that we're looking at kind a somewhere around at 1% pro forma growth because of the impact at Q1 that we mentioned. 
Robbie Marcus: Okay. Maybe a follow up, you've been getting outside of market has accelerated in 2017 in Asia-Pac and you've had pretty phenomenal growth there in the past two years in Vision. Can you maybe talk through some of the trends there and how you see that continuing?
Bob Weiss: Sure. We are underindexed in Asia-Pac so if I look at market share we're about 20% in the U.S., 31% approaching number one in Europe, but only 19% in the Asia-Pac area. So, we have a long way to go, part of that was we were later to the game in some regions, but we've had may good headway in Japan which has been a fairly flat market over the last 10 years, but we've been gaining and gaining share with our OneDay portfolio of products which includes MyDay making good progress there, which will continue as well as some of the headway we made in other regions of Asia-Pac be it Korea be it China where our franchise is developing very nice in China.  But one of the other things that is starting to come into a selling [ph] in Asia-Pac that's started in the U.S. is our specialty lens both Torics and multifocals are early in the game and we have a good portfolio. And as I mentioned, we're essentially number one in the specialty lens space, so we'll continue to ride that way with a very broad product line. So, looking forward, I expect to see pretty good growth in Asia-Pac at the market, and continue to gain market share moving to a more respectful level of overall market share with our portfolio. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Matthew O'Brien with Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open. 
Matthew O'Brien : Thanks so much for taking the questions. Two quick ones, first of all, on the Americas side again a little bit soft, there is some questions there. I'm curious if there is anything in the channel specifically, we know there has been some rebating from one of your bigger competitors to the big box chain. So, I'm wondering if there is any headwinds you're facing in a certain segment of the channel whereas elsewhere you're doing even better than your competitors. And if any of those pressures you may or may not be seeing that ease in the near term and then I have follow-up.
Bob Weiss: Yes. I dont think, were, we have any challenges or undue challenges with the different channels. So particularly when it comes to -- I mentioned the on-eye activity is good. We did have tougher comps than the overall marketplace. Were coming out with the new product MyDay Toric which will fit the need of that premium silicone hydrogel one-day market, which is a big evolving market. Private label is a big part of our strategy that has a key role not only in Europe, not only in Asia-Pac, but also in the Americas. So, I would say, we have a lot going forward. LensFerry which is facilitating our independent eye care professionals delivering to the home. So, we have a lot of tools and a lot of products and I dont see a sting [ph] inhibited in any particular area.
Matthew O'Brien : Okay. And then as a follow-up Bob can you touch on a little bit there. But just MyDay with Toric lens. Can you just provide a little bit more color as far as what kind of benefits you saw in Europe as you launched that, because I know most eye care professionals like to see both [sphere] and the Toric together before there are more broadly recommend products. So just any kind of color you can provide there will be helpful? Thank you.
Bob Weiss: Yes. Youre correct about that. Anytime, you have a sphere only compared to someone else sphere and Toric, you get the halo effect of having the combo. And in the case of MyDay very similar to the excitement over just how well, Biofinity has done for the last 10 years now. And Biofinity 10 years later, its a [indiscernible] product, a lot of that add to, with having a great sphere, a super Toric and then a good multifocals. So, we have a lot going for us in terms of MyDay being more analogous to some of the features of the Biofinity if you will.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Matthew Mishan with KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Matthew Mishan : I guess my first question given the success youve seen in Clariti and your competitors have been rounding out the premium end of the space. Are you expecting to see the competition in that mass market silicone hydrogel over the next couple of years and just still that barrier entry on manufacturing? And then I have a follow-up after that. 
Bob Weiss: Yes. I think, if they had made substantial progress in reducing costs, you would eventually see some entre into the mass market. Right now, theyre putting a lot behind basically not taking up oxygen and all the features that silicone hydrogel that apply to the non-one-day product. And theyre really riding the wave of but voice [ph] in the case J&J and daily MOIST in the case of Alcon. So, they have two big products. So, one of their dilemma is gee if you come into the market, are you competing with yourself or youre putting someone in play that is hydrogel, theyre kind of between rock and a hard one spot.  We have nothing to lose because we have two great products, premium and low cost. We are the only one with that cost structure that can price a silicone hydrogel comparable to a MOIST and a daily Clariti product and a complete product range. If they were going to come in to the market, would start with a fear if they got the cost down and then they would have to then piggyback on that eventually multifocal and a Toric to get comparable to Clariti. So, I still see Clariti has a long runway in front of it to ride.
Matthew Mishan : Okay. And then on operating margins I think previously previous PARAGARD at least you had an operating margin target of 28 plus I think by 2021 and you are kind of there already. Do you have any thoughts on the long-term targets on the operating margin side?
Al White: I think we are working with all that in advance. You are correct that we -- my 28% operating target for 2021, we arrived three years early because our target is for next year. So, stay tuned as we dust off our thinking what our new operating target should be. So, if were to tell you on the phone I [indiscernible] five people around me.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Steve Willoughby: Good evening everyone. Two questions for you. First Bob, I was wondering if you could provide us an update on, in the fourth quarter -- in past quarters you talked about what your daily disposable silicone hydrogel lenses grew in total versus your frequent replacement silicone hydrogel lenses and I believe you provided that in your prepared remarks?  And then secondly Bob, could you just give us your opinion on the state of subscription offerings, I guess globally but also in the US as theres been some M&A as it relates to that and I know you guys have your LensFerry products. So just wondering update on that? Thanks so much.
Bob Weiss: First of all, I think I mentioned on my remarks 37% for the growth of silicone hydrogel one day.
Steve Willoughby: Okay sorry I just missed that.
Bob Weiss: Its okay. State of subscription offering, of course we have LensFerry, you have companies out there Hubble and different things. We have been kind of leading the way with home delivery outside the US for many, many, many years. So highly experienced with that model and of course its an enhancer for the eye care professional. So, its not a bad model.  From our perspective important to that model is having a couple of things. One is private labels, those that want to embark on their own design and model. Number two is having the broadest product portfolio of spheres, Torics and multifocals still makes it more attractive that you could do more things with it.  I understand that companies and I will pick on Hubble for the moment like Hubble will continue to have a very narrow generic offering importing products from Taiwan so thats only get so far at the end of the day eye care professionals, trying to tell eye care professional you all have to convert to writing script for generic here from Taiwan will only get you so far in terms of developing the model. You're going to need the breadth of products for a reasons doctors prescribed silicon hydrogel. There are recent doctors prescribe Toric, there are reasons they prescribe multifocals. And there are a lot more complicated to fit than just a generic model that is tempting to have the patient influence the eye care professional on what to prescribe. That's a tough model. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Steven Lichtman with Oppenheimer. Your line is now open. 
Steven Lichtman: Thank you. Hi guys. Bob, I was wondering if you could give us your latest thoughts on the North America market, in the post-UPP world? As you look back now over the past several quarters with UPP gone, any update you can give us on what impact positive or negative if at all its removal has had on the market?
Bob Weiss: I never was much of a UPP guy day one and I still never got enamored by along the way. It was a method of marketing and like those on and there are other methods of marketing that have been used for 30 and 40 years. Clearly rebates have their role, but try it you like it is a big part of the game. So UPP was kind of the pass through and out of that pain in the neck event but we'll be on it. 
Steven Lichtman: Okay. And then, Al, the lower pricing in genetic testing that you mentioned, can you talk a little bit more about what that was and how we should think about that going forward?
Al White: Sure, we've experienced that more recently within genetic testing within the IVS space. And there are some competitors in that space, who are getting very aggressive with price interestingly companies who are losing significant amounts of money. And I guess as long as people are willing to give them money and their strategy is just to do as many tests as can be, we could continue to experience some pressure there. But we'll stay by our strategy of running a good profitable business and putting money in R&D and developing improved test and so forth. So, we'll see how that plays out, I think that we could face that a little bit more as we move through fiscal '18.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert Baird. Your line is now open. 
Jeff Johnson: Thank you, guys. Hey, just one follow up question. Al, you had mentioned that the incremental investments in the distribution center and maybe some above and beyond sales force investments things like that were $0.11 to the fiscal fourth quarter. How does that continue into 2018? I know you said those will continue, but if FX is a $0.38 tailwind, what are those investments offsetting. And then if PARAGARD is $0.70. Are there any other pluses and minuses we should be thinking about in the quarter or for the year, I'm sorry. 
Al White: Sure, I'll give a little color on that. Because the guidance that we're giving here for fiscal '18 is clearly quite a bit stronger than what we indicated it would be back on our September call, meaning we're hurdling a good $0.20, $0.25 of FX, we're also hurdling the medical device tax that we talked about which is about $3 million. So, the numbers look pretty good.  Now having said we are investing within sales and marketing distribution from other areas in the business we're going to continue to do that even though currency and so forth has moved against us. We have not got back on those investments. So, we're able to put up this guidance because of fundamental strength in the business itself be it operating margins and leveraging OpEx in some parts of the business, leveraging our improvements within cost of goods, things look pretty good kind of throughout the P&L.  So, I will get you two specific and how much were going to spend each quarter. I guess, I probably just say that were investing in the business, were excited about it. Were excited about growth. Were excited about taking market share. There is a number of areas within CooperVision, theyre going really well that we want to continued invest in PARAGARD looks like there is a lot of upside in that. So, were pretty excited about that, were going to hire people there and invest in sales and marketing in that part of the business. So, its fair to say feeling pretty good and not stopping investing in the business to continue to drive top-line growth. 
Operator: Thank you. And Im showing no further questions at this time. So, Id like to return the call to Mr. Bob Weiss for any closing remarks. 
Bob Weiss: Well, I want to thank you for joining us today and I hopefully youre excited about where we land it and more importantly where were going. There is nothing, Ill look for earnings per share growth next year of upper teen is exciting. Its look very real, we talk about that. We look obviously thrilled about some of the news that has been up here and Paragon or on hormonal [indiscernible] the last couple of days makes it even more exciting. We look forward to updating you on the next conference call, which will be our first quarter earnings for fiscal year 2018 and I think thats on the 8th of March and we look forward to set as report at that point. Thank you, operator, please conclude the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays call. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-08-31 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Kim Duncan - VP, IR Bob Weiss - Chief Executive Officer Al White - Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer
Analysts: Brian Weinstein - William Blair Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird Larry Keusch - Raymond James Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Chris Pasquale - Guggenheim Matthew O'Brien - Piper Jaffray Andrew Hanover - JP Morgan Jon Block - Stifel
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q3 2017 The Cooper Companies, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference Ms. Kim Duncan, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon. And welcome to The Cooper Companies third quarter 2017 earnings conference call. During today's call, we will discuss the results included in the earnings release along with the updated guidance and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Bob Weiss, Chief Executive Officer; and Al White, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that this call is contained forward-looking statements, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance, and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market or regulatory conditions and integration of any acquisitions or their failure to achieve anticipated benefits. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that maybe incorrect or imprecise, and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the Company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward-Looking Statements in today's earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including Cooper's Form 10-K, all of which are available on our website at cooperco.com. Should you have any additional questions following the call, please call our Investor line at 925-460-3663 or e-mail ir@cooperco.com. And now, I'll turn the call over to Bob for his opening remarks.
Bob Weiss: Thank you, Kim, and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to our third quarter 2017 conference call. This was another solid quarter with share gains, improving margins and strong cash flow. On a consolidated basis, we reported 556 million in revenue and non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.64. CooperVision posted another strong quarter with 7% as reported revenue growth or up 8% in constant currency. Daily silicone hydrogel lenses grew 47%, while Biofinity and Avaira combined to grow 10% both in constant currency. CooperSurgical posted revenue growth of 13% up 4% pro forma with Fertility up 26% or 6% pro forma. Moving to the details, CooperVision posted third quarter revenues of 437 million, up 8% in constant currency. By geography, the Americas grew 2%, EMEA grew 13%, and Asia-Pacific grew 13%, all in constant currency. The Americas stands out as it was soft, but based on market data the entire market was soft. We continue to see good data in the Americas so it appears this was an anomaly and we expect stronger growth in future quarters. Overall, revenues continue to be driven by our silicone hydrogel lenses led by MyDay and Clariti in daily space and Biofinity in the monthly space. Regarding daily, our two tier approach within the daily silicone hydrogel space allows doctors to offer premium in mass markets lenses with the latest materials. MyDay is our premium daily silicone hydrogel lens and is offered as a very high quality sphere and toric. Our Clariti products are sold on a mass-market basis and remain the only daily silicone hydrogel lenses family with the sphere, toric, and a multifocal offering. In addition, Clariti is competitively priced against several daily hydrogel products that we maintained a nice competitive advantage. Overall, we continue to believe where it deserves the healthiest modality compared with the highest quality, oxygen permeable materials to ensure the best health for the eye. This is done with daily lenses using silicone hydrogel lenses such as MyDay and Clariti. Moving to other products, Biofinity continues to perform extremely well all around the world. This includes the full product offering of spheres, torics, multifocals along with our expanded offerings of Biofinity Energys and Biofinity XR Toric. We continue to see diversified geographic strength from Biofinity and expect solid performance for many years to come. Within the two-week space, we're continuing to transition wearers to our upgraded Avaira Vitality lens from our legacy Avaira products. As weve discussed in the past, this is a large and time-consuming endeavor, but I'm happy to say our customers are receiving this upgrade very positively. Our timing remains the same which is to finish the transition by roughly the end of fiscal 2018. Turning to product categories, we remain the global leader in torics which grew a solid 11% in constant currency, primarily driven by Clariti one-day Toric and Biofinity Toric along with the rollout of MyDay Toric in Europe. We believe there's still a lot of room for growth in this category both by modality and by geography. Multifocals grew 7% in constant currency, we have a diversified set of products in this space and arguably the best multifocal design on the market with Biofinity multifocal and we expect continued growth. Turning to the global contact lens market, for calendar Q2 we grew 7% versus the market that was up 4%. This included growing faster than the market in each geography with the Americas growing 2% against the market, up 1%. EMEA growing 11% versus the market up 6% and Asia-Pacific growing 12% versus the market up 8%. By modality, single uses lenses continued driving growth with CDI up 14% and the market up 12%. And finally CDI's non-single use lenses grew 4% while the market declined 3%. On a trailing 12 month basis, CooperVision also reported very strong numbers growing 8% versus the market up 4%. Going forward, we are still targeting 4% to 6% market growth driven by the continuing shift to improve technology such as wider suite of silicone hydrogel lenses, the continuing trade up to dailies and to specialty lenses, geographic expansion and the expansion of the wearer base particularly outside the United States. And given our strength in these areas along with our broad private label offering, we expect to continue growing faster than the market. Turning to a different topic, we completed the acquisition of a small specialty contact lens company named Procornea in August. This added a leading ortho-k technology to our lens portfolio and increases access to several fast-growing myopia control markets. This acquisition supports our specialty lens strategy led by our MiSight products. Myopia control is currently in its infancy, but we are developing a nice specialty lens platform to remain a leader as this market starts taking shape. Note, the financial terms of this acquisition were not disclosed. Moving to CooperSurgical, we reported third quarter revenues of 119 million, up 13% driven by organic growth and acquisition. On a pro forma basis, we grew 4% in Fertility with Fertility leading the way up 26% or 6% pro forma. This quarter was an improvement over the last two quarters, and I believe Q4 will continue another step up in the right direction. With the IVF, we are continuing to work through integration matters, but we are making progress. We're also continuing to execute on our growth strategy as the global leader in medical devices and genetic testing within the Fertility space. The IVF space remains a global market with long-term, strong growth dynamics and we look forward to continuing our positive trends. Our office and surgical products business grew 1% for the quarter, with strength in our disposable hysteroscope EndoSee offset by weakness in the older product lines. Before turning it over to Al, I want to express my appreciation to our employees for their hard work and dedication. I also want to especially send our best wishes to those impacted by the storm in Texas including our employees located in that area. And now, I will turn it over to Al.
Al White: Thank you, Bob, and good afternoon, everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to today's earnings release for a full reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. Bob covered revenues, so let me focus on the rest of the financials and guidance. For the quarter, consolidated gross margins were 64.8%, up nicely from 63.6% last year with both CooperVision and CooperSurgical posting improved gross margins year-over-year. CooperVision's gross margins were 65.5%, up from 64.2% last year, driven by the product mix shift gains and currency, partially offset by higher cost inventory tied to our annual plant shutdowns in fiscal Q1. As a reminder, our inventory turns through the P&L over six months, so our plant shutdowns in fiscal Q1 resulted in higher cost inventory turning through the P&L in our fiscal third quarter. Bob mentioned the Avaira transition and I want to comment quickly that we did experience higher sequential cost associated with switching patient from Avaira to Avaira Vitality mostly from writing off inventory. Having said that, we excluded these unique transition costs totaling 2.8 million for non-GAAP repurposes. To be clear, this is a very positive transition for us as we are providing a high quality replacement product while realizing manufacturing improvements to significantly improve future gross margins. We expect we will see most of this benefit in the back half of next year and into fiscal 2019. CooperSurgical posted a nice bump in gross margins to 62.4%, up a 120 basis points from 61.2% last year. These improvements were driven by success around our integration efforts within Fertility along with the margin improvement in our base medical device business. Consolidated operating expenses grew 10.5% in the quarter driven by investments throughout the Company. We spent time in prior quarters discussing investments including our sales force expansion, but I want to highlight that we expanded our investment activity this past quarter to include other parts of the business such as distribution. It's important to remember our revenue growth has been strong for many years and we believe that will continue for many more years. As such, we need to ensure our infrastructure is capable of meeting our higher throughput and more stringent customer demand. Ensuring, we maintain a strong global distributions platform is at the top of this list. Combining these investments with other areas such as sales and marketing, the SG&A spending will likely remain elevated. Regarding the financial impact of this quarter and into the future, we use currency upside to support these investments and we will continue to do so. We had currency as a headwind for many years in tightening our belt. So, it's nice to have currency as a tailwind to now support needed infrastructure investment. Moving to operating income, we grew OI by 9.5% with operating margins improving to 25.9% from 25.6% last year. Below operating income, we reported 8.3 million of interest expense and our effective tax rate was 6%, both in line with our expectation. Non-GAAP EPS was $2.64 with roughly 49.6 million average shares outstanding. Moving to the balance sheet, total debt decreased to $174 million in the quarter to approximately $1.21 billion. This pay down was driven by strong cash flow and a reduction in cash balances. Regarding cash flow, we posted a $117 million of free cash comprised of roughly a $115 million of operating cash flow offset by $30 million of CapEx. Before moving to guidance, I want to mention the CooperVision has recently entered into a settlement agreement with respect to the class action complaints relating to UPP or Unilateral Pricing Policy. The settlement includes a payment of $3 million and is still subject to court approval. We have excluded the settlement accrual and related costs from our non-GAAP earnings. Regarding guidance for fiscal Q4, we are guiding CooperVision revenues to 435 million to 445 million, up roughly 5% to 7.5% pro forma, against the tough 11% cap. And note, I am highlighting pro forma rather than just constant currency as we're including the small revenue from CooperVision's Procornea acquisition in the prior quarter to provide a true organic growth rate. CooperSurgical's Q4 revenue guidance is 117 million to 120 million, a roughly 3% to 6% pro forma. Regarding non-GAAP EPS, we are guiding to $2.60 to $2.70 up roughly 9.5% effective tax rate. Within this guidance is an assumption that severe flooding in Texas negatively impact CooperVision revenue by 2 million, CooperSurgical's revenue by 1 million and EPS by roughly $0.03. On a full year basis, this translates the raising consolidated revenue guidance to 2.129 billion to 2.142 billion with CooperVision at 1.67 billion to 1.68 billion and CooperSurgical at 459 million to 452 million. We are also increasing our full year non-GAAP EPS guidance to $9.66 to $9.76. Before concluding, I would like to make a brief comment about next fiscal year. We are comfortable stating that we expect as reported non-GAAP EPS growth to be in the low double-digits for fiscal 2018. This includes assumptions around the investments I discussed earlier. In other words, we anticipate using at least some of the recent positive currency tailwinds to support our continuing infrastructure expansion plan. With that, let me conclude by saying, we remain focused on expanding our business and gaining global market share while delivering consistent solid financial results. And this quarter was certainly another step in that direction. And with that, I will hand it back to the operator for the questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And now our first question comes from the line of Brian Weinstein with William Blair. Your line is now open.
Brian Weinstein: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I am wondering if you could it talk at all about any kind of pricing benefit that you guys are seeing. I know you've raised some pricing on strategic lenses in April. What benefit has that been giving you? And can you talk about the difference how you're going about your price increases versus how some of your competitors do that? And did that cause any kind of an issue in the market? Thanks.
Bob Weiss: Sure, Brian. Pricing gets a lot of questions and has historically got a lot of questions. It is true there are some competitors raising prices -- list prices. It's also true that as an industry we've been trading up, we've been more about trading up. So, 90% of the action of growth in the industry is trading up, less than 10% has anything to do with pricing and that's been that way forever for 30 years. So pricing sometimes is a tactic, it allows you to do things as you are shifting wares from a two week modality into a one day and a one month modality. So, you may do something with your list prices. At the end of the day, it's the net growth that matters, it's the trading up that matters. And I would say pricing is nothing more than a minor tactic in achieving whatever you're trying to do. The industry has done a phenomenal job of moving now people out of the two weeks space into the monthly, into the one day space. The growth of the industry the last four years plus has been the one day modality in the U.S.; and for the last 10 years, it's been the one day modality outside U.S. So, I'm not going to comment too much more on the granularity of pricing tactics.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Joanne Wuensch: Hi, thank you very much for taking my question. Two of them. One, could you please walk us through your EPS guidance bridge roughly $0.14 at the midpoint that you raised it? How much of that is from tax, FX and probably some other components in there?
Bob Weiss: Al, you want to?
Al White: I'll take that one. Yes, from a tax perspective, we came in probably just a little lighter maybe than expecting in Q3, but Q4 as we guided to 9.5%. So for a full year basis, we're probably you know in that 7.5 little bit north of that maybe range. So I wouldn't put much in there from tax. From an FX perspective that's a little bit of a different story. We had about $0.06, $0.16 -- I am sorry, $0.16 benefit from FX this quarter. And when we look at Q4, we have about a $0.12 FX benefit, so some nice benefit coming from currency in Q3 and Q4. We obviously invested a lot of that and as I talked about, we're taking the opportunity here to do some upgrades especially within distribution throughout the business to ensure we meet customer demand going forward. And there really wasn't much else there, so it's pretty much driven by, doing what we were doing. And then outside from foreign exchange [Indiscernible] reinvest in the infrastructure and business.
Joanne Wuensch: Thanks. So, here's my second question is, last quarter you're helpful to give us some idea of how fast you are ramping up your sales force. Could you give us an idea of where the sales force hires are and how the productivity is progressing? Thank you.
Al White: Yes, I would say that we have put a lot of energy the last 12 months into sales force expansion. And while I won't quote exact numbers in terms of feet on the street, I would say we have expanded our sales force year-over-year 20% in vision. So a lot more feet on the street, we're still under indexed against all of our primary competitors and even a smaller competitor. Having said that, the productivity I think is reflective in the fact that we continue to grow twice the markets. So we're getting a lot of results out of that expanded feet on the street. It does take 9 to 12 months to have sales persons fully productive, so were still marching up that curve very nicely. It's a global expansion. It's not only the U.S. So, we continue to find Asia-Pacific as largely been a bootstrap pay as you go basis, but hire as many as you need to continue to expand your coverage in Asia-Pac. In Europe, we're borderline almost number one now in the marketplace neck-and-neck with Alcon and continue to add two feet on the street in Europe also. So, it's going very well. We're happy with the progress. We're happy with the availability of what is out there to have and attract into the CooperVision family.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert W. Baird. Your line is now open.
Jeff Johnson: Bob, I wondered first questions if you could just talk on the North American market, obviously, it came in a little softer than we might expected. I think the numbers at the end of the press release are growing, so that I don't it includes the promotional activities, but maybe if you could just talk about kind of what you think is going on in the North America market this quarter? Thanks.
Bob Weiss: Sure. Yes, you're going to have to mute I think there is something because it is in the background, okay, that's good. Yes, the Americas, the North Americas, as I indicated was soft, we think the on eye activity is good. So, the throughput is good, the trading up is phenomenal going from two week to one day. So really some of the anomaly I think if we look at the last six quarters since J&J started their activity and whether it's the migration from UPP or whether it's consolidation of distribution whether it's some of the tactics that J&J has used in the marketplace by way changing distribution channels, there is a host of activities that could lead to tough comps and hard to figure out what's going on. Net, net, net over a multiyear period and I have to go multiyear even though our UC like to go 12-months, the market is very good. But I must admit it's been I'd say one quarter does not a trend make. This quarter clearly is not indicative of a trend nor do I think it's indicative of the market strength, which is fine on a -- clearly on our worldwide basis. Sorry, I don't have a better answer than that, but it's -- I would admit it's pretty squirrelly.
Jeff Johnson: Okay. And a very quick follow-up for Al maybe promotional activity on Clariti and MyDay went up [Indiscernible] May 1st. CVI gross margin maybe a bit softer than we were looking for. Can you quantify any impact of those promotions? Or was it much to the P&L at all this quarter? Thanks.
Al White: Yes, it's challenging to quantify that, right. No, I would say, it was not a big impact to the quarter though suffice it to say.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Larry Keusch with Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Larry Keusch: Two quick ones. Bob, you sort of mentioned this. But can you talk a little bit about the recent trends in the two-week segment of the market? My sense is that, that category is accelerating in its erosion, if you will. So, I am just curious, if, A, you think that, that's consistent with what you are seeing and what you guys are really doing to try to continue capture those two-week patients as they come loose? And then the second question for Al is, could you just -- I am really just trying to think about next year's cash flow generation and obviously CapEx is very cyclical for your business. So I just wanted to get some sense of how you are thinking about CapEx needs for next year?
Bob Weiss: I will deal with the first one. You are absolutely right. There is an acceleration of the two-week space shifting into the daily and to a lesser extent the monthly. We have been putting up pretty good Biofinity numbers. So yes some of them are waiting for the monthly category. I applaud the efforts that J&J has in that arena. They are about 90% of that market or a little more. So that's the wear base. And we want that wear base and they know it out of the two-week and to other spaces and primarily the one day modality. Since they have adopted that strategy, really when they came out with the one-week product and then the one day product meaning a one-week oasis and then a one day oasis, they have really accelerated the depth of that two-week space. And we find that, we are getting our fair share. Obviously, when you look at the Clariti and MyDay numbers 47% growth over a higher base, so year-after-year that base goes up and it continues to grow very impressively. And clearly the U.S. is a big part of that growth because of that shift from the two-week into the one day space.
Al White: Yes, I would say on the CapEx question. Obviously, we are closing out a strong year here. We are going to have free cash flow well in north of 400 and our CapEx looking like it's going to be in light 150. I would say that because of the way it's calculated in terms of whey you write the check, I think that we will close out strong year. It would not surprise me if next year's CapEx -- I would be surprised but not higher, certainly could be in that 150 to 200 depending upon what we do. As I mentioned distribution as an example, wouldn't surprise me if we have new distribution facility as an example in each business next year. So I could see -- certainly see CapEx being higher next year. On the flip side, our operating cash flow will continue to grow and year-over-year free cash flow continued to improve. So fiscal '17, strong close to the year should result in strong free cash flow. Fiscal '18 even with higher CapEx, if we have it, it's going to be an even stronger free cash flow year as what I would say at this point.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Larry Biegelsen: I have one for Bob on the Americas, one for Al on 2018. I will try to ask them both upfront, if you need me to clarify, I will. But Bob back to the Americas, I mean the 12 months, it's been weak -- the last 12 months have been week. So, it's not just a one quarter phenomenon, I guess what I'm trying to understand is what gives you the confidence that it's going to recover, if it's unclear based on your earlier answer exactly what's going on. I mean one theory is that it was the destocking a year ago, and that's just kind of rolling out. So can you give us any color as to why you're confident you know that the market will recover? You know, it's not just a J&J phenomenon obviously your results in the Americas have also been depressed. So a little bit more color on that would be helpful? And then second for Al, you talked about EPS, but you didnt talk about sales. Consensus right now is about 7% on the top line. I'm assuming that underlying excluding currency. Are you guys comfortable with that? And is currency about a 3% tailwind to sales and $0.60 to EPS next year? Thanks for taking the questions guys.
Bob Weiss: Okay, on the Americas. Our confidence really comes back to -- if we look at from a four year perspective the Americas has done well. More like 4% and we do have the acceleration of the trading up and keep in mind I've mentioned in the past that a trade up of an oasis non-compliant wear is 800% trade up to an oasis one-day compliant wear. So two week non-compliant referring it as a monthly and buying it in -- available in a two year supply because they buy a one year supply at two weeks which turns into a two year supply on a monthly basis. They then shift to buying 730 lenses and they're very compliant because they don't have lens care regimens and all that stuff. So, we're highly confident that once you get through the noise level of everything that's gone on including just how much J&J sells the pipeline in the third and fourth quarters of 2015 that kind of created anomalies throughout the next period. And to including some of the antics of going direct, trying to go around the middle man and to including some of the consolidation going on with partnerships of large retailers, so there's a lot of moving parts, but underlying that is the market that looks very healthy from a wearer perspective and a trading up perspective. So, we're highly confident, we'll see normalized correlation between that shift and the revenue line in the future.
Al White: And Larry when it comes to guidance, I'm not going to provide too much color yet. Its a little early. The business has obviously been performing well from a top line perspective and we don't fluctuate significantly. So, we'll see how that plays out, but I don't want to give specific numbers on that yet or frankly with respect to currency as much as the markets move. You know making the statement that were comfortable staying low double digits and use 11% as the midpoint you can argue that that's conservative. And certainly when you look at our Q4 guidance here of 14 to 18% as reported, we obviously strive for stronger numbers. At this point in time though, still months and months and months away from next year and giving guidance, I think its prudent to just stick with where we are right now. And we'll update it accordingly when we get on the December call.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Steve Willoughby: Good afternoon thanks for taking my call. I had a question. Two questions for you. First on the CSI business, if I remember correctly a quarter ago, you commented how you saw some of the headwinds of that business were going to abate here in the third quarter. And so just if could provide any more color on exactly what's going on there? And how long you expect the pressure you are seeing on the office business to continue? And then I guess just one last question on the Americas, Bob, do you think there is any impact from the increase rebating activity sort of pulling forward demand because there is just more annual supply sales happening these days?
Al White: No, I think the surgical.
Bob Weiss: Yes, I think surgical price. The third part it was to touch weaker than certainly at least I was expecting it was going to be the Fertility business did okay there was still some integration activity and the probably linger to little bit longer than I thought it was going to. So I think it we will see a little bit stronger fourth quarter performance there. The base there is so, yes, there is a lot of legacy products there so, EndoSee, as Bob mentioned are disposable history to scope is doing really well and we're continuing to make a lot of progress there, but some of the base products are a little bit harder to get moving there. So I still think that business is more along wise of the 3% to 4%, 5% maybe kind of growth business that component that base business component of it. So that was a little bit lighter it's hard to get into the any individual quarter and pinpoint the specific issues associated with it, but I do think you'll see a little bit of improvement on that in Q4 also.
Al White: On rebating particularly into the Americas, I think there is a silver lining to the whole of rebating. I think you are right that the rebating activity has increased and that makes sense when you think about what we're doing as an industry moving from the two weeks space and trying to provide that incentive to and do you fit in the one day modality. So there is a lot of energy is being spent on trial you'll like it. If we can get to there to try it once you realize how convenient it is, they'll probably stay and not go back ever again because it's just too convenient, and I speak as the user not and not only as user who used to clean the lenses every day. So I dont worry about cleaning lenses every day. I throw them away every day. So the strategy of rebating and creating that extra incentive to say hey net, net, net this is not to expensive right now. Keep in mind there is a list price, now, list price is getting higher and higher relative to the net. And so I can net out take my money and spending our lens care and shifted into the one day modality and feel real good about that and the convenience lone behold down the road, it could be that the rebates start diminishing, once you're a new fit and no longer a new fit, but a re-user who knows what will happen. So I think more important to have your list price, full list price of that cards or list price of the hotel room, I dont care what list price you are talking about where you suddenly provide a $1,000 list and the $500 refund well. It's a $1,000 list and a $1,000 bill certain times, so that's kind of same in this industry as every other industry on how you play that out.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Chris Pasquale with Guggenheim. Your line is now open.
Chris Pasquale: Thanks. Al, I wanted to start by circling back on the guidance update and the impact to currency here. So you guys have been looking for currency to be neutral for the year which implied about a 2% -- sorry $0.02 headwinds in the back half. Now, it sounds like there is actually going to be $0.28 positive in the back half, so the implication is that on a constant currency basis full-year guidance came down by about $0.15. Is that math correct, and if so, whats driving that?
Al White: Yes, I mean, I am not sure exactly how to and in terms of what's driving it, I mean obviously currency has been moved in our favor. So, when you look at it, the numbers are roughly correct, thats true. I mean some of these are given ranges especially on forward-looking guidance, but thats true. The answer to that though is the investment side. So when we gave guidance last quarter, we saw the currency strength, already its a matter of fact that when we guided we guided with some relatively conservative FX rates. And we were getting in front of especially distribution is the best example I can give. You guys have heard, youve done survey work and youve heard some distribution issues that weve talked about it in the past. We have a lot more volume going through our distribution center. A lot of our business is driven by daily growth. We have -- customers are demanding a higher level of excellence when it comes to shipping thats both through within Vision and Surgical. Our business is about growing and growing pretty consistently. So we are getting in front of that and we started that at beginning of last quarter. Now its much easier to do that so to speak and report good numbers when you have currency at your back. We went a number of years when we were fighting currency. And so putting up pretty good numbers in the face of currency and now its kind of flipped the other side. So we are taking advantage if you will of the currency situation to invest some of those dollars.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Matthew O'Brien with Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
Matthew O'Brien: Thanks so much. So two questions. Al, can you just be a little more specific on how much youre going to be investing between this year and next year? How much of its coming this year and how much of its coming next year and exactly where those investments are going to be going domestic versus international? And then may be for Bob, on the Procornea side, that asset I think if I know it has a pretty sound presence in China. Is there an opportunity to accelerate your contact lens business in China as a result of that acquisition? And then myopia control as a segment I think can be overtime hundreds of millions of dollars. I mean when do you think that acceleration in that market occurs, is it sometime this decade? Thanks.
Al White: I mean a lot of investment is going be offshore. So obviously I mentioned distribution a couple of times and you are going to continue to see that. We will have probably a couple of new distribution centers coming up within Vision and Surgical and an expansion of existing distribution centers. So youre going to see a lot of activity there. We are not going to hold back on sales and marketing investments either. And as weve mentioned, Bob has talked you through, we are at around 2 times in the market. We have a lot of momentum, a lot of really good products. We are going to continue to invest dollars in both business to drive market share gain. So you are going to see that, and when you look at how much, some of thats frankly to be honest with you gets dependent upon currency. I mean if the euro outwards that and continue to give us the opportunity to do some investments, we are going to take advantage of that. A lot of those are variable factors and we can be around that. But we do believe in the long-term of the business and we are going to invest accordingly.
Bob Weiss: On Procornea, we obviously havent given a lot of air time at this juncture. But you are correct that big part of their business is in fact in China. Relative to whether or not and to what degree that will allow us to accelerate, our overall franchise in China, I would assume yes there will be some benefits, but quite frankly a lot of what makes, what's okay and what Procornea is about and myopia control, its pretty much in the hands of a specialty area where people really focusing on what it takes to slow the progress of myopia particularly in younger generation, younger part of the generation. So I don't think there's a real lot of spill over there. We are tremendously excited about the space, but we also are realistic to say this can be a long haul development. Myopia's going up around the world significantly. Its gone from you know basically 20% of the world and it will be approaching 50% of the population by 2050 and directionally, it's clearly headed that way. What's causing it very much is taking people off rural area the countryside, putting them in schools is one of the leading thoughts. Having less natural sunlight is a thought. Whatever the real reason is, its clear that myopia is going up around the world and that the world will need a better portfolio of products to address high myops which run into problem later in life with retinal detachments and various other forms of eye challenges, so we're excited about it but its not going to be immediate so we're looking beyond the next five years I think in terms of where it starts moving the needle.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from the line of Andrew Hanover with JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Andrew Hanover: Thanks for taking our questions. So I thought I'd start with Al with my first question and then follow it up with Bob for my second. But I wanted to Al just go over guidance real quick and just understand CVI five to seven at pro forma guidance? And what the contribution was in terms of the acquisition last quarter I would say a year ago? And then Bob on torics and multifocals have somewhat of an easier comp this quarter, you're launching Clariti Toric in the U.S. and MyDay Toric in Europe. Any color you can give there in terms of some of the pushes and pulls in the quarter?
Al White: Yes, couple of comments on CooperVision revenue that we did not disclose the financial terms details of that acquisition, but it was small. So I can tell you there's a minimal impact to revenues on CooperVision from that. If you look at our guidance from CooperVision from last quarter to this quarter certainly some of that was currency, as we saw the improvement in currency within the business, but it would take -- we actually take the business up even more than that. So operationally, the underlying fundamentals of CooperVision are very strong and the kind of 5% to 7.5% growth that's given for the next quarter would be an improvement, right, the only reason that it looks like its less than an as reported basis is because we're coming off a lot of different comps.
Bob Weiss: On the dynamics of toric and multifocals, we have a lot of activities going on around the world both as to products and as to geography. In terms of a lot of activities that's leading to solid growth in Asia-Pac with MyDay Toric continuing to roll out there and torics in general by far the most mature market in the world and that's a relative term not really mature is the Americas where Torics are far advanced compared to the rest of the world by a factor of more than 50%, meaning there's a lot more penetration. For example in Japan and Germany, there has been a history in the past of dealing with astigmatism by RGPs, big in Germany, big in Japan, but new -- the newer generation, the young adults are not getting RGPs. They are getting torics when they have astigmatism. So, tremendous growth opportunity is there. We're happy with the numbers we're putting up. We're happy with some of the progress we've made with MyDay Toric, which is early in the game in terms of rolling it out now into your and later next year in the U.S. We're happy with Biofinity extended range, the made to order. So a lot of good things that should keep a solid momentum in that specialty contact lens area.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Jon Block with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Jon Block: First one Bob or Al maybe just the optimal capital structure [indiscernible] chatter out there that there were certain limits health assets that might be for sale. I know you are not going to comment specifically on those assets. But can you talk to your leverage or appetite for more acquisitions in CSI considering it still seems like the integration is going on with some of the deals that we've done last year? That's the first question. And the second one just small P&L question. Any details on the 3.2 million other income gain in the quarter, an lastly Al, I want to make sure I heard you as the 2.8 million that was excluded from non-GAAP results that was specific to the Vitality transition, that's the case and it was excluded in this quarter, but not the past couple because it was larger than expected? Thanks guys.
Al White: Yes, let me write a couple off here something if you want. The Vitality you are right 2.8 million, it was something like a $1 million or maybe a little bit less last quarter. We had not called it out at that point. Now, it's moved up to a point here where I think it's worthwhile to actually highlight as we mentioned. It will occur again I think probably a similar amount in Q4, probably again in Q1. And then it will tail off that transition is getting done. So I dont believe it's ever going to be that larger to the number, but it's important enough I think from our perspective to be transparent kind of highlight that. If you look at the 3.2 million the other income and there are lot of that' is going to be associated with foreign exchange, so that's going to be below the line FX gains on our intercompany loan. So we kind of see that fluctuate, you will see that the gains on quarter see at as a loss on quarters that just kind of maneuvers around currency, but that's what the majority of that would have been. If you look at our optimal capital structure, I guess the way I'd say I look at it is this quarter our bank defined net funded debt to EBITDA, which is the way I look at it, it was 1.71 time. So from a leverage perspective, we're probably a little bit on the light side right now. Obviously, we look at things like investing in the business, we look at acquisitions, we look at share buybacks and so forth as different avenues and enhanced shareholder value and we will continue to do that. I think that from a leverage perspective defined that way. If you start getting below 1.5 times or certainly as you move toward the one or lower, you are getting yourself kind of unlevered in today's lower interest rate world. If you are going to be move up towards north of three or certainly as you move towards 3.5, if you were to move that high right here you would have to raise a question mark on that as your leverage risk is going to go up.
Operator: Thank you. And I am showing no further questions at this time. This does conclude todays Q&A session. I would now like to return the call to Mr. Robert Weiss for any closing remarks.
Bob Weiss: Well, I want to thank you for joining us today for an update on how the year is progressing. We have a lot of positive activities going on as you can see. We look forward to updating you as we approach and come out with our year-end numbers. and I believe thats on December the 7th. And so, we look forward to giving you an update at that time. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. That does conclude the program. And you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-06-01 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Kim Duncan - Vice President, Investor Relations Bob Weiss - Chief Executive Officer Al White - Chief Financial Officer and CSO
Analysts: Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird Matthew O'Brien - Piper Jaffray Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Anthony Petrone - Jefferies Larry Keusch - Raymond James Jon Block - Stifel Matthew Mishan - KeyBanc Andrew Hanover - JP Morgan Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Steven Lichtman - Oppenheimer
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for your patience. Youve joined The Cooper Companies Q2 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference maybe recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Kim Duncan. Maam, you may begin.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon. And welcome to The Cooper Companies second quarter 2017 earnings conference call. During todays call, we will discuss the results included in the earnings release and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on todays call are Bob Weiss, Chief Executive Officer; and Al White, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance, and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market or regulatory conditions and integration of any acquisitions or their failure to achieve anticipated benefits. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that maybe incorrect or imprecise, and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward-Looking Statements in todays earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including Coopers Form 10-K, all of which are available on our website at cooperco.com. Should you have any additional questions following the call, please call our Investor line at 925-460-3663 or e-mail ir@cooperco.com. And now Ill turn the call over to Bob for his opening remarks.
Bob Weiss: Thank you, Kim, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the second quarter 2017 conference call. This was a strong quarter and we continue to feel confident about the remainder of this year and into the future for both CooperVision and CooperSurgical having a lot of momentum. On a consolidated basis, we reported $522 million in revenue on a non-GAAP and non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.50. CooperVision posted another strong quarter in all key areas with 4% as reported or 7% constant currency revenue growth. Daily silicone hydrogel lenses grew 43%, while Biofinity and Avaira combined to grow 12% both in constant currency. CooperSurgical posted revenue growth of 23% or 3% pro forma. Fertility posted growth of 52% or 5% pro forma. Moving to the details, CooperVision posted second quarter revenues of $408 million, up 7% in constant currency. By geography, the Americas grew 4%, EMEA grew 10%, and Asia-Pacific grew 9%, all in constant currency. CooperVisions growth continues to be driven by a diverse portfolio of Clariti and MyDay in the daily space, Biofinity in the monthly space, and Avaira in the two-week space. Regarding daily lenses, our broad offering of silicone hydrogel lenses continues to drive growth. The daily market is critical to our strategy of gaining share and we remained focused on driving success in this space. Our Clariti portfolio of spheres, torics, and multifocals leads the way as the mass-market offering. We continue to see very nice growth in all three regions. Our MyDay spheres and torics are also doing very well in the premium space as we continue to rollout MyDay toric in Japan and various parts of Europe. Biofinity, we continued seeing success around the world with strong growth in all regions. We also continued making progress rolling out our expanded offerings which include Biofinity Energys and Biofinity Toric XR. These are products are available in a number of different markets and well continue rolling them out over time. Within the two-week space, we successfully transitioned wearers to Avaira Vitality from our legacy Avaira product. This is for both spheres and torics. Vitality is a nice upgrade and our customers are receiving this change well. We expect this transition to occur through the remainder of the year and into next. Turning to our product -- to product categories, torics grew a solid 12% and multifocals grew 4% both in constant currency. We are the global leader in these areas of lenses with a highly diversified product offering including both silicone hydrogel and traditional hydrogel lenses within the daily, two-week, and monthly modalities. Looking at just silicone hydrogel lenses, these products are 18% in constant currency and now represent 66% of total CooperVision sales. These products are the drivers of our growth and we believe they are -- they have a bright and long future. Our product portfolio is the broadest in this space and I believe offers the best options. This includes being the only offering premium and mass-market daily silicone hydrogel lenses including spheres, torics, and multifocal lenses. Turning to the overall contact lens market, in calendar Q1, we took share growing two times the market or 10% against the market growth of 5%. Breaking it down geographically, we grew 8% in the Americas while the market grew 3%. We grew 10% in EMEA, while the market grew 7%. And we grew 16% in Asia-Pacific, with the market up 7%. On a modality basis, single-use lenses continued driving growth, with CooperVision up 17% and the market up 13%. For non-single use lenses, we grew 7%, with the market down 1%. For the trailing 12-month period, CooperVision grew 9% while the market grew 4%, so another strong year where we more than doubled the market. Going forward, we are still targeting 4% to 6% market growth driven by the continuing shift to improve technologies such as a wider suite of silicone hydrogel lenses, the continuing trade-up of daily and specialty lenses such as torics and multifocals, geographic expansion and the expansion of Avaira base particularly outside the United States. And given our strength in these areas, along with the broad private label offering, we continue to grow faster than the market. Moving to CooperSurgical, we reported second quarter revenues of $114 million, up 23% driven by organic growth and acquisitions. On a pro forma basis, we grew 3% with the fertility leading the way up 52% or 5% pro forma. Within fertility, we experienced some disruption this quarter from aggressively consolidating distributors associated with past acquisitions. Having said that, we started seeing some upside from recent sales and marketing activity, so getting this activity transferred in-house is the right move. Overall, within IVF, were continuing to execute on our growth strategy as a global leader in medical devices and genetic testing within the fertility space. Our fertility growth is driven by diversified portfolio of medical device products, capital equipment, and lab services, and we believe our portfolio is the broadest in this space. Our office and surgical products business grew 1% for the quarter, similar to our IVF business we expect growth in Q3 and Q4 to improve based on our momentum with new product rollouts led by EndoSee, our disposable hysteroscope and new business that we've recently won. Finally on CooperSurgical, we are making a lot of progress integrating acquisitions, including having completed a significant portion of our distributor consolidations. We broadly -- we probably have roughly another 12 months of integration activity in other parts of the business, but things are moving along well. Given this progress, we expect improve topline growth for CooperSurgical beginning in the third quarter. Overall, I remain very excited about the future of CooperSurgical and we believe we are on the right path. With that, I want to express our appreciation to our employees for all their hard work and dedication. They truly drive the success of our business. And now I will turn it over to Al.
Al White: Thank you, Bob, and good afternoon, everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to today's earnings release for a full reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. Bob covered revenues, so let me focus on the rest of the financials and guidance. For the quarter, consolidated gross margins were very strong at 66%, up from 63.2% last year. CooperVision's gross margins were 67.1%, up from 62.8% last year, driven by the weakening of the pound due to Brexit last summer, product mix shift gains led by Biofinity, and manufacturing efficiency improvements. Regarding the pound, remember our inventory turns every six months, so this was the first quarter we experience the full quarter impact of Brexit. On product mix the message remains the same. The shift to silicone hydrogel lenses especially Biofinity and now Avaira Vitality is having a positive impact on our overall gross margins. Lastly, our manufacturing efficiencies, we've been seeing improvements within our manufacturing environment for some time and this quarter really illustrated that. We have discussed this activity in prior quarters including the negative impact from items such as inefficiencies with idle equipment and inventory write-offs, which have been negatively impacting us roughly $0.10 per quarter above normal. This quarter showed a marked improvement with a negative impact of roughly $0.05, so this is a discussion topic we can now put behind us as we move back to normal operations. CooperSurgical's gross margins were 61.7%, down from 64.8% last year due to our genetic testing acquisitions, which carry lower gross margins. Having said that, weve now annualize those acquisitions and we've been integrating them within our business so we expect stable to improving gross margins on a year-over-year basis moving forward. Consolidated operating expenses grew 8.8% in the quarter, slightly above our reported revenue growth of 8%. This was driven by investments such as additional sales personnel, along with expenses layered in from acquisition. There's not much to highlight here, but its important to remind everyone we are continuing to invest in infrastructure in both of our businesses to support continued long-term growth. We have made nice progress on the sales and marketing side, along with some key hires in other support areas so we are in fairly good shape, but we will continue to invest as we see opportunities. Operating income growth was very strong up 18.9% driven by our gross margin improvements. Operating margins were 26.8% up from 24.3% last year. Moving to items below operating income, we reported $7.7 million of interest expense and our effective tax rate was 6.6%. Non-GAAP EPS was $2.50 with roughly 49.5 million average shares outstanding. Regarding shares outstanding, we repurchased 150,000 shares in the second quarter at an average price of roughly $190 -- $197 per share, which totaled $29.5 million. We believe share buybacks are an effective way to maximize long-term shareholder value and we will continue executing on them in an opportunistic manner. Moving to the balance sheet, total debt decreased $38 million in the quarter to approximately $1.39 billion. This pay down was primarily driven by operational cash flow generation offset by share buybacks. Moving to free cash flow, we had a strong quarter posting $103 million of free cash comprise of roughly $132 million of operating cash flow offset by $29 million of CapEx. Regarding guidance, we are raising fiscal 2017 consolidated revenue to $2.11 billion to $2.135 billion. This includes raising and tightening CooperVision's revenue guidance to $1.645 billion to $1.665 billion or roughly 7% to 8% constant currency growth, while lowering and tightening CooperSurgical's revenue to $465 million to $470 million, which equates to roughly 4.5% to 5.5% pro forma growth. For CooperVision we expect growth to be driven by a diverse portfolio of products led by Biofinity, Avaira, Clariti and MyDay. Regarding CooperSurgical a significant portion of the integration activity which negatively impacted revenues is behind us and we expect improved growth in the second half of the year. Operating margins are now expected to be around 25.5% for the year, supported by slightly stronger gross margins. Interest expenses to be slightly higher at around $31 million, which assumes an additional 25 basis point rate hike this month. And the full year effective tax rate is forecasted to be around 8%. This rate is lower than prior guidance primarily due to the new accounting for employee stock-based compensation which we adopted in Q1. Although, we forecast the positive impact to be much less in Q3 and Q4 due to the vesting schedules for the majority of our equity grants, the impact in the first half of the year is driving our full year tax rate lower by roughly 150 basis points. Regarding FX, we've seen an overall favorable move in currencies since we last reported earnings. We are now forecasting a roughly neutral impact to EPS for this year versus last quarter's full year forecast of a negative $0.16. Regarding revenues, we are forecasting a negative impact of roughly $46 million for the full year, down from last quarter's full year forecasted impact of a negative $61 million. Incorporating all this information, we are raising our non-GAAP EPS for fiscal 2017 to $9.50 to $9.65 assuming 49.4 million shares outstanding. One final comment for modeling purposes, we expect Q3 EPS to be slightly lower than Q4 due to lower sequential gross margin at CooperVision. This Q3 reduction is fairly common for CVI as inventory turns every six months and production levels in December and January decline due to our annual manufacturing shutdowns to upgrade and retool our plants, which results in a slightly higher average cost per unit due to lower overhead absorption. This should be somewhat offset by our Q3 effective tax rate, which is normally lower than in Q4. Lastly, we continue focusing on delivering consistent annual performance. We are forecasting over $400 million in free cash flow this year and north of $2 billion of cumulative free cash flow over the next five years, while targeting consistent improvement in operating margins to reach 28% or higher in 2021. And with that, I will hand it back to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson of Robert W. Baird. Your line is open.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Good afternoon, guys. Nice quarter. I was wondering if I could ask first on market, I guess, it will be a two-part question. One, Bob, just looking at the independent industry data, looks like the market has picked up a couple points here the last couple quarters, just any commentary you can make there on what you're seeing out there? And then also when we look at the Clariti and MyDay rebates that you guys offer, it looks like they did go up on May 1st by decent amount with a healthy market and as you guys continue to do well, what's the rationale there and then maybe how do we think about the impact that could have on the topline as those rebate dollars maybe impact here over the next couple quarters? Thanks.
Bob Weiss: Thank you, Jeff. The point on the market that 5% thats perhaps a little bit more normalized than we've had over the last couple years, its been a little uneven started way back in September 2015 when J&J kind of went off UPP and did a lot of things with their product line that led to some pipeline so as they ruled out the new OASYS one-day modality. So ever since then, it's been a little uneven. But on the trail trailing 12-month basis, 4% -- a solid 4% and clearly the most recent quarter at 5% with solid results in Asia and in Europe. As far as Clariti, you're right, there's been some pricing changes that have occurred in the industry and not only has there been changes, but there's been the -- for the most part post UPP era, ex-Energys, our one new product, a novel product and what you're seeing in the industry not only in Cooper is we're really working hard to get new fits, everyone is doing it. We believe Clariti is well-positioned by way of rebates to convince more and more people to go to the Energys changing from one product to the other. We are clearly winning the battle with Clariti on trading up from hydrogels to silicone hydrogels. We are winning the battle of new fits very well. We need to work a little harder on converting others in the mass-market and some of our competitors have created an environment that makes that opportunity more ripe right now and we are seizing the moment. Obviously, Clariti has done very nicely and MyDay has done very nicely, up 43% for the quarter. So we are putting up good numbers, but we want to do better yet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matthew O'Brien of Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Matthew O'Brien: Yeah. Thanks so much. Thanks for taking the question. Just on the gross margin side, Al, you mentioned three different buckets that impacted the CVI number in the quarter. Can you just breakdown a little bit where some of that improvement came from especially on the durability side, from manufacturing and mix? And then if I understand things right, I think, you are saying that the inventory impact  I think you had said, $0.30 for the year, is kind of behind you at this point, so that should be more of a tailwind on the bottomline for the full year, is that the right interpretation?
Al White: Yeah. So two pieces on that, the kind of $0.30 we were talking about which was $0.10 going down towards zero was, lets call it $0.10 going down to $0.05 and maybe it's $0.03 or $0.02 next quarter something like that going down to $0.01 or whatever and then kind of disappearing, so definitely made a nice step in the right direction here in that, that positive move kind of impact even in the Q2 gross margins. If you look at it, it's to some degree kind of half-and-half there, it's a little bit more than half is driven by the product mix and those efficiency improvements we are talking about and then a little bit less than half is coming from currency. When you look at this sustainability, it is there, I mean, there are some things that are moving around in terms of our production and so forth and currency as it flows through, the pound moves and so forth, but this was a pretty strong legitimate quarter and kind of shows what the business can do when it is sitting on mostly all cylinders.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch of BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Joanne Wuensch: Two questions, really, one is, at the end of last year you started more aggressively hiring and building at your sales force. Can you give us a little bit idea of where you are in terms of new sales people, but also what geographies they are going into? And this relates to my second question, which is your EME and your Asia-Pacific sales growth was really quite strong? Is there anything in particular that's helping you out there? Thank you.
Bob Weiss: So our hiring is global and its split in both divisions, so both Surgical and Vision. The emphasis in Vision is likewise global. So you are seeing expansions in the geographic areas. Importantly, we wanted a lot of attention in the U.S. market where we are immensely under index, and so we made good progress there. I won't cite exact numbers, but I will say that year-over-year, our sales force expansion feet on the street and in-house combination is up 16% in Vision, 15% overall. So balance between the two units and good solid growth, I think, you are seeing some of the results of that in pretty strong U.S. and Americas performance, basically were the driver of the market growth in the Americas right now. We are up 8% over the last 12 months. While the market is up 2% translated we are it. So I think the feet on the street, the product portfolio we have is working very nicely. Since we are doing it in Asia-Pac and in Europe, you are likewise seeing solid numbers there also.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Larry Biegelsen: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. One on revenue, one on margins, so, Al, I think the implied second half topline growth is 6% to 7%, correct me if I'm wrong. But the question is, why would revenue growth slow in the second half, I think, it was about 8% in the first half? And then on the margins, Al, two parts here, how much more room is left here on, currency, idle equipment mix? And the second part of the margin question is, I think, you did 27% this quarter. Your goal I think is 28% in fiscal 2021, I believe. So you are almost there. Do you -- are you -- when you are going to be in a position to update the new -- the long-term margin goals? Sorry for the long question.
Al White: Yeah. So a couple of comments, the 28% goal, we update those annually, so well update that when we finish the fiscal year. The only thing I would say to that is we did updated to some degree if you were -- will by being clear that it was 28% or higher. We are clearly on a trajectory to be north of 28% and feel comfortable with that but we do that once year. So we will do that again here in the couple quarters. On the margin upside question, we are going to have gross margins a little bit north of 64.5% this year, so on a consolidated basis pretty strong. We got -- we certainly have margin upside in CooperSurgical now that we reset to lift that higher. On a full year basis we are going to have margin upside in CooperVision also all else being equal, that will be driven by kind of the same thing, excluding currency, which will have some upside in currency as we move through this year. But assuming currency holds steady. The manufacturing efficiencies that we have in place, cost reduction programs, product mix shift, which is a positive with items like we talked about of Avaira to Avaira Vitality, the conversion from traditional daily hydrogel to Clariti, all those are kind of positive. So I wont put any specific numbers out there. But we do have margin upside here in the coming years from both businesses. When you look at revenue speaking, I think, you are speaking mainly of CooperVision, yeah, and we are kind of running in that 8% constant currency in the first half of the year, guiding to 7% to 8%, obviously, took the bottom of that way and pull the bottom end up up to 7% to 8%. We do have a challenging comp in Q4. You will remember from last year or so. I think we feel good about revenues. We are obviously put up a very strong Q1. We put up a strong Q2 against the tough comp. We feel good about the back half of the year, but its prudent to remain in that 7% to 8% range and not get more aggressive.
Bob Weiss: Larry, the only I would add to Als comments is when you think of the 28%, you're comparing it to the second quarter. Keep in mind that, historically we will have a lighter operating margin in the first quarter and that -- as a result of that year-to-date our operating margin is more like 24.8%, 25%. But having said that, Al is correct that there is a lot of tailwinds and we will refresh along the way.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Anthony Petrone of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Anthony Petrone: Thanks. Maybe a couple of product questions and then just a general share within contact lenses, in terms of Biofinity Energys and the Toric XR, I am just wondering is there any supply constraints that are still out there or are you completely meeting market demand at this point? And then for Avaira Vitality, I am just wondering, with the conversion tailwind for that product looks like? And then, Bob, just an update on shares with Cooper, J&J, Bausch & Lomb and Alcon that would be helpful? Thanks.
Bob Weiss: Yeah. The supply constraint, as far as Biofinity, which is growing solidly, the combination of Biofinity and Avaira is up 12% with Biofinity being at the higher end and Avaira as it goes through the conversion lower end of those numbers of that number. Energys is still early in the rollout around the world, so it just -- it made its entre into the U.S. initially and it's gone into Europe now, but has a ways to go in that conversion and rollout, its not so much may be production capability as it is the mechanics of rolling out a product around the world. As far as Biofinity Toric XR that is kind of a meet order. We do not stock that product. So while we have reasonable capacity to support the orders that come in, its -- both of those products are performing extremely well in the U.S. and we believe that's a good indicator of how that will translate around the world as we go deeper. As far as the conversion of Avaira to Vitality, its gone well I would say in the U.S. More than half the revenue now is coming in from Vitality, so it made some good progress and but still have the other half to go and thats the sphere, the sphere part is the easy part, torics are lot more complicated. So look for both of those to rollout as I indicated throughout this year and into next year and will be pretty much done as we get through next year with the conversion. As far as market share numbers, the J&J number included what they reported some of lens care that they picked up in the acquisition that they made of -- from Abbott. So factoring in their number was a little less than the aggregate that they reported. But the share gainers with the market growing 5% and Cooper growing 2x the market pretty much assume that Alcon is not gaining share and there is not a data those buy that. They don't talk about it at Novartis in terms of their frustration with Alcon overall. And so it's still a company that just recently is, I think, this morning the CEO indicated they are evaluating what they are going to do with Alcon in the middle of that. J&J is holding its own clearly with its numbers and then B&L continues to loss. So pretty much we are closing the gap on number two which is Alcon to have a little ways to go but we would hope over the next couple years we will catch up with them and pass them.
Anthony Petrone: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Larry Keusch of Raymond James. Your line is open.
Larry Keusch: Thanks. Good afternoon. Bob, I wanted to just touch on the multifocal and perhaps my numbers right, I think, you guys were up 6% constant currency in the first half. Can you give us some sense of sort of what you think that category is growing and sort of your results relative to market?
Bob Weiss: Yes. Sure. The category is growing nicely. There are a lot of new products coming in from all us as well as all our competitors and so that category has been growing basically double-digit, probably, about 12% to 14% worldwide over the last several years, turn down a little maybe the last quarter, but still close to double-digit. We put up lesser numbers, as you indicated, 6%, I think, the important thing to remember with us is, we had some pretty tough comps, if you are looking at the numbers we had a year ago. It was like 13%. So a solid prior year comp that we were hurdling if you will in this last quarter. Overall, the market is now 8% of the world market, so it continues to grow faster than the spherical market and almost -- and basically offers a small base its growing faster than the toric market, but still the toric market is three quarters of the specialty market. So toric market is about 22% of the share of the contact lens market, multifocal is about 8%, all up 30% in specialty lenses where were number one and we think we have the right product portfolio.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jon Block of Stifel. Your line is open.
Jon Block: Great. Thanks. Thanks, guys. Good afternoon. I have got two, I will ask both upfront, maybe just first, follow up on the reps and maybe you can talk about the investment this year. Is that take you to where you want to be, Bob. In other word, can you give us a little bit more color on the return you are seeing or does the high in spend continue into fiscal 18? And then, Al, just sort of two part on the gross margin, CVI was of our expectations, am I correct in thinking the stepped up level is sustainable in two region and sort of on the other side for CSI, I thought previously the trough was thought to be fiscal 2Q, but is it correct now start thinking that trough is fiscal 3Q? Thanks, guys.
Bob Weiss: So, on the return the rep, other than to say that, we are still early in the game given how many people we have hired, but so far so good. We are so index -- under index against our two largest competitors that we will keep -- we will continue to hire what makes sense in the right area. So its geographic specific and we are monitoring it and we are at the point now where a lot of these reps start becoming quite productive. But feet on the street in coverage where we were not covering a lot of accounts, obviously the feet on the street gives us the horsepower to get into more and more locations where our competitors show up and we don't and there is quite a few of those. So we're not done yet. I would say we will continue to grow our sales and marketing faster than our revenue at least for the balance of this year and we will see about next year.
Al White: Yeah. On the margins that coming on both, I mean, our CooperVision gross margins, they are sustainable subject to our normal variability if you will by quarter. So as I mentioned in Q3, we have the plant shutdowns whats drives up our cost per unit back in the kind of December, January. You see that in the third quarter. So it wouldnt surprise me to see CooperVisions gross margin as an example come back toward 65% in Q3. Q4 again should be a pretty good quarter, the pounds move back a little bit back up towards $1.30 that starts to flow through our P&L. We also -- we are probably 66% or something like that in Q4, wouldn't surprise me. But the core basis there of sustainability through the mix shift and manufacturing efficiencies is indeed there. There was nothing to highlight out of this quarter saying, hey, this was unique at one time that that was not the case is very strong gross margin quarter. If we look at CooperSurgical the trough is here and was here, I should say, in Q2. So we accelerated some integration activity there. We pull forward some distributor consolidation and so forth into this quarter. We got more aggressive on that based on some of the stuff we are seeing out there, some positive momentum that we are seeing. So I think what you will get now is, yeah, we took a hit in Q2 for CooperSurgical. That's okay. It was done for integration related reasons and for long-term strategy. You'll see the gross margin come back in Q3. You'll see the sales -- the pro forma revenue growth come back in Q3 and that will continue going forward now. So that was more one-time in nature if you will have accelerated integration activity.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matthew Mishan of KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Matthew Mishan: Hey. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking the questions. I got two for you. The first is on the difference between sort of the -- your fiscal year, which would be February through April where you did 4% growth in the Americas for CVI? And then the COI data which said you had did 8% for the calendar year, which would be January through March and I'm just curious did things dramatically tail off, did you start off the year like very strong in January and then see it tail off through April? And then, I guess, what are the trends so far like past that in May?
Al White: Yeah. The -- it is not unusual. We get into this kind of a discussion a lot to have 300 basis points or 400 basis points swing when you add a month and delete a month for whatever reason, having to do with either the prior year or the current year. So I think thats the one reason we always shy a little from making much of an assessment on it and look at trailing 12 months when it comes to particularly the CLI data as a good indicator or a good secondary indicator. So, I don't think I read anything into the comparison which I understand what you do in the fiscal and the calendar quarters. As far as, how May did. May is built into our guidance and beyond that we won't get into the specifics of May other than it left us if you will bullish about where we are headed for the year as indicated by the step up in guidance.
Matthew Mishan: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Hanover of JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Andrew Hanover: Thanks for taking my question. Al, I just want to start off with you real quick, just piecing the onion back a little bit on the lower tax rate. It looks like it was a $0.10 difference versus where the street was expecting the 10% and the guidance you gave, so is that all just stock-based comp? And then, my second question is in terms of any color you can provide on consumer purchasing power trends and how this might compare to foot traffic through the ECP offices or retail chain? Thank you.
Al White: Yeah. I will take that tax one first and let Bob answer the second one. Yeah, for the second quarter about 200 basis points was the stock op, so excluding that we would have been about 8.5% versus 6.5%. And if we look at the full year Q3 usually a little bit lighter kind of always is a little bit lighter for couple different reasons and then Q4 moves back up, I would expect that to be somewhere again this year. But as you know from other companies that stock-based comp has been a nice positive for us.
Bob Weiss: And can you repeat your other question?
Andrew Hanover:
Kim Duncan: Operator can we get Andrew Hanover back?
Operator: Mr. Hanover, if you could queue back up please. Your line is open sir.
Andrew Hanover: Can you all hear me?
Bob Weiss: Yes.
Andrew Hanover: Okay. Bob I just wanted to understand a little bit of just consumer purchasing power trends versus foot traffic and what you all are seeing?
Bob Weiss: Okay. Yeah. The consumer purchasing trend is yet remained solid. Of course the biggest driver in the marketplace continues to be the trading up, in other words taking the existing consumer base and moving it from the two-week modality into the primarily the one-day modality, but to lesser extent into the monthly modality. But consumer purchasing is -- has been reasonably -- its fine if you will.
Operator: All right. Our next question comes from Steve Willoughby of Cleveland Research. Your question please.
Steve Willoughby: Hi. Good evening, guys. Two things for you, first, Al, just wondering you guys bought back some stock this quarter, just want to make sure or clarify what assumed in your guidance as relates to future share repurchases and what is your appetite given the strong free cash flow here for future share repurchases still this year? And then, secondly, Bob, maybe just wondering, if you could comment on your thoughts regarding the importance of distributors in the industry as it relates to independent ODs and what given independent ODs are such a strong market for you guys?
Al White: Yeah. Stock buybacks there is nothing included right now in terms of our guidance. I guess I won't comment on what we will do and when we will do or how much we will do. But as you know we are believers in stock buybacks to return value to long-term shareholders, so we will continue to evaluate, certainly its an opportunity and especially as you just highlighted we have some strong free cash flow coming in front of us.
Bob Weiss: So, from the point of view of distributors and their role in the equation, the independent distributors, there obviously has been debate by some over the years on their role and how much one would pay for that role that debate continues, some competitors taking more aggressive stance than others. Clearly there is a service they render, they render service by virtue the fact that most eye care, independent eye care professionals are ordering from all manufacturers and in so doing rather than having all these packages arrive every day from all these manufacturers there is a lot of opportunity to consolidate and there's an efficiency factor that the independent spring bring to the equation. And that debate is existed forever and I'm sure will continue to be debated forevermore by all the various interested parties.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Steven Lichtman of Oppenheimer. Your question please.
Steven Lichtman: Thank you. Hi guys. Bob two questions, first, just want to follow-up on your comment earlier on pricing changes in the industry post UPP, what are the types of changes that you're seeing? And then secondly in Surgical after being active last year less so this year, which certainly make sense, given integration needs, should we look you guys to be acquisitive again in Surgical ahead with most of the integration activity behind you guys? Thanks.
Bob Weiss: Hey. First of all, first on the UPP or post-UPP era for the most part, there were some price changes made by some of our -- by the industry, not only some of our competitors, but price changes made in the post-UPP era. There also was more activity if you will in rebates, so when you look at the price increases, obviously, yes, they were and they were fairly robust by the standards of norm what normally has been the case in the last 15year, 20 years in the industry. They -- anytime there was price changes that obviously create some opportunity by various players, including yours truly. So we have been reactionary in some areas to what's going on in the industry. We happen to be have the only product that remains under UPP which is Energys, which is a novel product and we think so the purpose of UPP is well served by our product like that, a new products where there's a lot of cheer time and you are trying to incentivize a doctor to make a switch on the customer that maybe -- customer with current product they have. But overall the pricing in the industry is favorable and rebates are favorable and rebates are very much geared to the world to try like it. I want to incentivize you for new fit. I want to incentivize you to move someone from product A to product B and then from there you follow onto what hopefully is an annuity stream with less aggressive rebates for the new fit. Relative to surgical, it made seven or eight acquisitions over the last year and a half or close to two years now. Will we make any more? We obviously generate a lot of cash. We obviously are interested in continued geographic reach and tuck-in and we will do -- where deals make sense we will continue to do them.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Weiss for any closing remarks. Sir?
Bob Weiss: Well, I want to thank everyone for joining us today. We are aware its near the school -- the end of the school year, so people have some priorities frequently this time a year dealing with graduating students, getting kids out of class, so we appreciate that everyone took time. Hopefully you are pleased with the results as we are and are outlook and we look forward to updating you again in the end of August, I guess, August 31st is our next quarterly call and we look forward to it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, sir. And thank you ladies and gentlemen for your participation. That does concludes your program. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-03-02 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Kim Duncan - Vice President, Investor Relations Bob Weiss - Chief Executive Officer Al White - Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer
Analysts: John Hsu - Raymond James Jeff Johnson - Robert Baird Matthew OBrien - Piper Jaffray Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets Jon Block - Stifel Andrew Hanover - JPMorgan Anthony Petrone - Jefferies Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Steven Lichtman - Oppenheimer
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to The Cooper Companies, Inc. Q1 2017 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays conference, Ms. Kim Duncan, Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon and welcome to The Cooper Companies first quarter 2017 earnings conference call. During todays call, we will discuss the results included in the earnings release and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on todays call are Bob Weiss, Chief Executive Officer and Al White, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market or regulatory conditions and integration of any acquisitions or their failure to achieve anticipated benefits. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that maybe incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward-Looking Statements in todays earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including Coopers Form 10-K, all of which are available on our website at cooperco.com. Should you have any additional questions following the call, please call our Investor line at 925-460-3663 or e-mail ir@cooperco.com. And with that, I will turn the call over to Bob for his opening remarks.
Bob Weiss: Thank you, Kim and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to first quarter 2017 conference call. We are off to a good start this year with both CooperVision and CooperSurgical posting solid results. On a consolidated basis, we reported $499 million in revenue and non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.93. CooperVision posted strong results in all key areas resulting in 7% as reported and 9% constant currency revenue growth. Our daily silicone hydrogel lenses grew 49%, with Biofinity and Avaira products combined growing 15% both in constant currency. CooperSurgical posted revenue growth of 29% or 3% pro forma. Fertility was the high spot with growth of 83% or 9% pro forma. Moving into the details, CooperVision posted Q1 revenues of $389 million, up 9% in constant currency. The Americas grew 7%, Europe grew 7%, and Asia-Pacific posted a very strong growth of 16%, all-in constant currency. Throughout the world, our growth continues to be driven by our market leading portfolio of products, including Biofinity in the monthly space, Avaira in the 2-week space and diversified product set in the daily space. Regarding Biofinity, we continue posting strong growth, supported by our ongoing expansion of the product family, including Biofinity Energys and Biofinity Toric XR. Both of these new products are early in their lifecycles, but are being received incredibly well and are now available in the Americas and more recently in Europe. In addition to growing Biofinity through product expansion, we are also seeing diversified geographic growth, including double-digit growth in all regions this quarter. Within the 2-week space, our transition of Avaira to Avaira Vitality from Avaira continues to move forward successfully. Our customers are receiving this upgraded 2-week offering positively and we will continue making this transition as we move through the year. Regarding daily lenses, our broad offering of silicone hydrogel lenses continues driving growth with our Clariti portfolio of spheres, torics and multifocals leading the way. MyDay is also doing very well, posting strong growth throughout the world and MyDay Toric is now being rolled out in Europe, following the successful launch in Japan. Turning to product categories. Torics grew a solid 14% and multifocals grew 7%, both in constant currency. We have a highly diversified product offering within these categories, including both silicone hydrogel and traditional hydrogel lenses within the daily, 2-week and monthly modalities. We are the global leader in these specialty lenses and expect to continue delivering growth for many years. Looking at just silicone hydrogel lenses, these products grew 20% in constant currency and now represent 63% of total CooperVision revenues. Its no surprise that our strong performance is being driven by our silicone hydrogel portfolio. We also have the broadest portfolio and I believe the best options available in the market. This includes being the only company offering premium in the mass-market, silicone hydrogel lenses, including spheres, torics and multifocal lenses. Now, turning to the overall contact lens market. We took share in calendar Q4 following  growing 10% with the market up 6%. Geographically, we grew 12% in the Americas, while the market grew 5%. We grew in line with the market in EMEA or Europe, up 5% and in Asia-Pacific, which grew 10% with the market up 8%. On a modality basis, single-use lenses continued driving growth, with CooperVision up 15% and the market up 13%. For non-single use lenses, we grew 7%, with the market flat. For the full calendar 2016, CooperVision grew 9%, while the market grew 4%, so another strong year where we more than doubled the market. Going forward, we are still targeting 4% to 6% growth driven by the continuing shift to improve technology, such as a wider suite of silicone hydrogel lenses, the continuing shift to dailies, geographic expansion and the expansion of the wearer base. We continue growing faster than the market. We expect to continue to grow faster than the market. Moving to CooperSurgical, we reported Q1 revenues of $110 million, up 29% driven by organic growth and acquisitions. On a pro forma basis, we grew 3% with fertility, leading the way up 83% or 9% pro forma. I am also happy to say this is the first quarter fertility has posted revenue greater than the office and surgical products business. Our initiative to become the global leader in fertility, again, back in 2012 with our acquisition of Origio and has continued through organic growth and strategic acquisitions. Our fertility growth is now driven by diversified portfolio of medical device products, capital equipment and lab services and we believe our market leading portfolio is the broadest in the space. Our office and surgical products business was softer than we would have liked declining 2% due to tough comps tied to the expiration of our OEM contract in last years first quarter. If we exclude the OEM contract, growth within the office and surgical would have been 1% and total for surgical growth would have been 5%. We expect the office and surgical part of the business to bounce back in Q2 to a more normal low to mid single-digit growth rate. Finally, on CooperSurgical, the teams continue making a lot of progress integrating acquisitions. This includes integrating Wallace, which was acquired in early Q1. Integrating multiple acquisitions is always challenging, especially while running your existing operations. So, I would like to thank the CooperSurgical team for their extra hours and hard work. I remain very excited about the future of this business. Lastly, let me update you on our initiatives around expanding our sales and marketing activities within both CooperVision and CooperSurgical. We made a lot of progress this quarter, and I am happy with where we stand. We are continuing to hire sales reps around the world, while also investing in marketing programs to help drive performance this year and into next. I believe we are in a great position with both businesses and its prudent to continue investing to drive long-term growth. With that, I want to express my appreciation to our employees for all their hard work and dedication. They truly drive the success of our business. And now, I will turn it over to Al.
Al White: Thank you, Bob and good afternoon everyone. As a reminder, most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis and a full reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP results is included in todays earnings release. Its worth noting that our non-GAAP adjustments are quite a bit smaller this quarter as our Sauflon integration is behind us. Bob covered revenues, so let me walk through the rest of the financials and provide some color on our results. For the quarter, gross margins were 62.9% on a consolidated basis, up from 61.4% last year. CooperVisions gross margins were 63.1%, up from 60.9% last year, driven by product mix, led by Biofinity. CooperSurgicals gross margins were 62.2%, down from 63.6% last year due to a couple of acquisitions, which have lower gross margins. We expect this year-over-year gross margin pressure at CooperSurgical to continue in Q2, at which point we will annualize the acquisitions. One other point on gross margins, which we mentioned out on December call, is that we are still forecasting elevated idle equipment and inventory charges this year. There is no change to our estimate of around $0.30 for the full year with these costs declining as we move through the year. I do believe we will see some of these costs roll into next year, but we are clearly making progress utilizing more equipment and transitioning products. Operating expenses grew 13.1% in the quarter, driven by additional costs from acquisitions. We also continued investing in infrastructure throughout both businesses to support continued growth. Included in these investments is our focus on sales and marketing. And as we discussed in our December call, we are expecting heightened expenses this year in both CooperVision and CooperSurgical as we move through the year. Regardless, operating income grew 14.6%, resulting in operating margins of 22.8%, up from 22.1% last year. Moving to items below operating income, we reported $7.3 million of interest expense. We also posted an FX loss of $3 million due to some large currency moves, which resulted in losses tied to revaluing our offshore inter-company loans. Our effective tax rate was 7.9%, which was lower than our initial guidance of 10%, largely due to two discrete items, one positive and one negative. These were the adoption of a new accounting standard related to stock based compensation, which was a positive, offset by a new valuation allowance, which was a negative. Non-GAAP EPS was $1.93, with roughly 49.4 million average shares outstanding. Moving to the balance sheet, total debt increased $91 million in the quarter to approximately $1.43 billion. This was driven by our $168 million acquisition of Wallace that closed in the first week of November. We also recorded a $4.1 million balance sheet adjustment to our fiscal 2016 year end retained earnings to reflect an increase in the rebate accrual accumulated primarily on activity prior to fiscal 2014. This adjustment did not have any impact on this years numbers. Moving to free cash flow, we had a strong start to the year with $80 million of free cash in Q1, comprised of roughly $109 million of operating cash flow, offset by $29 million of CapEx. Regarding guidance for fiscal 2017, revenue guidance remains the same with consolidated revenues at $2.09 billion to $2.13 billion. This is comprised of $1.62 billion to $1.65 billion at CooperVision, which equates to roughly 6% to 8% constant currency growth and $470 million to $480 million at CooperSurgical, which equates to roughly 6% to 8% pro forma growth. The remainder of the P&L is expected to be similar to our prior discussions, although there are two negatives that we need to hurdle. The first is we are now forecasting interest expense to be $2 million higher at around $30 million due to assuming a 25 basis point rate hike at this months Fed meeting. The second is we have updated FX rates and the impact is now a negative $0.16 for the year or $0.06 worse than when we provided initial guidance in December. This detrimental move has basically happened over the last few days as the odds of a March rate hike have increased. For the primary currencies, we are using euro at 1.05, yen at 1.15 and pound at 1.22. These two items combined for a $0.10 negative impact to EPS. Having said that, we are raising our non-GAAP EPS for fiscal 2017 on the low end by $0.10 to incorporate our Q1 performance and improved confidence around the remainder of the year. The new range is now $9.10 to $9.30 based on 49.4 million shares outstanding. Note that the FX move also negatively impacted our revenue forecast by an additional $4 million, increasing the full year negative impact to $61 million, but we are guiding to hurdle that. Lastly, we continue focusing on delivering consistent annual performance. This includes expecting over $400 million in free cash flow this year, which supports our objective of delivering over $2 billion of cumulative free cash flow over the next 5 years, while also targeting operating margins of 28% in 2021. And with that, I will hand it back to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Lawrence Keusch from Raymond James. Your line is open.
John Hsu: Hi, good afternoon. This is John Hsu in for Larry, how are you?
Bob Weiss: Excellent.
John Hsu: Just one quick question, one quick financial and then one strategic question for you guys, on the financial side, the OM was  the operating margin came in very strong, higher than what we are looking for, SG&A came in a bit lighter, so can you just talk about the investment spend, is it on plan, can you talk about that $10 million, is it kind of ratable through the year. And then the strategic question is, you guys can maybe do really well on the specialty side, of course but there are some recent competitive launches in that space, so I guess at a high level, could you talk about how you think about the competitive landscape in torics and multifocals? Thank you.
Bob Weiss: Sure. The first item on the sales and marketing, probably the best way to visualize that as well as the timing is we essentially have expanded already as of the end of January our sales force, both in surgical and vision combined, 10% compared to where it was six months ago. So a lot of that investment and a lot of the hiring is already taking place. And obviously, whats gone on in the last six months continue to run through the P&L on a go-forward basis and we will continue to expand upon that going forward. But pretty much, most of what it would take to get to the $10 million run rate is in place. On the second point, as far as  yes, we are number one in the area of specialty lenses, torics and multifocal lenses. You have seen that we put up some pretty good numbers in our  and clearly, in that venue with our torics business being up 14%. And keep in mind, torics is the lions share. When you think about the market, its about 27%, 28% specialty lenses, and for us, its much higher than that, 42%. And we are sustaining good growth with toric. Our product, Biofinity XR toric, is pretty knowledge  novel. A lot of competitors will not go there and address the, if you will, the fringes of the bell-shaped curve. They do the easier to set torics, but not the custom. So we do have proprietary, if you will, advantage. In addition, obviously our strategy in the 1-day market with Clariti being the only one with a toric, a sphere and a multifocal puts us at an advantage in the 1-day space. And particularly puts us at advantage being the only silicone hydrogel in the mass market of the 1-day space. So we think we have enough going for us. The market will continue to perform well worldwide, with a lot more maturity in the U.S. and a lot less outside the U.S. We will continue to have solid growth in specialty lenses in many of the locations regionally throughout the rest of the world beyond the U.S. So we are looking for a good market going forward and we think we have a broad enough portfolio to hold our own and continue to actually gain.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jeff Johnson from Robert Baird. Your line is open.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Good evening guys. Bob, I dont know if I heard single-use or daily silicone growth rate, or 2-week, monthly silicone growth rates, maybe I just missed them, but if you can provide those. And then, just on Biofinity Energys, I am assuming the 2-week, monthly silicone numbers look good this quarter, maybe you can talk about some of the tailwinds that product is providing, I know you mentioned it in your prepared remarks, but I would be interested in knowing how thats helping or if its helping gross margins yet, I know you are leaving a little bit more of that profit at the doctor level, but I would assume its helping your gross margins as well, so if you could give us any color there, that would be great?
Bob Weiss: Yes. We put a 15% growth in silicone hydrogel lenses for Biofinity and Avaira in the 2-week and the monthly product. Assume they are both doing ballpark that area, so solid performance for both Avaira in the 2-week space. Keeping in mind there, most of our energy is in a trade out, if you will into Vitality and as opposed to going after new areas, so thats pretty impressive there. And then with Biofinity off of a very large base, its our franchise product, if you will, within CooperVision within the company. We are very early in the game with Energys just starting to pickup momentum in different places. We are very early in the game with Biofinity XR Toric, so look for those to help continue that momentum and it will take us a very long time to roll them out around the world. Meaning its well beyond 2017, even 2018 when it comes to some of those venues. We are, in fact, still rolling out Biofinity and its first stage in some parts of the world as we look to some of the South America and Asian theaters as well. So, a long way to go on that. Gross margins, we are not really leaving a lot of gross margin on the table in terms of  the market is strong from a pricing point of view and a lot of the margins will continue to improve as we convert Avaira into Vitality and as we convert  as we continue to expand in Energys, likewise to say, trade-up strategy. So, there are some considerable tailwinds in our cost of goods gross margin area.
Al White: One quick add, Jeff, I think you asked what the daily silicone hydrogel lens growth was, that was 49% in the quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Matthew OBrien from Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Matthew OBrien: Good afternoon. Thanks so much for taking the question. Just to talk a little bit more about the investment, Bob. You have said you are 10% bigger over the last 6 months than you had been. There is a lot of dislocation or disruption, I guess around the contact lens industry right now, from UPP to some of your competitors internally. So I am wondering if the timeframe for you to take share to see a return on those investments potentially could be shorter than what you are accustomed to or what you are even modeling at this point?
Bob Weiss: Yes. Our expectation is that it takes about 12 months to get the average rep into the area where they are productive and we expect a very high return on our investments there, well north of, on average, 1-year payback, much higher than that quite frankly. So, its a profitable investment as long as you have the supply sources and the products and we strongly believe we do. So, we look for that as we will continue to grow our sales and marketing, equal or at least as fast as the top line over the next 1 to 2 years. But normally, you would expect leverage out of that line and so the increment is above the normal leverage that we would expect is that $10 million when we think about it.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Larry Biegelsen: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I have two questions. I am going to ask the first one and if possible, let me get the second one in. Can you talk about Bob the growth of your private label business and how it compares to the growth in your branded business? And I had one follow-up, but its a long one, so I dont want to ask both at the same time.
Bob Weiss: Okay. Well, private label is ballpark around 30% of our business. And I would say, historically, Cooper has got some phases where its gone down a little, gone up a little above that 30%ish. It is obviously keeping up with the growth of our branded products and  which are also performing well. So, when we look at our composite growth, think of it as leveraging both sides of the business, the private label as well as the branded. Private label has  there clearly are a lot of opportunities that exist and will continue to exist that we will explore. And I would say private label is a much bigger factor outside the U.S. than it is inside the U.S. So, there is room flipping that around. There is clearly room to make more headway in the U.S. in terms of inroads into deeper areas of private label with some more exchange. So, we are pretty excited about private label strategy.
Larry Biegelsen: Thats helpful, Bob. So CooperVision did 9% in the first quarter, and the fiscal 2017 guidance of 6% to 8% implies a significant deceleration in Q2 to Q4 to about 6.5%. And I assume its because the comps in Q2 and Q4 especially are tough. But my question is, on the Q4 call, you explicitly said you wouldnt be happy growing 6% to 7% in Q2 to Q4. So my question is has anything changed that would make growing above 6% to 7% difficult? And if not, why didnt you guys raise the CVI guidance? Thanks for taking the long question.
Bob Weiss: Yes. So yes, we grew 6% in constant currency. And of course, in our overall guidance, Al mentioned the $4 million of headwind, which is foreign exchange related. In terms of our range, 6% to 8% for the full year, its correct. We said we had slightly  we had some easier comps in Q1 than the next three quarters, so that still leaves us in the venue where we think that the 6% to 8% overall is the right range for us.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Joanne Wuensch: Good evening. Can you hear me okay?
Bob Weiss: I can.
Joanne Wuensch: Wonderful. Two questions. The first one you have been fairly acquisitive in the CSR area as it relates to M&A. How do we think about that on a sort of a go-forward basis? Is there a shift in your thinking for any particular reason or the same as you have done historically? And then my second question has to do with some of your competitors. Novartis, Alcon seems to be struggling a little bit, not really sure whats going on at Bausch, would love your view. And then Johnson & Johnson talked about stocking in the last quarter, wondering if you are seeing any of that also? Thank you.
Bob Weiss: I will let Al take the first one on the acquisitions of Surgical.
Al White: Sure. Yes. So obviously, we wont comment on any M&A activity that we are looking at, but having said that, we have been very active. We are incredibly active right now integrating the acquisitions that we have done and heavily focused on that. So we will continue to look at acquisitions if they make sense. They need to be the same as what they have been in the past, which is strategic acquisitions that offer us a good return. If we can find those kind of opportunities, we will capitalize on them. And if we cant, thats also okay. We will execute on the acquisitions we have done and integrate them and drive synergies.
Bob Weiss: As far as competition within CooperVision, you are correct that Alcon is struggling a little, although they did put up 7% growth number for the quarter. There is obviously the disruption of are they going to be spun-off, sold or kept. And Novartis reiterated their assessment that they are still open, they still have not made up their mind on what to do about Alcon and how that compares to them being a pharma business, if you will. So, we obviously like the uncertainty that that presents. We also like the fact that with few exceptions, Alcon is at the more mature end of a growth curve with some of their major products both in the monthly as well as in the 1-day space. TOTAL1 has the target on its back within  clearly, within the premium silicone hydrogel space. Everyone is shooting at them. And Cooper is shooting at them and MOIST in the mass market 1-day space. B&L put up some numbers. They highlight the growth products. They do not put it all together other than to say that their overall business grew 2% of lens care and lenses, so nothing to write home about there. They obviously are caught off in the cloud of what is that Valeant going to do to basically pay down some of its $30 billion of debt. And obviously in the marketplace, we think that their products are basically behind the curve, both as to the fact that they do not have a 1-day silicone hydrogel in that market and they still do not have and they have been at it for I dont know for how many years now, a complete portfolio with ultra, meaning a toric and a multifocal, so very slow to roll out in that venue. And quite frankly, most of what they have done their spend, trading from PureVision into ultra anyway. J&J just completed the acquisition of AMO. And obviously, they will be going through an integration within the Vistakon for eye care piece. They did mention on their call, they put up very robust numbers, but they did indicate that, I think 3% of their growth was tight buy and sell on shelf that had to do with the price increase they had effective early January and so they were selling into a pretty broad based price increase that pulled forward some of their purchases. And thats what they were referring to. I would not take that across the rest of the industry. I think that was mainly unique to their strategy and their view that you can  there was room to increase pricing in the marketplace.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jon Block from Stifel. Your line is open.
Jon Block: Great. Thanks guys. Good afternoon. I will try to ask both upfront, unfortunately they are both sort of long, but first, just from a geographic standpoint, the small felt of short share gains for CVIs in EMEA, well, it looks like its almost in line with the market for the trailing 12 months versus sort of multiple of market for CVI in Americas and APAC, so Bob, can you just talk to the competitive dynamics in Europe versus Americas and APAC and why they are more muted, why is it a more muted European share gains, is that just a function of clariti being in Europe, first. And then the second one, Al, maybe this is more for you, I know you guys are getting the gross margin benefit from Avaira to Vitality in terms of when someone makes that switch, but are you guys seeing that in fiscal 17 or is it sort of awash in 17 and it takes hold more in 18 and beyond? Thanks guys.
Bob Weiss: So on EMEA yes, sure, your point is valid that our 1-day silicone hydrogel, clariti and MyDay got there first and we put up some good, solid numbers over the year. EMEA has been growing over the last 3 years at almost 2x the market. And importantly, when it comes to our performance in Europe, we are just on the heels of Alcon relative to one and two. So we have the highest market share of our three geographic locations in Europe, as contrast to Asia-Pac where we have the lowest market share of our three regions, yet we have a very full product portfolio. So we would expect, prospectively, to continue to grow faster in Asia-Pac than we would in EMEA. Having said that, we still think we have a lot of legs in terms of growth within EMEA in terms of gaining market share in that market. So we would look for, if you will, better than just holding our own this last quarter.
Al White: Yes. Thanks. So with respect to the Avaira Vitality shift Jon, your kind of basis is right there that, thats a very positive move for us. But I can tell you that in fiscal 17, we are not expecting to see any real gross margin expansion on that. If anything, its possible its little negative here early. But the transition from one product to the other product, especially a transition thats pretty unique, this was pretty unique in terms of its size versus anything else we have done, creates a lot of inefficiencies. So we will likely not see any real gross margin improvement from that product this year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Hanover from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Andrew Hanover: Thanks for taking the question. I just had a couple and I will rattle them off. But you already talked about J&J, but I just wanted to delve in this a little bit more, it sounds when doing channel checks, the foot traffic in ECP offices were up pretty high in December and January, you obviously had the pull forward of J&J orders before they had some price increases, you delivered 9% in constant currency growth, but you also had an easier comp, so how do I think about the foot traffic in ECP offices, potential forward orders of J&J versus easier comps than what you all delivered and should we expect the second quarter for some of that to be a little bit easier for you. On the margin side, for gross margins, I just was thinking about you delivered 63.1% in CVI, which is up 220 bps year-over-year and I just want to understand how to think about the $0.30 of idle equipment still weighing on that segment, because you exited 2016 at 64.8%, which is a pretty nice up-tick, so if you dont mind, just those two questions? Thanks.
Bob Weiss: Yes. As far as the J&J performance and Coopers performance and our easier comps, if you will in Q1, I would assume that its good for our point, we are obviously guiding 6% to 8%. And the easier comps, as much as anything, had to do with some of the disruption we had a year ago and that rolled into prior year comps from Asia-Pac where we  I am sorry, from Europe where we had done the integration of distribution centers in the fourth quarter of 2015 and that rolled into 2016, creating some adjustments, if you will and some performance issues with European customers, so some of it there. I think we have put up good numbers in the first quarter, so most of that is a reflection of our performance in the market in total, with the market growing 6%, us growing 9%. So the market was a little bit more robust. We are assuming that that momentum continues as far as the product rollouts, be it Energys, be it Vitality conversion. And so I think the Vitality conversion is more. As Al pointed out, somewhat disruptive as you go through the conversion process from a gross margin point of view. And from energy [ph] perspective, we are spending more time converting than we are looking for new business right now with the Vitality product. So we have got some work to do there that will give us some momentum. We also  I commented on the investment we are making in the sales force. So my belief is feet on the street are going to translate to a better shot at good top line growth and I think we have that going for us also. And that momentum builds. We now have some of the people that we hired in the fourth quarter last year that will start becoming productive as we move throughout the third quarter and into the fourth quarter and things of that nature.
Al White: Yes. With respect to the idle equipment, you are right, CooperVision has pretty strong gross margins right now and that does offer us upside. That $0.30 of idle equipment charge has decent impact on gross margins. So when we look at that, its not necessarily going to be linear, but that $0.30 should be declining as we move through this year. And moving to next year, we will probably still have some. You have idle equipment associated mostly with daily as well. The strength that we are seeing in daily is obviously is good news as we are turning lines on. And then some of the heightened inventory activity is associated with things like Avaira and so forth, so that should also decline if that transition happens. So net-net, all that kind of being good news should indicate that CooperVisions gross margins are going to strengthen as we move through the year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Anthony Petrone from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Anthony Petrone: Thanks and good evening. So just a quick housekeeping question, what was baked in for FX last quarter and just how does that compare to this quarter. And then two quick product questions would be just an update on MyDay in Japan. And then maybe just higher level in monthlies, it seems that the enhanced Biofinity portfolio is doing quite well and actually gaining share by our numbers, so maybe just an update broadly on how Biofinity sits within monthlies and then specifically, anything on ACUVUE VITA over the past quarter, any update there will be helpful? Thanks.
Al White: Sure. I will cover the FX one here quickly. So in our initial guidance in December, it was a $57 million negative impact to revenues on a year-over-year basis and a $0.10 unfavorable impact to EPS. Now on the updated rate that we just used today, its a $61 million negative impact to revenues, so $4 million worse and its a $0.16 negative impact to EPS or $0.06 worse.
Bob Weiss: As far as Japan and MyDay, we are very pleased with the progress we are making with MyDay in Japan and are ramping up and getting the MyDay toric into that market now and we will be broadening that toric, MyDay toric rollout in other regions around the world, Europe being next stop. As far as VITA and ultra and Air Optix, which are in the monthly space, obviously we are putting up great numbers. You can look at the fact that the market for 2-week and monthly is flat and we put up 7% growth for the quarter. And the market, ex dailies, for the trailing 12 months is down 1% and we put up 6% growth, which, obviously, the lions share of that is driven by our monthly performance with Biofinity. So Biofinity is stellar and as I mentioned in a earlier question that both Avaira and Biofinity are growing ballpark about the same in constant currency, so both in around that 15% mark. So there is nothing and thats quite an accomplishment for Vitality when the energy is really going into that to swap out more than it is a trade up at this juncture. So I think both are doing strong in a market that we are the driver of the market, if you will. If you strip us out, the rest of the market is losing  is declining ex Cooper, if you will.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Willoughby from Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Steve Willoughby: Good evening guys. Two questions for you. First, Al, on your tax rate, 7.9% this quarter and you said that you benefited from the new stock comp accounting change, I am just wondering what you are assuming for the full year tax rate now where I believe you were previously expecting 10%. And then secondly Bob, just one final question on the industry growth, in calendar 4Q, correct me if I am wrong, but J&J I think grew 10% and Alcon grew 7% and you grew 9%, so how did the industry only show 6% growth in calendar 4Q, do you think? Thank you so much.
Al White: Yes. For the tax one, you are right. So we were guiding to 10%. We came in at 7.9% in Q1. So when you factor that in Steve, its most likely to be a little bit under 10% for the full year. The rest of year at this point in time, we kind of contemplate being similar to what we had expected, so a little bit less than 10% now for the full year.
Bob Weiss: As far as the industry growth Steve, good question. Yes, J&J put up 10% and Alcon 7% and us 9%. And obviously, B&L was a lot less than that, but its not big enough to move the needle that much. I think we had this discussion last quarter when we talked about there was a little skewing between market data and publicly reported data. And I think this is kind of  its part of the  the flip side of that where all of a sudden, you have strong public reported numbers. And I believe the same thing is true that the skewing that we talked about that occurred before was the fact that there was a huge pipeline sell of when OASYS 1-day hit the market in the third quarter and the fourth calendar quarter in 2015. And now, you are seeing the flip side of that. That pipeline sell would then minimize in the publicly reported number by the difference between gross to net, particularly at J&J and thats speculative, but I do think are reasonable. So now, you have the flip side where there is less rebating and gross to net differential that is involved. And all of a sudden, the public reported numbers are coming out stronger than was the case a year ago. So that gross to net more impacted more the fourth quarter of public reported data a year ago and this year, a lot less. And therefore, the public reported numbers look a lot better this year, particularly at J&J.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Lichtman from Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Steven Lichtman: Thank you. Hi guys. Two questions, first on the sales and marketing investments Bob, you mentioned investments in both Vision and Surgical, should we assume the majority is in Vision or is it more balanced in the two? And generally, are the marketing investments  how do they differ from the type of programs you may have had in the past? And then secondly wondering if you talk a little bit about the MyDay performance in particular within the broader MyDay Clariti growth? How are you seeing the uptick with MyDay and how its competing against the other more premium silicone hydrogels? Thanks.
Bob Weiss: Alright. So, the sales and marketing investment is pretty intense in both Vision and Surgical. Surgical obviously is putting together a kind of a whole new business model with a lot of energy on the sales and marketing effort of this new combining. So, you have an integration going on, but you also have some products being sold with the sales force for the first time. It used to be some of those companies we bought were word-of-mouth in a cottage industry of IVF. So, we are investing on both sides of the equation, if you will both segments. Relative to the type of marketing dollars, Cooper is spending its marketing dollars broad-based. We have some new novel products to talk about like Energys, so there is some more unique marketing tools that are going on there. We continue to be very active in terms of our alignment with the eye care professional in terms of making them more efficient. So whether its a lens area or whatever it is called, a number of programs that help the eye care professional become more and more proactive in terms of dealing with their individual customers. So we are out to make them better business people. And we invest money in that domain. In Surgical on the other hand, as I mentioned, there its transitioning from what may have been a word-of-mouth industry in PGS and PGD, which is preempt implementation diagnostics and screening to really talking about it and doing the push/pull, not only with the IVF centers, but also with the OB/GYN. So, there is stories to be told, once again, trying to enhance the industry called IVF, if you will. MyDay, the MyDay growth versus the Clariti growth, basically, MyDay off of a smaller  much smaller base is growing faster as a percent, but off of a smaller base. It is in the process of rolling out the toric and they were at  we are in first inning of that rollout with a lot of innings to go yet. Even with MyDay, we are probably only in the second or third inning, so a lot further to go. Clariti is probably more in the fourth inning than the first or second innings, but it likewise has a lot of countries to access. And quite frankly, now that we have gone through the transition of the enhanced edge, we will be more and more aggressive in terms of going after not converting one Clariti to another, but going after new fits in our competitive products, so the mass-market. So look for the combination of our sales force, feet on the street, the marketing programs and having a good  plenty of capacity to put behind the product to make us more aggressive in the mass-market space.
Operator: Thank you. And I am showing no further questions from our phone lines. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Bob Weiss for any closing remarks.
Bob Weiss: Well, I want to thank everyone for joining us. We think we had a lot of good things to talk about this quarter and we are pleased with the progress we are making for the fiscal year 2017 off to a good start and bullish about the outcomes of the year. And we look forward to updating you on our next conference call, which I believe is June 1 and we will be updating you at that point in time. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-12-09 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Kim Duncan - VP, IR Bob Weiss - CEO Albert White - CFO & CSO
Analysts: Jon Block - Stifel Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Matt Mishan - KeyBanc Matthew O'Brien - Piper Jaffray Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Lawrence Keusch - Raymond James Brian Weinstein - William Blair Steven Lichtman - Oppenheimer
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Cooper Companies Incorporated Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Ms. Kim Duncan, Vice President. Ma'am, you may begin.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon, and welcome to The Cooper Companies fourth quarter and full year 2016 earnings conference call. I'm Kim Duncan, Vice President of Investor Relations; and giving prepared remarks on today's call are Bob Weiss, Chief Executive Officer; and Al White, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market or regulatory conditions and integration of any acquisitions or their failure to achieve anticipated benefits. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward-Looking Statements in today's earnings release and are described in our SEC filings including the Business Section of Cooper's Annual Report on Form 10-K. These are publicly available and on request from the company's Investor Relations department. Before I turn the call over to Bob, let me comment on the agenda for the call. Bob will begin by providing highlights on the quarter, followed by Al, who will then discuss the fourth quarter and full year financial results. We will keep the formal presentation to roughly 30 minutes, and then open the call for questions. We expect the call to last approximately one hour. We request that anyone asking questions please limit yourself to one question. Should you have any additional questions, please call our investor line at 925-460-3663 or email ir@cooperco.com. This call is being webcast and a copy of the earnings release is available through the Investor Relations section of The Cooper Companies website. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Bob for his opening remarks.
Bob Weiss: Thank you, Kim, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the fourth quarter and full year 2016 conference call. Let me start by saying, I'm very proud of our accomplishments this quarter including record revenue in free cash flow. We also delivered a very strong fiscal year gaining share and the $7.2 billion contact lens industry continuing our portion to the one day silicone hydrogel space expanding Biofinity franchise and posting strong growth in our CooperSurgical business. We entered -- we enter fiscal 2017 with strong momentum and remain confident. We will gain -- we will see market share gains in both of our business for the foreseeable future. Let me highlight three key points for the quarter. First, I'm pleased to report another strong quarter with revenues over $500 million. This includes provisional reporting revenues over $400 million in CooperSurgical, reporting revenues over $100 million. This resulted in non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.28 and free cash flow of $158 million. Second CooperVision posted strong results in all key areas of its business resulting in 10% as reported and 11% constant currency revenue growth. This includes one day silicone hydrogel lenses growing 53% and two week and monthly silicone hydrogel lenses growing a combined 14%, both in constant currency. Third, CooperSurgical had another strong quarter posting revenue growth of 20% or 6% pro forma. Fertility was the highlight posting growth of 74% or 8% pro forma. Moving into details; CooperVision reported fourth quarter revenues of $412 million, up 10% as reported and 11% in constant currency. This is the fastest CooperVision has grown in 11 quarters. The Americas grew 8% in constant currency with strength in multiple categories including Biofinity and 1-day silicone hydrogel lenses. Biofinity continues to be our work horse and we began our launch of Biofinity Energys in mid-August to strong reviews. Our enhanced Clariti lens is also performing well and MyDay had another very strong quarter. EMEA posted a very strong quarter up 12% in constant currency. Growth was driven by Biofinity and our 1-day silicone hydrogel franchise. Asia-Pacific also had a very strong quarter, up 13% in constant currency. Growth was strong throughout the region driven by Biofinity and our 1-day silicone hydrogel franchise. Within Japan, our MyDay, Sphere, and Toric launch is progressing well, and while it's still early, we continue to believe MyDay can be a very successful premium offering in that market. Turning to product categories, Toric's grew healthy 14% and multi-focal's 10%, both in constant currency. We remain global leader in specialty lenses and our success with Biofinity and Clariti and both of these categories should continue to drive growth for many years to come. Looking at silicone hydrogel lenses, these products grew 21% in constant currency and now represents 62% of our sales. We expect this strong growth to continue given our product portfolio which includes Biofinity, Vitality, our new launched two-week product, and our diverse 1-day offering. And remember, the biggest driver in the contact lens market is the 1-day growth and we strongly believe we have the best product offering in the space as the only company selling premium in mass market silicone hydrogel lenses including a portfolio of Sphere, Toric and multi-focal lens. We also investing in sales and marketing to support our strong product portfolio forecasting new hires, that was challenging, especially when it's -- when you're evaluating opportunities around the world. But we believe CooperVision can add numerous sales reps and get a very nice return given our strong product platform or capacity in our growth opportunities that we see. We believe this initiative henceforth -- we begin this initiative in our fourth quarter and expect to continue through fiscal 2017, and possibly into 2008. For competitive reasons, I won't get into many details but suffice to say, we carefully evaluate all hiring and expect to realize a solid return from this activity. Now let me comment on our overall contact lens market, and remember, this information is on the last page of our earnings release. For calendar Q3 2016, we continued taking share and growing 6% with the market up 1%. Geographically, CooperVision grew 3% in the Americas while the market was down 3%. In the EMEA we were up 8% and the market was up 7% percent. In Asia Pacific, we grew 9% with the market up 3%. On a modality basis, single use lenses continue driving growth with CooperVision up 12% and the market up 8%. For non-single use lenses we grew 3% while the market declined 4%. As you can see, our growth remains diverse and strong. On a trailing 12-month basis, CooperVision grew 8% percent while the market grew 3%. Although the market remains choppy and hard to read at times, we continue to believe it will strengthen and grow 4% to 6% over the next five years driven by continuing shift to daily geographic expansion and an expansion of the where base. We expect continue to continue taking market share led by our strong portfolio of market-leading product. Moving to CooperSurgical we reported fourth quarter revenues use of $107 million, up 30% year-over-year driven by organic growth and acquisitions. On a pro forma basis, we grew 6%. Fertility led the way, up 74% or 8% percent pro forma. Within Fertility, we had growth throughout the business and continue to believe our market leading product portfolio which includes medical devices, genetic testing, and capital equipment is the broadest portfolio in the space and should continue to drive growth for more many years to come. Within our office and surgical category, growth was 5%. We're continuing to execute on several product launches including our disposable hipster scope [ph] endlessly, and we continue to the see success in this area. Regarding other activity, we announced on November 6 that we acquired a wallet portfolio from Smiths Medical for approximately $168 million. This is a great strategic fit and with our existing global IVF portfolio as it brings the gold standard of embryo transfer catheters along with several other premier products. Finally, CooperSurgical -- on CooperSurgical, we're busy integrating recent acquisitions but also executing on several initiatives which has significantly strengthened the business. These include transitioning to a global sales model, adding sales rep in under penetrated areas, launching products into new markets and increasing our focus on high growth areas such as IBF genetic tests. We have made a lot of progress in these areas over the past year, I expect to continue, eat or to even have more progress as we go forward. Now before I turn it over to Al, let me comment on a couple of other items. We another -- another strong year of revenue growth in 2017 including CooperVision growing 6% to 8% in constant currency and CooperSurgical growing 6% to 8% pro forma. We also remained bullish on our future and our updating our long-term objectives for operating margin of 28% and free cash flow generation of over $2 billion by 2021. In conclusion, I want to express my appreciation to our employees for all their hard work and dedication. And now I'll turn it over now to Al to cover the financial results.
Albert White: Thank you, Bob, and good afternoon everyone. Bob did an excellent job covering revenues so I'll focus on the rest of our Q4 financial performance along with guidance. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis and a whole reconciliation between our GAAP and non-GAAP results is included in today's earnings release. For the quarter gross margins were slightly over 64% with both, CooperVision and CooperSurgical up year-over-year. CooperVision improved roughly 50 basis points to 64.8% driven by factors such as currency and product mix while CooperSurgical grew roughly 30 basis points to 62.5% driven by cost reduction efforts. Operating expenses grew 11.7% in the quarter driven heavily by CooperSurgical's acquisition related activity. Within operating expenses sales and marketing grew 14% as both CooperVision and CooperSurgical executed on sales and marketing expansion plans to capitalize on strong product portfolios. Outside of sales and marketing, we drove leverage through general cost controls. Operating margins were 25.1%, up nicely from 24% last year driven by gross margin improvement and operating expense leverage. Moving to interest expense, we reported $5.3 million which was lower than our guidance as we had a true-up of roughly $1.5 million. This true-up was associated with an over allocation of commitment fees in Q2 and Q3 related to the refinancing of our credit facilities completed in Q2 of this year. What should have happened is Q2 interest expense should have been lower by $600,000 and Q3 should have been lower by $900,000. Our effective tax rate was 10.3% and the resulting non-GAAP EPS was $2.28 with roughly $49.3 million average shares outstanding. Total debt decreased this quarter by $110 million to roughly $1.33 billion driven by strong free cash flow of $158 million comprised of $193 million of operating cash flow and $35 million of CapEx. Regarding full year fiscal 2016 results, consolidated revenues were $1.967 billion, up 9.4% or 7.3% pro forma. CooperVision revenues were at $1.577 billion, up 6% or 7.5% in constant currency; and CooperSurgical's revenues were $390 million, up 26% or 6.3% pro forma. Non-GAAP EPS was $8.44, up 13%. Lastly, free cash flow was $357 million, so all in, a very strong year. Moving to fiscal 2017 guidance; let me start by commenting on currency which has moved significantly against this over the past month or so. For 2017, were estimating a negative year-over-year currency impact of revenues of approximately $57 million, and negative $0.10 to EPS. Incorporating this into our outlook, we expect fiscal 2017 consolidated revenues of $2.09 billion to $2.13 billion. This is comprised of $1.62 billion to $1.65 billion at CooperVision but equates to roughly 6% to 8% constant currency growth and $470 million to $480 million at CooperSurgical which equates to roughly 6% to 8% pro forma growth. We expect gross margins to improve to around 64.5% and operating margin to improve to 25%. Interest expense is expected to be around $28 million which includes the additional debt from the Wallace acquisition along with an assumption of 125 basis point rate increase. The effective tax rate is expected to be around 10%, this may be higher than many of you were expecting but it's based on our current forecast which include fewer discrete items and is thus more of a true run rate of our current operations. Non-GAAP EPS for fiscal 2017 is expected to be in the range of $9 to $9.30 based on 49.4 million outstanding. To provide color on this, the higher year-over-year tax rate will negatively impact earnings by roughly $0.20 and FX will negatively impact earnings by $0.10. We also anticipate continuing to invest in sales and marketing above and beyond our normal levels and this will likely be in excess of $10 million or $0.20 cents in fiscal 2017. Having said that we do have several positive such as accretion from our CSI acquisitions, plus ideal equipment and inventory charges, savings from manufacturing improvements and the royalty roll-up and these will help drive earnings growth. Regarding Q1 we anticipated revenues of $494 million to $508 million. This is comprised of $383 million to $393 million at CooperVision or roughly 7% to 10% constant currency growth; and $111 million to $115 million at CooperSurgical which equates to roughly 3% to 7% pro forma growth. For Q1 non-GAAP EPS we expected $1.78 to a $1.88 and note this assumes a 10% tax rate as compared to last year 3.9%. And with that, I'll hand it back to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Jon Block of Stifel. Your line is now open.
Jon Block: Okay, great. Thanks guys, and good afternoon. And maybe the first question, we're still working through some numbers, didn't really surprise us all too much on the fiscal '17 guide. You went through a lot of numbers, so lows on 1Q, is that just a function of -- you do have the pound benefit for fiscal '17 but again, it really takes effect come January. So you only have that for a slight stub [ph] of 1Q that could be causing an approximately to $0.20 discount -- sorry, $0.20 disconnect where you guided 1Q versus Q3, that's a specific number. And then Bob, maybe just to take a step back, just some market commentary; be down 3% U.S. is very surprising, we get your number up 3% per year release. J&J I think was up 5% in change U.S. So how could two-thirds of the market be up a weighted 5% and we see negative 3% in the market data? Thanks.
Albert White: Yes, I'll answer the first one and then I'll let Bob get into the market data. Yes, I agree with you. I mean when you look at the pound move, most of that starts for us in January, so we get it for one month in the first quarter. So when you look at the incremental sales and marketing investments, and you look at the higher tax rate which is somewhere around $0.13 for Q1 combined with only getting the pound benefit really the month of January, I think that's probably where -- that probably comprises certainly the vast majority of the delta.
Bob Weiss: Yes, as far as the market, I think we've all scratched our head a little about kind of the results being reported by us and the -- and the various market players compared to some of the data we see and industry data. And probably the best way to think about it is that a year ago the Americans showed 11% growth and the entire market showed 8% growth worldwide, driven very heavily by the Americas. This year that kind of flipped to a negative of 3% for the Americas, and only 1% for worldwide. So you really have to look at five quarters or you know, better yet even, two rolling years because of what happened a year ago was -- all the activities by J&J as they rolled out new products, there were things going on with UPP, so channel sales -- so you end up with probably a D-link between the way data comes into CLI and the public company -- there is variances there too an including some of the activity associated with that. So when I think of the market, I kind of say, all right, just put the two together, last year's 11%, this year's negative 3%, that's 8% divide by two it, it looks more like 4% to me and in the interim, we had a fourth quarter 4%, a second quarter 4% and then a flat first quarter last year. So last year, my way of thinking last year ripples into the first quarter so that 11% third quarter showed up has a neutral first quarter. Long and short of it is it's probably that's a look at it as five the average of five quarters if you're going to make much sense out of. 
Operator: Thank you, and our next question comes the line of Larry Biegelsen of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Larry Biegelsen: Hey, guy, thanks for taking the questions. Hey Bob, I am sure to get out after this call, so I may as well ask about it, just any thoughts on corporate tax reform and how Cooper's view on this and how you think it could impact you guys. And then one other question just on the quarter itself the 11% obviously quite a strong, was there anything one time in the quarter, selling days, stocking etc. you know help to this quarter, thanks for taking the questions guys. 
Bob Weiss: Well, I will do the second one first, which is the there's nothing unusual about the 11% we're obviously rolling out there are some new products. We had a slightly easier cop from year ago, particularly relative to the Europe Theater was going through consolidation last year with the soft one but by and large solid -- solid quarter as far as tax reform. Well, tax reform common sense talk about or ever. And I give you two theories on our you know, I just walk in on one thing that's being thrown around out here, is a 35% going to 15% sites to say that would not be bad for most anyone. It will serve as a neutralizer two degree on however it shakes out the rest of the world, there too many different debates going on out there. There is the fact that any meaningful change would require voters are 60% of that Senate to go along with it and that could be are tough for only come what a lot of compromise, so I think it would be way premature to know if it is a net plus or net minus but most people wouldn't complain about a huge reduction in the corporate tax rate. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes the line of Matt Mishan of KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Matt Mishan: Hey, good after noon, thank you for taking questions. Could you go a little bit further into the investment you guys are making in SG&A and really around the cadence and even break out what the differences between the gross SG&A from the investment and but growth in SG&A from the acquisitions that you're making, so we can get a better sense for, you know, how to model this?
Bob Weiss: So the investment we're making in SG&A is Alpha marketing. We're leveraging the rest of the infrastructure. And in the area sales and marketing that is both on the vision side, heavily feet on the street we're under index compared to our competitors and as I indicated I'm not to start quoting numbers of that, in terms of number of salesforce we're adding. So I would say we are also are rolling out many new products, some of the more conceptually new like manages. So there will be a fair amount of energy also supporting those new products. In putting the two together, we will while we're giving you guidance at 6% to 8% topline growth for both surgical and vision. We will be say growing off our sales and marketing at a rate faster. Primarily in the area of both feet on the street and to a lesser extent, the marketing support beyond that. Beyond that we're not -- like I said we're not going to really get into how under index we are compared to our competitors and I would say it's many cases there will be not across the board, if you have a vacancy or you're under index in a geographic area, and I've always used an example of a city like Las Vegas, and said you know if you didn't have a sales person in Las Vegas it's a pretty big town, maybe I'd have a salesperson there if you have a lot of products to talk about. So in some cases is adding junior people to support senior people, and other places that will be having feet on the street where you're currently making telephone calls, and kind of piggybacking on that. 
Albert White: Then one quick comment on that, when you look at that breakdown between vision and surgical probably easiest way to think about it from a sales and marketing perspective as a sales and marketing each business is going to grow somewhat similar to what the revenues are. And they're as reported revenue, so if you look at that and CooperSurgical patients obviously it's quite higher percentage growth basis in Vision due to the acquisitions.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from line of Matthew O'Brien of Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
Matthew O'Brien: Good afternoon, thanks for taking the question. Just -- on the daily side, the performance in the quarter was slight acceleration of what we saw last quarter. Can you talk a little bit about where that came from -- be it MyDay, be it Clariti, you know, maybe MyDay in Japan. And then on top of that, just -- the two-year stack on the non-daily side, it appears to have decelerated, can you just talk a little bit about what's going on there, you've seen some severe impact. Thank you.
Bob Weiss: Yes, the -- on the daily side, there was some acceleration having said that, we cannot target it for basically some approaching 50% for the year, slight acceleration from the prior year, just the way we thought about it coming into this year. So it's kind of moving along those lines in the way it's moving -- it's obviously the more mature market is EMEA where these products started out both MyDay and Clariti. The least mature is Japan, and the Americas; so we're very early in this cycle in those two areas and rapidly expanding the offering even in Europe. So it's geographically across all -- all feeders and very much, we've now kind of did the redo of the -- first Clariti, that was out there and that's performing real well; so we're now expanding our attention into more than our own accounts. Initially we had to take care of our accounts that we had given the first generation if you will, products too. So a long way to go and we're very early in the cycle and obviously moving off of a larger base as we go forward. As far as the deceleration in the planned replacement area, the non 1-day; really that market if I -- if we look at it from a 2.5-year, 3-year perspective is in around breakeven with the growth all being driven by the 1-day, that's -- and pretty consistent over the last four years and we don't see that changing, actually it's been consistent a lot -- driver longer than four years but more so outside the U.S. and more recently inside the U.S. So don't see any changes there. There is activity in the planned replacement market, things like Biofinity obviously are still putting up terrific numbers, so there is room to grow and particularly, as we think about the geographic expansion, some of what goes in into China and into some of those theaters, maybe a little less weighted initially in the 1-day morality although that you can't make that statement about every country. So a lot of opportunities, even in the planned replacement arena and we're obviously continuing to grow that while the market may be not growing it if you will.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch of BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Joanne Wuensch: Hi, good evening. Can you hear me OK?
Bob Weiss: I can hear you fine.
Joanne Wuensch: Wonderful. Two questions; the first one, is the new SG&A rate for 2017 -- should we think of that as the go-forward rate or do we think of that as a period of investment and then it should ease off? And then the second question, just talk about the tax issue, we're getting questions from investors regarding buying plan and what it means? You may or may not mean for Cooper, which manufacturer is it a fair bet outside of the United States generates, it's fair but if its revenue outside the United States? And I was curious if you have looked into that yet? Thank you.
Albert White: SG&A, is it short-term or long-term, the sales and marketing; we plan on continuing to invest throughout 2017 and as I indicated in my commentary, to the extent it will open the 2018 where we're getting the top line growth we want. We will continue that modality. What the driver there is, if you have a lot of products to talk about and you have the capacity, then you should try selling the products and leverage the capacity. We know we have excess capacity and why not use it. So to the extent we're getting our payback which will include diminishing the ideal charges that we're incurring on cost of goods as a byproduct, we're going to do it and we obviously have an agenda of gaining market share and we've certainly done a good job with that last seven years and if I look at it over the last 12 months, it's been greater than 2% that we've grow in the market. We can't make much out of this quarter's numbers because we grew six on the market one, and I grew one, I'm not going to say we're growing six times the market obviously we are growing up in and around that 2X. Relative to the rest of operating costs, distribution, G&A, and even to a lesser extent R&D, we expect to get leverage out of those around the world. So it isn't to so that operating cost in total will keep going up as a percentage of revenue. As far as the Ryan plan, I'm not going to get too detailed into it because there are too many soft spots and too many assumptions you would have to make but I guess, I'd point one thing out which I think is very important. When we look at people think we're very oriented towards outside the U.S., the way we think. But the fact of the matter is our head count around the world is pretty balanced, U.S. and the rest of the world both after have to -- and asked to headcount. And that is after you count Porto Rico where will we make a billion lenses in Puerto Rico. That is the position of the United States and its part of U.S. So when we kind of think about this, every day that we're hearing about -- we -- the U.S. against the rest of the world, we the U.S. 5% compared to 95%. Of those outside the U.S. it as imbalanced in Cooper's model as some may think it is. Long answer to short of it is, I'm not -- I'm not going to overreact to any series that gets thrown around out there, and I'll react to legislation -- there hasn't and meaningful legislation since I think 1986. There has been a few things along the way that have come and gone but it would be very premature to over analyze it.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby of Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Steve Willoughby: Hi, good afternoon and thanks for taking my questions. I guess first, Al, if we look back a month ago, as it relates to FX, what would you be thinking in terms of the impact from FX to the total company for 2017 at that point versus the $0.10 headwinds you're expecting now?
Albert White: Yes, well Steve, tough to say it right because it depends what day you choose, when Trump was elected, so to speak, I mean that's when currency rates really started moving. So if you go back to that date or prior to that day, you know, we -- we at one point in time would have been $0.30, $0.40 positive, we went ahead and win their bat [ph], we probably ended up with them -- I don't know what the exact number are but it that wouldn't surprise me -- $0.50 cent swing from what it was to what it is today, maybe even a little bit more than that.
Steve Willoughby: Okay. And then just a follow-up, you know, with the roughly 50% of 1-day silicone hydrogel growth this year, do you have any expectations for what that looks like next year?
Bob Weiss: Well, as I indicated, it's off of a larger base, so I wouldn't expect the 50% to be sustainable but I think in terms of whole dollars, that certainly should be some we would expect. We have so much opportunity and we have the capacity that all I'll say is, we'll put up solid numbers throughout 2017. But I'm not going to say it's any one -- any one particularly in percentage, let's put it that way.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Larry Keusch of Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Lawrence Keusch: Thanks. Good afternoon guys, couple of questions here. Just -- Al, I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit about the FX assumptions that you are using for 2017 on the major currencies?
Albert White: Sure. It's pretty much today's rates, I mean they are obviously bouncing around a lot but you hear about 1.06 -- again at 1.14 pound at 1.26, and -- I mean that's kind of similar to where they are today right, and then other currencies around the world would be pretty similar to that.
Lawrence Keusch: Okay, perfect. And then, two other ones quickly here. I know you mentioned the outlook for free cash flow generation in totality through 2021 but how are you thinking about free cash flow generation this year? And may be rapid to that CapEx? And then I guess the last thing is to struggling a little bit with the first quarter and out wide so well, I understand the tax rate -- obviously, there is a tough comparison but can you talk a little bit about perhaps a gating for the past spending of this incremental for sales and marketing and is it weighted towards the first quarter or is it sort of more readable through the year?
Albert White: Yes, I'll hit cash and I'll let Bob go through it on the marketing side. For this year, we're probably going to be $400 million, should be north of $400 million of free cash, currencies certain as little bit right now but it should be somewhere in that $400 million range. CapEx, we'll see how that plays out, it looks like it's going to be somewhere around $150 million for the year. So if you work out those numbers, $400 million and $150 million, that's probably not a bad way to look at this year at this point in time.
Bob Weiss: Yes, and I think as far as the gating of the investment spend, and is it a drag on the first quarter, yet, it is a drag -- partly because of the fact that our first quarter is always the lightest on revenue basis -- from a revenue point of view which has always been the case and we started -- a lot of our investment started ramping in the fourth quarter or so, it's rolling into the first quarter; obviously it's part of the infrastructure already and we'll be somewhat of a drag. Some of our investments, if you will, that started in the first -- in the fourth quarter and worked its way through that first quarter will start yielding if you will as the year progresses and we start expecting a return from some of that towards the back half of the year.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Andrew [ph] of JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks for taking the question. Al I just wanted to go back just through '17 guidance and just -- you know, it looks like it's extremely conservative, at least from what I can tell right this second. I think is the first time you've -- you've embedded an interest rate increase in the numbers and 100 -- you know, it's a 125 bips, so I was just wondering, you know, is that around -- is that impacting around $0.18? And then, you know, I'm just trying to get a better feel for FX, SG&A and the higher tax rate -- and what's driving the higher tax rate for the year?
Albert White: Yes, a couple of comments. I mean if you look at their debt levels, $1.3 billion, acquired Wallace, obviously -- so a $100 million, another $150 million plus on that and it's pretty straightforward to do the math on the increase. We assume 1-Day 25 basis point rate increase happening with the fed moving here in the month of December, so we're kind of fully bacon [ph] that in for the year if you will. We could -- we're probably a little conservative on it, interest expense where we're at based on the amount of cash flow we're generating so forth and where we'll come out on that pricing grid but we'll see how that plays out. When you look at the tax rate itself, we've been running on a -- on a look-through basis if you will, somewhere around that 10%, we had a number of discrete items that have come through, we've had acquisition related activity and so forth that it allowed some write-offs and so forth that have pushed the tax rate down. Could it come in lower than 10%? It could, but I would tell you right now based on what we have today, we're looking at somewhere around that 10% with Q1, Q2, Q4, probably be somewhat similar and as usual Q3 be a little bit lighter, but not as dramatic as what you see in prior years where you would see a quarter that was 3% or 4% quarter as an example.
Bob Weiss: So I think one way of looking at that is our fourth quarter effective tax rate is 10.3%, that is excluding any discrete items. So that's kind of what the business runs, ex-discrete items we've had year after year but do not anticipate going forward.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson of Robert Baird. Your line is now open.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you, good afternoon guys. Bob I wanted to start with you just on the sales force, so if I think about your sales force, I think it's about half to maybe 55% the size of your two larger competitors and your market share is kind of in that -- in that same range and so on the face of it seems like your sales force isn't overly undersized I guess. And then I think about your private label business, it's somewhere around 25% or 30% of revenue and I'd assume that's a lower touch business, so just wanted to understand why is the big focus on salesforce additions at this point? And what's really driving that? And then maybe, Al for you a follow-up question, you know, I think I agree your EPS guidance looks maybe like there is some levers of conservatism in there but 6% to 8% CBI growth in a fairly choppy market and maybe in a med-tech market, that's a little uncertain right now, it doesn't feel overly conservative to me, so maybe if you can address your thoughts on the 6% to 8% CBI growth for us '17 that would be helpful as well. Thanks.
Bob Weiss: Yes, Jeff on the size of our sales force compared to our competitors, I think if we can compare our 23% market share to Alcon's which is just dead above our -- it's suffice to say that the size their sales force compared to ours is nowhere comparable, and J&J if we're going to do allocations against market share there with their 40% market share or there in or about to our 23%, that would barely line-up. I think more importantly is -- it really is about -- if you have the products and we have the product portfolio and you have the capacity, something we have not had in the past, at least relative to clarity, my day and to a lesser extent even Biofinity, so if you have your -- the capacity you want, why wouldn't you test the water and see how good your products are? Why wouldn't you go after your competitor's accounts more aggressively? And we can't do it if we're under index on feet-on-the-street. So it's -- it's one thing if you are trying to growing methodically and you're confined with how much you can grow, it's another thing if you don't have those limitations which I'll call capacity.
Albert White: Yes, and I'll comment a little bit on that growth rate as such. I mean if you look at CooperVision last year, they grew 7.5% in constant currency, 11% in Q4. So obviously a lot of momentum there. You look at the Q1 guidance, it's 7% to 10% and expecting that momentum to continue, and Jeff, I think where you're going with this to your point is if you look at 6% to 8% percent for the year and you know that Q1 and you would be talking about implied guidance if you will, so Q2 to Q4 for CooperVision in the upper sixes which would decelerating in the face of some decent investment. So I think that's a very fair question. I would tell you -- I think that giving a 6% to 8% range in today's world is prudent and a good way to look at the business but I don't think anybody would be very happy, let me put it you that way, if we were growing in the 6% to 7% range.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the Anthony [ph] of Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Maybe just one question on the sales investments and then one just on the competitive landscape to follow-up there. Just in terms of feet-on-the-street, I'm just wondering how much of the investment is focused on optometrists, that channel as opposed to other retail channels. And I guess the core of that is that we're under the impression that it's still the majority of sales for Cooper comes from optometrists. So just wondering if you're doubling down in that channel or expanding in other retail channels and then in terms of the competitive landscape that would just be great to get an update -- sort of where Alcon sits at this point, it looks like they are still in a position of giving up some share and similarly, Bausch and Lomb and J&J. Thanks.
Bob Weiss: Sure. You know our focus in terms of feet-on-the-street and whether it's independent ODs or ODs that are at the retail level is the OD wherever they are, and a lot of our super is very open as part of its strategy being -- could be branded, Biofinity or it could be private-label. So we're indifferent to what it's called but what we have learned in the past just because you send a bunch of your product whether it's private label or branded to a large retailer, if you don't work it, it's not going to work itself. You have to go to VOD whether they are under all of the retailer or not. So that has contrasted to maybe an online or some other mechanisms, we don't waste our time with that, if you don't write the prescription, you don't have our attention, and that will continue. Relative to the competitive landscape, yes, our competitors continue to be in various stages of disarray, Alcon, we know what that CEO and Chairman of Novartis basically said, they are restructuring that organization, there is disruption there, they have a tired product-line, BNL likewise is in a very disruptive environment, not to say the least, and, you know, J&J has done a pretty good job of marketing one product, Oasis, by any other name is Oasis. So it's all over, 1-day, 1-week, 2-week, 1-month called VITA [ph]. So of the three competitors, I would say J&J kind of has in fact together better than the other two but having said that they are obviously presenting some opportunities in their approach. Are they in UPP one day and then there are out of UPP the next day. UPP wholesale across all of their products and then they cased the entire thing come up with a different plan. So we we've been a pretty steady state in the way we're approaching the market. We have the product portfolio and we kind of feel good about our competitors.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Brian Weinstein of William Blair. Your line is now open.
Brian Weinstein: Thanks for taking the question. First one on margins, how you guys have targeted to improvement in MyDay by the end of the year and talked about clarity, getting north of corporate margins? Can you just comment kind of where the margins are on those products? And them Bob, for you, you had talked previously about 50% of the $10 billion market to be in the 1-day modality of that about somewhere between 20% and 77% to be in silicone hydrogel. In fact, maybe with middle of that made sense. With more experience now, how these products are rolling out, do you have more confidence that over the next few years that you're going to be churning more above that 50% of the market towards at 77%? Where do you think that that could be now by 2020? Thanks.
Bob Weiss: Yes, I think we're rapidly approaching the 50% mark for 1-days and within 1-day silicone hydrogel is continuing to make solid progress growing 20%-ish in that market. And therefore it's now -- I think over 20% of the -- close to 25% of the 1-day market. So I do believe the 1-days will be more than 50% of the -- let's say that target $10 billion down the road, 2021, and who knows foreign exchange keeps coming a long kind of putting a dent in some of that so assuming the dollar stabilizes, you know that -- we're directionally headed towards that $10 billion. 1-day will be greater than 50% and there is no doubt that silicone hydrogel 1-day will be much greater than 20% of that 1-day market. And will it be similar to the planned replacement where it's close to 80% -- 79%, 80% or a lot less. I think there are some reasons that it won't -- well, beyond the 50% barrier short-term because there is so much activity in the non-silicone hydrogel mass market space that that will be somewhat barrier. To answer your question about our cost coming down, MyDay is making good progress. We believe it's in the 30s now and we would expect that by 2018 sometime it will be homing in on that 50% target for 1-day gross margin, and Clariti because of its model approach to manufacturing and cost, will not be a drag and it's not a drag today on our gross margins. So the mix you see, it's holding its own within that mix and is a -- it's not a headwind on gross margin percentages.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Steven Lichtman of Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Steven Lichtman: Thank you. Hi guys, just a couple of P&L follow-ups. First in terms of the investment in sales and marketing; should we be thinking about that as solely sales force higher investments or is there any discrete marketing investments that are embedded in there? And then secondly, Al, on the ideal equipment charges, the enhanced charges we've seen owing to the efficiencies, how should we be thinking about those rolling of in 2017?
Bob Weiss: So on the sales and marketing, it's more than just feet-on-the-street, albeit the concentration and the focus is more so feet-on-the-street. But with the new products, with Energys, with conversion of -- from Aviara to Vitality, with the new Toric, you know, our new MyDay Toric, all that activity, there is certainly is and particularly upfront as you come out with the new products, some energy on the marketing side. Some of that will tell off and some of it will continue as we roll it our around the world. So nothing, so I would say nothing eminent where it's certainly in a -- non-investment mode over the next one to two years. The roll-off of ideal equipment is somewhat a function of the success of the growth of our various areas, whether it's Vitality, whether it's MyDay, whether it's Clariti, the growth in those products will form the basis of consuming some of that ideal equipment over the next one to two years. We indicated partly because of the continuing successes in cutting cost and getting better yields and getting better throughput. We're now talking about lines with north of 80 million unit production that two years ago we didn't have on the drawing board by way of a thought. So those kind of profound changes means we'll be able to continue to ramp up and continue to be ahead of the curve in terms of the demand side for quite a while in some of those areas, Clariti and MyDay. Al, I don't know what other -- how you want to
Albert White: Maybe just a quickly, that was exactly right, we quantify that just a little bit, we had talked last year about kind of $0.10 a quarter above and beyond for ideal equipment and some inventory charges. And we had that Q2, Q3, Q4 -- I would say that we're continuing to have that right now. Those ideal charges are mostly linked to daily side. So the growth the you're seeing is just absolutely fantastic for us, so continuing growth like that puts those lines to use and the ideal equipment goes down. So the expansion and the focus on sales and marketing to drive topline growth and driving single-use, the -- one of the nice benefit to that is it's going to put equipment to work, we obviously don't need to buy new equipment what helps free cash flow and we remove ideal equipment charges and put that into production. So I would say that we're still kind of looking at that $10 a quarter here to start the year but then depending upon our success, that will move down and hopefully move to zero by the end of this year but more likely we'll see those charges even move into 2018 a little bit.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm showing no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Bob Weiss for closing remarks.
Bob Weiss: Well, I want to thank you for joining our call today and wish everyone the happiest of holidays coming up. And we look forward to updating you on the progress we're making and on our new product roll outs. On our call in March which I believe is going to be March 2, 2017. I'll look forward to talking to you then. Thank you, all. Thank you, that's it operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-09-01 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Kim Duncan - VP, IR Bob Weiss - CEO Gregory Matz - CFO
Analysts: Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird Brian Weinstein - William Blair Jon Block - Stifel Matt Mishan - KeyBanc Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Lawrence Keusch - Raymond James Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Steven Lichtman - Oppenheimer
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to The Cooper Companies Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the meeting over to Kim Duncan, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon, and welcome to The Cooper Companies third quarter 2016 earnings conference call. I'm Kim Duncan, Vice President of Investor Relations; and giving prepared remarks on today's call are Bob Weiss, Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Matz, Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market or regulatory conditions and integration of any acquisitions or their failure to achieve anticipated benefits. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward-Looking Statements in today's earnings release and are described in our SEC filings including the Business Section of Cooper's Annual Report on Form 10-K. These are publicly available and on request from the company's Investor Relations department. Now, before I turn the call over to Bob, let me comment on the agenda for the call. Bob will begin by providing highlights on the quarter, followed by Greg who will then discuss the third quarter financial results. We will keep the formal presentation to roughly 30 minutes, and then open up the call for questions. We expect the call to last approximately one hour. We request that anyone asking questions please limit yourself to one question. Should you have any additional questions, please call our investor line at 925-460-3663 or email ir@cooperco.com. As a reminder, this call is being webcast and a copy of the earnings release is available through the Investor Relations section of The Cooper Companies website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bob for his opening remarks.
Bob Weiss: Thank you, Kim, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter 2016 conference call. Let me start by highlighting three key points. First, I'm pleased to report another strong quarter including first ever quarter with revenues over $500 million. This includes CooperVision reporting revenues over $400 million for the first time and CooperSurgical reporting revenues over $100 million for the first time. This resulted in non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.30 and free cash flow of $98 million. Second, CooperVision posted strong results in all key areas of its business resulting in 6% as reported in constant currency. Single use silicone hydrogel lenses grew 40% while two week and monthly silicone hydrogel lenses grew a combined 11%, both in constant currency. Third, CooperSurgical had another strong quarter posting revenue growth of 38% or 6% pro forma. Fertility was the highlight posting the strongest quarter in many years with growth of 108% or 10% pro forma. Moving into details; CooperVision reported second quarter revenues of $410 million, up 6%. This was another strong quarter, and continues to show the strength of our product portfolio. The Americas grew 6% in constant currency with strength in multiple categories led by Biofinity and our 1-day silicone hydrogel franchise. Our enhanced Clariti lens continues to perform well and MyDay had another strong quarter. During the quarter we received FDA approval for Avaira Vitality and began to launch in the U.S. in late July. You will recall Avaira Vitality is the replacement product for Avaira in the two week silicone hydrogel market. The market reaction has been positive. We remain optimistic about this upgraded product. We also introduced Biofinity Energys at the American Optometric Association Conference in July and began to launch in August. This premium Biofinity product has received excellent reviews and we're confident we will great success in its offering. EMEA posted a solid quarter from 3% year-over-year in constant currency against the tough comp. Growth was driven by Biofinity and the 1-day silicone hydrogel franchise. Asia Pacific had a very strong quarter with 16% constant currency growth; growth was strong throughout the region during Biofinity, and the 1-day silicone hydrogel franchise. Within Japan, our MyDay share launches progressed well and we introduced MyDay toric during the quarter. We believe both, MyDay sphere and toric have the potential to be a very successful premium offering in this market. Turning to our product categories; toric's grew a healthy 10% year-over-year and multifocals grew 5%, both in constant currency. We remained the global leader in specialty lenses and our success with Biofinity and Clariti in both of these categories should continue to drive growth for many years. Looking at silicone hydrogel lenses, these products grew 16% in constant currency and now represent 61% of our total sales. Within the two week and monthly space, Biofinity and Avaira combined to grow 11% in constant currency. We remain under-indexed in the two week and monthly silicone hydrogel space at 75% of revenue versus the market at 79%, so we expect to continue growing faster than the market given our strong product portfolio. Regarding our silicone hydrogel 1-day lenses, Clariti and MyDay, they combined to grow 40% in constant currency. The biggest driver in our contact lens market is 1-day growth and we strongly believe we have the best product portfolio offering in the space as the only company with premium and mass-market lenses including a full portfolio of 1-day silicone hydrogel sphere, toric and multifocal lenses. Now let me comment on the overall contact lens market and remember, this information is on the last page of the earnings release. For the calendar quarter, Q2, we continue taking shares growing 10% with the market up 5%. Geographically, CooperVision grew 8% in the Americas, while the market was up 4%. In Asia Pacific, we grew 20% with the market up 4%. And in EMEA, we grew 9% with the market up 7%. On a modality basis, single use lenses continued driving growth with CooperVision up 18% and the market up 10%. For non-silicone hydrogel -- non-single use lenses, we grew 7% while the market grew 1%. As you can see, our growth remains diverse and strong. On the trailing 12-month basis, CooperVision grew 8% and the market grew 5%. Going forward, I expect the market to continue growing 4% to 6% over the next five years and most likely closer to 6%. The drivers will continue to be a shift to DAILIES geographic expansion and the expansion of the wearer base. We expect to continue taking market share led by our strong silicone hydrogel portfolio. Moving to CooperSurgical, we reported Q2 revenues of $105 million, up 38% year-over-year driven by strong organic growth and acquisitions. On a pro forma basis, growth was up 6%. Our fertility products led the way up 108% or 10% pro forma. Within fertility, we had growth throughout the business and continue to believe our market leading product portfolio which includes medical devices, genetic testing and capital equipment is the broadest portfolio in the space and should continue to drive growth for many years to come. Within our office and surgical category, our growth moderated slightly from the last few quarters up 3%. We're continuing to execute on several product launches including our disposable stoke NOC [ph], we believe we were well positioned in this segment going forward. Regarding acquisitions, we've been actively working in on integrating the deals we've done over the past year, and the strategic rationale behind these deals remains intact. We are very focused on becoming a full service provider within the global IVF space. Finally on CooperSurgical, we're continuing to execute on several initiatives which should significantly strengthen the business and pay dividends for many years to come. These include transitioning to a geographic sales model adding sales reps and underpenetrated areas, launching products in new markets and increasing our focus on high growth areas such as IVF genetic testing. To some degree, these investments are masking our strong underlying operating performance but it's critical that we lay the ground work to support the business on a long-term growth perspective. Now turning to guidance, I'll let Greg go through the details but let me touch on a few items. For Q4 we're guiding CooperVision to roughly 5.5% to 7% constant currency growth and CooperSurgical roughly to 5% to 8% pro forma growth. So similar growth to Q3 regarding non-GAAP earnings per share for Q4 we're guiding to $2.15 to $2.30. Regarding fiscal 2017, it's too early to provide financial guidance but I will say it should be a strong year, even the momentum in our two businesses as well as recent currency moves. From a longer term perspective, we're still targeting operating margins of 27% or higher in 2020. In conclusion, I want to express my appreciation to our employees for all their hard work and dedication. I also want to say a special thank you to Greg Matz, who has announced his plan of retirement after more than six years of service of our company, including roughly the last five years of our CFO. Greg will be greatly missed and we wish him the best in his future endeavors. With Greg's departure, we have announced Al White, who many of you know really well, will succeed Greg as CFO. Al will assume this role in addition to his current leadership responsibilities with CooperSurgical. I'm very confident that his leadership and abilities will allow us to continue driving long-term shareholder value. From a timing perspective, Greg will remain CFO until the end of the fiscal year and then Al will take over the position. Greg will remain with us through March of next year to ensure a smooth transition. And now I'll turn it over to Greg to cover our financial results.
Gregory Matz: Thanks, Bob, and good afternoon everyone. Bob provided an overall summary of our performance including a review of the market and our revenue picture. I am going to focus primarily on our non-GAAP results for the quarter, for the reconciliation to GAAP numbers please refer to our earnings release. Looking at gross margins, in Q3 the non-GAAP gross margin was 63.6% compared to 62.4% in the prior year. This increase is largely due to a favorable mix by Biofinity and favorable FX offset by recent CSI acquisitions which have lower gross margins. CooperVision on a non-GAAP basis reported gross margins of 64.2% versus 61.8% in Q3 of last year. The factors which impacted margin were the IMs I just mentioned. CooperSurgical had a non-GAAP gross margin of 61.2%, which compares to Q3 '15 of 65.4%. Acquisitions in the genetic testing space were the primary drivers for this reduction. Now looking at operating expenses, on a non-GAAP basis, SG&A increased approximately 8% to $179.7 million or 35% of revenue, down from approximately 36% of revenue in the prior year. Primary driver behind this drop was strong spending controls as we had leverage in both, CooperVision and CooperSurgical. Now looking at R&D in Q3; R&D on a non-GAAP basis decreased 2% to $16 million or 3.1% of revenue, down from 3.5% of revenue in the prior year. The primary driver of the leverage we're seeing from the Sauflon acquisition. Moving to operating margins; for Q3, consolidated GAAP operating income and margin were $102.7 million and 19.9% of revenue versus $50.3 million and 10.9% of revenue in Q3 last year. Non-GAAP operating income and margins were $131.6 million and 25.6% of revenue versus $106.1 million and 23% of revenue for the prior year. The primary difference in the operating margin year-over-year is improved gross margins and operating expense leverage. In Q3, CooperVision's non-GAAP operating income and margin were $119.4 million and 29.1% of revenue versus $97.7 million and 25.3% of revenue in the prior year. CooperSurgical's non-GAAP operating income and margin were $23.5 million and 22.4% of revenue versus Q3 '15 of $19.5 million of operating income and 25.6% of revenue. Looking at depreciation and amortization; in Q3, depreciation was $33.9 million, down $7.5 million year-over-year. Amortization was $15.6 million, up $3.1 million, reflecting our recent acquisition activity. Interest expense was $8 million for the quarter, up $3.3 million year-over-year, primarily due to higher debt and interest rates associated with acquisitions. Looking at the effective tax rate, in Q3, the non-GAAP effective tax rate was 7.7% versus a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 3.1% in Q3 '15. As a reminder, in the prior year, we had a higher dollar amount of Q3 discrete items related to prior years which reversed in that quarter. On earnings per share, our Q3 earnings per share on a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis was $1.79 and $2.30 respectively versus $0.91 and $1.97 for GAAP and non-GAAP in the prior year. Now looking at some balance sheet and liquidity items in Q3, we had cash provided by operations of $128.9 million, plus capital expenditures of $31.1 million, resulting in $97.8 million of free cash flow. Excluding integration costs of $6.5 million, adjusted free cash flow was $104.3 million. Total debt increased slightly within the quarter by $2.7 million to $1,444.1 million, primarily due to higher average cash balances and acquisitions, largely offset by operational cash flow generation. Inventories decreased by approximately $3.3 million to $430.3 million over last quarter. In CooperVision, we saw overall inventory decline as growth in silicon daily inventory to support our product launches was offset by a reduction in our hydrogel inventory. In CooperSurgical we saw small increase largely due to the new acquisitions. For the quarter, we're seeing months on hand at 6.5 months, down from 7 months last quarter. Day sales outstanding is at 54 days, same as last quarter and down one day from the prior year. Now turning to guidance; for our main currencies, we are using 1.10 for the euro, 1.04 for the yen, and 1.30 for the pound. And looking at the full year, the consolidated revenue range is being raised on the low end to reflect our Q3 performance and is now $1.944 billion to $1.957 billion or approximately 6% to 7% pro forma growth, up from the previous 5.5% to 7% range. For the fourth quarter, CooperVision's revenue range is $390 million to $400 million or roughly 5% to 7.5% constant currency growth. And CooperSurgical's revenue range is $106 million to $109 million or roughly 5% to 8% pro forma growth. We expect non-GAAP gross margin for the fourth quarter to be slightly over 64% driven by a strong quarter for CooperVision. This would result in a full year gross margin around 63%. OpEx is expected to be slightly under 39% for the fourth quarter as well as for the full year. Operating margin is expected to be around 26% in Q4 which would result in the full year margin being in the mid-24% range. Interest expense is expected to be a little over $7 million in Q4 or slightly over $28 million for the year. Our effective tax rate guidance is the same as last quarter; a full year rate of around 8% translates to 10.5% to 11% in Q4. Our expected share count is around 49.1 million shares, our non-GAAP earnings per share is expected to be $2.15 to $2.30 from the fourth quarter which equates to $8.32 to $8.47 for the full year. From our last earnings call, currency was a positive in Q3, helping roughly $0.04 but we are expecting a negative impact in Q4, roughly $0.02 from our previous guidance. Unfortunately, some of the positives we experienced in Q3 from currency such as the yen and the euro are now being more than offset by the move in the pound since Brexit occurred in late June. As Bob mentioned, if currency holds, which would see a lot of benefit next year led by cost of goods, as roughly 40% of CooperVision's product as manufactured in pounds with roughly a six months lag to the P&L. To be clear, this is roughly 40% of CooperVision's manufacturing, so on a consolidated basis, this is roughly 30% of our total cost of goods. Also note, the pound move associated with Brexit occurred in late June, so this positive impact starts in January; so more muted positive impact in fiscal Q1 versus the remainder of the year. And the other point to note as I mentioned earlier, is our effective tax rate guidance remains unchanged which means the Q4 tax rate range of about 10.5% to 11%. Regarding cash flow, our CapEx was low this quarter but we do expect around $50 million in Q4, so around $170 million of CapEx for the year now. This should result in free cash flow over $300 million and adjusted free cash flow and excluding integration related activity at well north of $300 million. With that, let me turn it back to Kim for the Q&A session.
Kim Duncan: Thank you, Greg. Operator, we're ready to take some questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson from Robert W. Baird.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Good evening guys. Can you hear me, okay?
Bob Weiss: Can hear you fine.
Jeff Johnson: Okay, great. Greg, I just wanted to say, it's been great working for you -- working with you, not for you but working with you for the last few years and best of luck in the future. And Al, plus or minus, we'll see how it goes here over the next few years; that was a joke. And so, Bob, I just want to start with you just on kind of the monthly trend here. It's always tough to read CLI data and try to translate that given the off one-month how you're fiscal quarter closes. But I look -- it looks as if maybe the forward month slowed a little bit looking at CLI data versus your reported number for the quarter. There has been some question of utilization issues out there. So just -- any color you can give us on kind of the monthly gating [ph] of what you've been seeing in the industry here over the last few months?
Bob Weiss: Good question Jeff, and just kind of jump off the page a little that July must have been soft relatively speaking. There is really primarily but one answer to that and its industry-wide answer with that sort of reason, most people would think. While in the past have we talked about work days in a month but in this case I'll highlight the fact that in July this year there were 19 work days compared to 22 last year because of the way we can sell. That translates to about 17% -- 16% to 17% reduction in revenue if you had the same revenue per day or the orders per day. So pretty profound impact that weighted heavily because of the normally of the way we can sell. Conversely, you get some of that back in August, relative to a full quarter however, probably the best way to look at it is, work days were down 3% this year in the third quarter and they will be up 1.5% in the fourth quarter. So there is one more work day in the fourth quarter, so it's smooth now within the quarter but there is some anomaly between July and August caused by work days.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Brian Weinstein from William Blair.
Brian Weinstein: Thanks for taking the question. Can you guys just talk a little bit about what you're seeing obviously from the competitive launch from J&J? And then also you have a couple of launches in the FRP space, so how are you seeing that kind of two week and monthly space playing out at this point and any color you can talk about with respect to just a competitive launch in general? Thanks.
Bob Weiss: Yes, the competitive launch -- J&J has been active in taking away since two weeks which was their sweet spot and expanding it into a one day, one week and then a one day and now they are moving with the different package into the monthly modality with Vita. The amount of push they put behind Vita [ph] was nothing compared to a year ago when they launched the OASYS one day modality, so a lot more muted. Having said that they are one of the more active ones in this space, albeit leveraging their OASYS franchise if you will. Interestingly, they still do not call OASYS one day a silicone hydrogel lens but as we all know it is silicone hydrogel lens. As I think I indicated in the past, it was my belief that there would be some swapping off the two week non-compliant into the monthly compliant which in essence is a clever way to think it's a trade-up strategy and I think we're seeing more and more of that as they are trying to continue the deceleration or the negative growth of the two week space which they own 90% of, and migrate it into more profitable buckets. And there is no doubt profitable bucket means the one day modality but quite frankly the strategy is not short-sited. So to speak when it comes to a monthly price point yields more revenue than a two week non-compliant and most of vast majority of the two week wears are non-compliant. As far as our product in the non-one day space, we rolled out initially Biofinity and are just -- it's getting, it's very early in the game but so far so good, there is a lot of excitement about novel wins that really addresses people with iPhone's and being in front of TV screens and computer screens, professionally. So there is lot of interest by the eye care professionals that we have engaged in discussion thus far. We also are have got approval to launch Vitality in the two week space and Vitality is targeted to replace our low gross margin Avaira product in the two week space. That low gross margin came about as a number of years ago when we had a recall and had to change the manufacturing technique which became very cumbersome. So it is a significant step up in gross margin and it's very early in that launch, I think it was late July. And the intent there is, it will probably take two to three years to roll out the entire family of the toric and the sphere worldwide in this migration. The sphere will go faster and the majority of the Avaira product line is the 70% of it or more is the sphere side, so that one will show up quick. But it's an inventory term and when you have toric, it takes longer to transition if you will that. So we're excited about that and then of course we have all the action that's going on in the one day space.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jon Block from Stifel.
Jon Block: Great guys, thanks and good afternoon. Maybe two, I'll ask them both upfront. The CSI margins Greg were down a decent sequential pull back from fiscal 2Q results, not asking for guidance for the next year but sort of the 61% gross margin, the right place to be looking forward when we think about the recent acquisitions weighing on the margin a bit. And then separately for CVI, Bob can you just talk to the EMEA market? I mean you're gaining a lot of share in APAC and you've seen to be well positioned in the U.S. The game seem to be accelerating, can you talk about what you're seeing in the EMEA market regarding share? Thanks guys.
Gregory Matz: Jon, on the gross margin, I think what you should expect to see is -- fixed as one of the low point, you should see it to be a little bit higher than that and again the base business will kick in a little bit. The new acquisitions come with a lower gross margin and so that you did see that pressure, especially in Q3.
Bob Weiss: As far as the EMEA market, we continue to gain shares there and happy to say we're right on the heels of the number one player there which is Alcon in the market. So -- and that happens to be the part of the world where we have the highest market share in EMEA. Our overall market share is 23% but in Europe, it's 33% contrasted to where was weakest share but growing fast in Asia Pac. So the market there remains focused in on the one day modality, Eastern Europe continues to be a robust area. And then the Biofinity continues to charge very nicely there. And then of course the other thing is, U.S. market was the first one to arrive with specialty lenses, torics, and multifocals, and now the rest of the world including EMEA is catching up. So you have a more robust market there which plays to Cooper's strength, recognizing we're number one in the world in the specialty lens area overall.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Matt Mishan from KeyBanc.
Matt Mishan: Good afternoon and thank you for taking my questions. Bob, could you give us a sense of what is driving the double-digit growth in Asia Pac and with MyDay being a bigger piece over there going into next year, is double-digit growth sustainable for little bit? And then can you talk a little bit about what you see is the opportunity for the MyDay toric in Japan and why you launched there first?
Bob Weiss: Sure. First of all, double-digit in Asia Pac is somewhat of reflection of our immaturity in that market with a fabulous product portfolio. So we have a great product portfolio, lot of it emanated out of EMEA; so it started in Europe, it came to the U.S. and really Asia Pac is the last to get it all. In addition, we were clearly under index overall in that market. We have invested over the last three or four years heavily in some areas like China and the surrounding geographic area. So we're starting to get momentum there. As far as MyDay in Japan, MyDay is a one day product, there are silicone hydrogel players in the Japanese market. TrueEye I started there selling silicone hydrogel market when we started for all fast flow purposes in Japan. The beauty of having a MyDay toric in Japan, first of all, we have Clariti available in the western world, Clariti has a sphere of toric in the multifocal. In Japan, we only have MyDay at this juncture and having a toric to go along with it, have a halo effect, we will be the only one in the Japanese market with a silicone hydrogel sphere and a toric. While the toric market is not as mature as even the European market, it's certainly in the cycle there. It is a nice halo effect that lot of practioners wanted and particularly more so, some of your independence in Japan, so it's a good story with not only those retailers that exist there but also the independence. So, yes, I do expect that we will put up robust numbers going forward, double-digit numbers certainly in many quarters going forward into Asia Pac marketplace.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Matt O'Brien from Piper Jaffray.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good afternoon. This is actually Jay [ph] for Matt. Thanks for taking my questions. I just wanted to dig deeper on gross margin, and I know you're not giving guidance for 2017 but you've got a lot going on with -- you've got a weaker British pound which as you said after six months once you work through inventory you'll see a benefit there. And Clariti as it continues to ramp, it should be accretive to differ my gross margin in response to the two week period that has better gross margins as well. So I try to think off, is there any reason why we can't get above 65% next year? And then just a longer term question on gross margin, I mean we needed to be -- the Sauflon acquisition, you kind of gotten the stability of doing silicone hydrogel having the need for alcohol in the manufacturing process, and just trying to think of when you can take that manufacturing ability and start launching your own organic products with that kind of unique process and when we should expect some products like that?
Gregory Matz: I think on the gross margin, you've covered a lot of the points that there are obviously some tailwinds and where Clariti is coming in at far better than we first thought when we launched the company. The pound as we mentioned that especially the pound at these rates as I mentioned in the earlier comments will have a nice impact going forward. At the same time, again we are -- you saw the acquisitions that CooperSurgical is doing and that will have some impact on the overall gross margins because if you get into more lab-based businesses, they're going to come with lower gross margins. And so as you said, we're not giving guidance for next year, you've seen the gross margin start to edge up throughout the entire year, so you can see that where we're looking at being in the fourth quarter is again higher than we were in the third quarter.
Bob Weiss: And I think just on the comment on the Sauflon platform, yes, we're static about the alcohol-free nature of it and the fact that it's so full [ph] that we have to see as the toric and the multifocal to leverage. We're static by the fact that we were able to ramp up very quickly and therefore we're not capacity constraint. So that is clearly a tailwind in a high gross margin area. However, I would agree with Greg's point that with the surgical acquisitions that we have made and with surgical now and around 61 -- going up a little bit from there, there is a mix headwind that comes into play. So directionally you're right, there is tremendous amount of tailwinds to help us out and we'll see where that all lands down the road.
Kim Duncan: Next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch from BMO Capital Markets.
Joanne Wuensch: Hi, good afternoon. I hope everybody is well and congratulations to Greg and Al. Multi product questions, first, two multi product questions. FX, we all sort of search in a stock price after the Brexit moment and so I'm sort of curious what you're thinking of the FX impact maybe for 2017 without giving guidance but maybe as a contributor so that we also get our heads around with no surprises when you do give guidance. And the second part of that question has to do with -- what was the FX impact on EPS in the third quarter and the current thinking for the full year? And then my second question, it has to do more big picture, we've all been very worried and very focused about J&J's product launches and while Ciba and Bosch have struggled, is there anything that you see coming down to the pike that we need to be aware of as we look forward? Thank you.
Gregory Matz: Joanne, I'll jump in on the FX question real quick. So from a third quarter perspective, if you look at the actuals, we had a $0.06 benefit year-over-year and that was about $0.04 above what we had guided to or what was in our guidance in Q3, I'm sorry Q2. If you look for the full year, we're looking at -- FX is about flat, it's about up $0.02 for the full year year-over-year. When you talk about Brexit, one of things to keep in mind and I mentioned that in the script when it hit, so it hit in late June. So we would start to see the benefit of that really coming in in January. So Q1 will be a little bit of benefit and provided the rate stay where they are at, you'll get that benefit throughout the rest of the year. So it's a nice benefit from a CooperVision perspective about 40% of our COGS are in pound-based manufacturing, and that's 30% roughly because of total company. So you will see that flow through again good part of the next year provided the pound stays at about these rates. That's definitely down quite a bit from prior years and that's -- we win more on -- when that happens from a pound perspective, we win more on the manufacturing than we lose in the revenue but in the short-term like Q4, we actually get impacted by the revenue first and the benefit will come out outside of this fiscal year.
Bob Weiss: As far as some of the product launches of J&J -- when we look at J&J, B&L and Alcon; J&J is the one that already have their act together, the best of the three. And Alcon obviously is still in a remaking mode. B&L is in a remaking mode, changing their structure yet again, I think. And J&J with a fairly weak product portfolio is a good marketing company and so I would complement them on making the best of the product portfolio they have. Some of their programs, the whole disruption they've caused in the marketplace over the last two years with directions going all the way with UPP and then direction going the other way, they've taken some bumps in terms of their messaging. So one day they are saying to you was the friend of the independent with these products and then the next day they are saying, well, we have a different story to tell you but it's going to be UPP. So there is no doubt there is some reaction to that. As far as Vita for example, their new product launch in the monthly space very much -- it's moving into a space where it's going against some franchise products and Biofinity is a franchise product and Biofinity is the product that has a toric and sphere and a multifocal, plus now it has things like Energys which is an enhanced product where people -- like 99% of the people on the planet are using more and more technology. So I don't expect them to get too robust about that. I do think that's a lot different than what they did a year ago with OASYS one day where they basically said, we want to participate into shift so [indiscernible] whereas leaving the two week space and catch some in the one day market with a huge trade-off. So they are playing out that strategy, to a large degree they cannibalize TrueEye in the U.S., not worldwide but in the U.S. and OASYS one day and TrueEye and MyDay are giving a competition in this case Alcon's Total 1 run for their money. Now Alcon got out there first when there was only one competitor in that space which is TrueEye. J&J knew that was a deficient product in the U.S. and I'm not sure why in the U.S. when it actually has done pretty well historically in Japan but for whatever reason, the U.S. it's a week two product. So product roll outs, we hear a lot of noise about B&L on ULTRA which is their answer to trying to refresh the product line for monthly products, monthly silicone hydrogel products. They've gone and expanded now I think from beyond sphere but a lot of what B&L is doing is capturing some of their legacy products, Purevision and SofLens 66. So when you put it all together, B&L has some new products, ULTRA but it's about holding breakeven with the entire product portfolio including the fall-off of their legacy products. So worldwide I think the last quarter there probably 1% to 2% growth. So they would have lost some margins here last quarter. Alcon likewise, came up with 2% numbers in a market growing 5%, so they lost share. So the gainers were Cooper and with the robust 10% in J&J.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo.
Larry Biegelsen: Good afternoon guys, thanks for taking the questions, and congratulations Greg and Al. Just -- for my multi product question here. Bob, is it safe to assume that August bounce back from what sounds like a weak July because of the day count? Second, on 2017, you guys have historically given some color, even last year you did on EPS, is it safe to assume that you're pretty comfortable with concerned to this top and bottom line at this point roughly speaking, otherwise you would -- if there were something out of whack, you would call it out. And lastly, the inventory write-off and the ideal equipment charges we saw in fiscal Q2 which resulted in $0.30 hit, should we -- are those over or do you expect more of those either in the fourth quarter of 2017? Thanks for taking the questions.
Bob Weiss: All right. First question on August and July, yes, it's safe to assume that the anomalies between the weak July and August have to do with workdays, not anything engrained in the marketplace. Relatively to 2017 where we indicated we're not prepared at this juncture to put specifics on the line. No, we wouldn't comment one way or the other on what consensus is out there. I would highlight however that some of the analyst have more aggressive foreign exchange rates and some analyst's maybe -- I think Greg kind of hit the nail on the head. Some of the models on the impact of the pound etcetera, emphasizing that it's on 30% of our worldwide instead of 40% of our worldwide cost of goods, it is an important attribute. So hopefully, we gave some color for people to sharpen the pencil with their models in some case. So beyond saying there is a lot of tailwinds that we're standing by and happy with, and the foreign exchange rates will be whatever they are and they change literally by the hour. We're not going to add anymore color at this juncture. As far as the 10-10-10 hit, $0.10 in the second quarter, $0.10 in the third quarter and $0.10 in the fourth quarter due to idle equipment and inventory write-offs that were over and above normal, they are in the numbers. There are other write-offs that are routine and they continue throughout 2016 and will continue throughout 2017. Directionally, we indicated that a lot of those call out charges are associated with some of our improving efficiency a lot more than we thought. So that let us to idling some equipment. So directionally you can see the growth numbers in our 1-day silicone hydrogel franchise of 40%; that certainly will go towards improving absorption. And importantly, when something goes from idle to used in productions, it goes from a direct period charge which is what the 10-10-10 is about to certainly it moves on to the balance sheet when it's making the inventory. So that will continue throughout 2017 if you will.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Larry Keusch from Raymond James.
Lawrence Keusch: Good afternoon, and also congrats to Greg and to Al. I guess, again, two part financial question here. On the CapEx, I mean if you go back and look, it -- it tends to be cyclical, then you do get into periods where there is investment as you guys bring out the lines and expand capacity. There are also periods of time where you grow into that capacity and in this case you've got some of these ideal equipment sitting around now that will add to that. So I just wanted to get your take on where you think CapEx can go here over the next several years. I think you said 170-ish million is for this year but where does it go and how does that translate to free cash flow generation? And I guess along with that should we expect no additional Sauflon integration charges next year? And then the other part of the question is, I think certainly the odds of an interest rate increase have gone up and we could see something coming in this month and how are you thinking about that and what's built into guidance? Thanks.
Bob Weiss: Well, few things on that. The cyclicality of the CapEx spend, you're absolutely right, we ramped up Biofinity and Avaira in the last decade. We're very capital intense. We got real efficient, we ramped down and then all of a sudden, particularly with the Sauflon acquisition and with MyDay rollout of silicone hydrogel 1-day, we became very capital intense again over the last several years. And along the hold [ph], we got real efficient and so we are again a little ahead of ourselves in the perfect world. Translation there is, we think we have a pretty long runway on improving efficiencies that will continue over the next several multiple years and that will be somewhat of a cap on CapEx requirements. Look for we've taken the CapEx needs this year from $200 million, down $30 million to $170 million, the outlook for post-2016 will be for less than that. We're thinking in that $150 million range, so year-over-year a reduction of in that $50 million range. When you look at cash flow, we've now taken our -- should get the $300 million to a lot stronger statement about $300 million. So where $300 million headed towards $400 million, no real change in that signal on that going forward. There is, in my opinion, multiple years of runway on some of those efficiencies that we're talking about. As far as Sauflon interest charges, the -- what's built into our thinking is given that we forward cash flow generation, we see that as part of a minimizer. So when you're -- you have $1.4 billion in that worldwide, you're generating $300 million to $400 million in cash flow that will serve to offset. We do expect that probably between now and year end there will be some movement in rates and of course we've only guided through year end. So at this juncture we haven't really guided if treasury goes crazy, then that will obviously influence the guidance we've come out within -- in December. But I think between foreign exchange volatility and interest rates, depending on whose got their mouth open on a given moment, out there it seems like the government is very more proactive and trying to direct economic thinking which is a detriment I think, overall, because it does create uncertainty involved in volatility. But we're still on a low inflationary modality, we can all speculate and pretend we're economist, so stay tuned and we'll refresh -- what our thinking is in December.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby from Cleveland Research.
Steve Willoughby: Hi, good evening. And congrats Greg and congrats Al. Just first on this year's guidance, Greg, if I heard you correctly, it sounds like FX was an incremental $0.04 positive for you here in the third quarter but an incremental $0.02 headwind versus what you're expecting for the fourth quarter. So I'm just trying to correlate that to your -- the guidance, the full year guidance you've given where you brought down the high end just a little bit. If it looks like net-net, FX is about incremental $0.02 positive to your previous guidance.
Gregory Matz: Yes. Last time that we gave guidance, we talked it being about a wash and it's net-net, you're right, it's a $0.02 positive for '16 at this point year-over-year.
Steve Willoughby: And so what's the driver to the reduction I guess at the full year guidance then?
Gregory Matz: The reduction to the full year guidance?
Steve Willoughby: Correct. Yes, I mean you said -- sorry, go ahead Bob.
Bob Weiss: Yes, let's just say I'm not sure overall against our guidance we raised a midpoint [ph] in our guidance.
Gregory Matz: Yes, we actually raised midpoint by $0.04, it was the FX that we experienced in the two was related to probably an operational increase.
Steve Willoughby: Okay, thanks very much.
Bob Weiss: So we took it up in our account.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Andrew [ph] from JP Morgan.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks for taking our question and congrats Greg and Al. I wanted to go back to the fewer and extra selling days in the third quarter and excited in the fourth quarter. And what was the impact on growth in the third quarter and what are -- for the fourth quarter?
Bob Weiss: If you took work days in the quarter, it would be a 3% headwind in Q3 and 1.5% tailwind in Q4, all other things being [ph].
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Steven Lichtman from Oppenheimer.
Steven Lichtman: Thank you. Hi guys, two questions. Bob, within your 1-day silicone hydrogel franchise, in the recent period here last few months, has the incremental contribution from MyDay and Clariti, pretty balanced or has one been contributing more incrementally over the past few months? And where do you see now that the mix going between those two products overtime? And then Greg, that's actually popping up here in the fourth quarter. The reason why are we going to see that move higher -- any changing your thoughts on tax rate beyond '16? Thanks.
Bob Weiss: So on the mix of MyDay and Clariti, there -- obviously MyDay is with smaller base, so it's percentages are higher and Clariti, which has a big European franchise has a bigger hurdle. Clariti is still the one that is targeting the mass market and therefore we'll always be most likely the bigger product. It's the one with the toric and the multifocal which also will make it the bigger product. So it's still about -- I don't know, 70-30-ish. However, with MyDay off of a lower base and going into Japan you may see it as that rollout occurs, take over somewhat bigger portion of the pie, given Japan is such a huge 1-day market. I guess Greg on the tax rate?
Gregory Matz: Yes, on the tax rate; since the March guidance we have been guiding to the 8% for the year, around 8%; and so we're still holding to that. And when you look at it, things have been choppy and it also depends a lot of times when discrete relates this year, we had discrete related in Q1 where normally it's Q3. Typically Q4 is a higher quarter, last year was an exception to that and that was based on a lot of work around the integration and restructuring cost which were allowed deductions. So the Q4 rate being in the 10.5% to 11% is probably more typical outside just the last year or so.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I would like to turn the conference back over to Bob Weiss for any closing remarks.
Bob Weiss: Well, I want to once again thank Greg for six great years and wish him the best going forward. He will be around as we indicated throughout the transition period, throughout the rest of this calendar year. And we look forward to updating you on our year end results in December and I think the date there is December 8 if I'm not mistaken; and a lot of good stuff going on, so we look forward to giving you an update on that. Everyone have a great Labor Day weekend and summer has come and summer has gone already and life goes on. With that, we'll conclude.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-06-02 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Kim Duncan - VP, IR Bob Weiss - CEO Greg Matz - CFO
Analysts: Matthew O'Brien - Piper Jaffray Jeff Johnson - Robert Baird Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Matt Mishan - KeyBanc Brian Weinstein - William Blair David Roman - Goldman Sachs Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Anthony Petrone - Jefferies Jon Block - Stifel Steven Lichtman - Oppenheimer and Company
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Cooper Companies Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference may be recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays conference Ms. Kim Duncan, Vice President, Investor Relations. Maam, please go ahead.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon, and welcome to The Cooper Companies' Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. I'm Kim Duncan, Vice President of Investor Relations; and giving prepared remarks on todays call are Bob Weiss, Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Matz, Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market or regulatory conditions and integration of any acquisitions or their failure to achieve anticipated benefits. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward-Looking Statements in today's earnings release and are described in our SEC filings including the Business section of Cooper's Annual Report on Form 10-K. These are publicly available and on request from the company's Investor Relations department. Now, before I turn the call over to Bob, let me comment on the agenda for the call. Bob will begin by providing highlights on the quarter, followed by Greg who will then discuss second quarter financial results. We will keep the formal presentation to roughly 30 minutes, then open the call for questions. We expect the call to last approximately one hour. We request that anyone asking questions please limit yourself to one question. Should you have any additional questions, please call our investor line at 925-460-3663 or email ir@cooperco.com. As a reminder, this call is being webcast and a copy of the earnings release is available through the Investor Relations section of The Cooper Companies' website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bob for his opening remarks.
Bob Weiss: Thank you, Kim, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the second quarter 2016 conference call. Let me start by highlighting three key areas. First, I'm pleased to report strong financial results for our fiscal second quarter. On a consolidated basis, we reported $484 million in revenue and non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.05. Second, CooperVision posted 9% revenue growth on both a constant currency and as-reported basis and strong results in all key areas of the business. Single use silicone hydrogel lenses grew 52% while two week and monthly silicone hydrogel lenses grew a combined 14% both in constant currency. Third, CooperSurgical had another strong quarter posting revenue growth of 23% and pro forma growth of 6%. We also closed several strategic acquisitions since our last earnings calls. Moving on to the details, CooperVision reported second quarter revenues of $391 million, up 9%. This was our strongest quarter, growth quarter since 2014 and really shows the strength of our product portfolio. Regarding revenue by geography, the Americas grew 9% in constant currency showing a nice rebound from last quarter. Strength was seen in multiple categories led by silicone hydrogel products. Our enhanced Clariti lens has been extremely well received and MyDay had another strong quarter. Our toric and multifocals also posted strong growth driven by the Biofinity family. EMEA had another strong quarter and sales grew 5% in constant currency. Growth was driven by our family of silicone hydrogel products Biofinity, Clariti, MyDay and Avaira. We also launched Avaira, Vitality in EMEA during the quarter and it is being well received. Avaira Vitality is our new two week silicone hydrogel lens which is an enhanced replacement for the original Avaira lens. It was developed using improved manufacturing processes resulting in a higher quality product at a lower cost per unit. We expect to launch this lens in the US later this year subject to FDA approval. Asia Pacific had a very strong quarter, up 18% in constant currency. Growth was strong throughout the region and Biofinity and ProClear 1 day stood out in Japan. Also within Japan we began our MyDay launch during the quarter and we're seeing early signs that MyDay to be a very successful premium offering in that market. Turning to our product categories, toric and multifocals grew at a healthy 15% year-over-year in constant currency. We saw very nice rebound in the US which bolstered our strength throughout the rest of world. We remain the global leader in specialty lenses. Looking at silicone hydrogel lenses, these products grew 20% in constant currency and now represent 60% of our total sales. Within the two week and monthly space Biofinity and Avaira combined to grow 14% in constant currency. We remain under-indexed in the two week and monthly silicone hydrogel space at 74% of sales versus the market at 79%. So we anticipate a very nice growth for many years to come. Regarding our silicone hydrogel one day lenses Clariti and MyDay, they combined to grow 52% in constant currency. We remain very optimistic about these products and are committed to our growth strategy which includes a two-tier approach with Clariti positioned as the mass market offering and MyDay as a premium offering. Remember, the biggest driver in the contact lens market is the one day growth and we strongly believe we have the best product offering in the space as the only company with premium and mass-market lenses including a full portfolio of one day silicone hydrogel sphere, toric and multifocal lenses. Before finishing with market data let me make a quick comment on integration matters. We continue to finalize our Sauflon integration activities and we're very close to being done. You will note, CooperVision had a have very small non-GAAP adjustment this quarter or smaller non-GAAP adjustment this quarter of roughly $9 million excluding amortization. We forecast similar charges in Q3 and Q4, mostly within cost of goods, but we should end this fiscal year. Now let me comment on the overall contact lens market and remember this information is on the last page of earnings release. For calendar Q1, we continue taking shares growing 9% with the market up 3%. Geographically, CooperVision grew 9% in the Americas, while the market was flat. In Asia Pacific, CooperVision grew 14% with the market up 5% and in EMEA we grew 6% in line with the market. On a modality basis, single use lenses continued driving growth and with CVI up 14% and the market up 9%. For non-single use lenses we grew 6% while the market declined 1%. We also see - as you can see, our growth remains diverse and strong. On the trailing 12 month basis CooperVision grew 8% and the market grew 5%. Going forward I expect the market to continue growing 4% to 6% over the next five years and most likely closer to 6%. The drivers will continue to be the shift to dailies', geographic expansion and an expansion of the wearer base. We expect to continue taking market share led by our strong silicone hydrogel portfolio. Moving to CooperSurgical, we reported second quarter revenues of $93 million, up 23% year-over-year or up 6% pro forma. Our fertility products led the way up 60% or 8% pro forma and our office and surgical products grew 5%. We continued executing on several initiatives which are driving success including transitioning to a geographic sales model, adding sales representatives in underpenetrated areas and increasing our focus on high-growth areas such as IVF and genetic testing. These moves are clearly gaining traction as we saw growth throughout our business in Q2. Going forward I believe we'll continue to see solid growth as business keeps moving into a more aggressive and efficient business model. Regarding acquisitions, we completed several over the past few months, so let me touch on those and the strategic rationale. At the beginning of April, we added Genesis Genetics, a genetic testing lab company focused on pre-implantation genetic screening and diagnosis using - used during the IVF process. This is a nice addition to our existing genetic testing platform. At the beginning of May we added complementary IVF capital equipment products through the acquisition of K-Systems a small acquisition with roughly $7 million in revenue per year. And finally we added the assets of Recombine last week. Recombine is a genetic testing company specializing in carrier screening which is a great fit within our IVF and genetic testing franchise as it adds the number one carrier screening test sold to the IVF clinics. As you see - as you can see, we are very focused on combining a full service provider within the IVF global market and we truly believe this strategy will yield success for many years to come. These deals are all incorporated into our updated guidance. With that let me touch on our guidance details. We are raising our fiscal 2016 revenue guidance for CooperVision to 5.5% to 7% constant currency growth. Our CooperSurgical revenue guidance is also raised to 6% to 8% pro forma growth or up 24% to 27% on an as-reported basis. We're also raising our non-GAAP EPS guidance to $8.20 to $8.50. In conclusion, I am very pleased with our results and remain optimistic about the underlying fundamentals of our business. I believe we're well positioned to deliver solid results for the remainder of the fiscal year and beyond. With that let me express my appreciation to our employees, our number one asset. Their hard work and dedication to creating value is the backbone of our success. And now I'll turn it over to Greg to cover the financial results.
Greg Matz: Thanks, Bob, and good afternoon everyone. I will provide an overall summary of our performance including a review of the market and our revenue picture. I am going to focus primarily on our non-GAAP results for the quarter. For the reconciliation to GAAP numbers please refer to our earnings release. Looking at gross margins, in Q2 the non-GAAP gross margin was 63.2% compared to 63.4% in the prior year. Although CooperVision had positives from currency and strong Biofinity sales, its margin was lower than expected. The primary items driving this were a negative margin impact from stronger Asia Pac sales where we have higher one day sales and charges associated with idle equipment and legacy hydrogel inventory. Regarding these last two items, let me cover them separately. We have made a lot of progress improving our manufacturing operations including some very recent successes. For competitive reasons I won't get into specifics, but our production per line has increased materially resulting in lower cost per unit and a lesser need for future CapEx. This has resulted in idling some equipment which hurt us in Q2 and will also negatively impact Q3 and Q4. We anticipate this being a short-term negative as we will grow into this production over time. The other item is our legacy hydrogel inventory where we wrote off more than we planned as our silicone hydrogel sales were very strong and we're forecasting that to continue. This hurts us in Q2 and we expect it will negatively impact Q3 and Q4. To be clear, we're not excluding these items from earnings, so they are negatively impacting our non-GAAP earnings per share. CooperVision on a non-GAAP basis reported gross margin of 62.8% versus 63.3% in Q2 of last year. The factors which impacted margin were the items I just mentioned. CooperSurgical had non-GAAP gross margin of 64.8% which compares to Q2 '15 of 63.5%. Strength in the OB/GYN and IVF product families drove this quarter's margin. SG&A, on a non-GAAP basis, SG&A increased approximately 6% to $171.6 million or 35% of revenue, down from approximately 37% of revenue the prior year. Primary driver behind this leverage was strong SG&A controls. Now looking at R&D, in Q2, R&D on a non-GAAP basis was $16.6 million or 3.4% of revenue, flat in dollars and down from 3.8% of revenue in the prior year. We are seeing investment in CSI offset by synergies from the Sauflon acquisition in CVI. Now, moving to operating margins. For Q2, consolidated GAAP operating income and margin were $89.8 million and 18.6% of revenue versus $71 million and 16.3% of revenue in Q2 last year. Non-GAAP operating income and margin were $117.6 million and 24.3% of revenue versus $96.7 million and 22.2% of revenue for the prior year. Primary difference in operating margin year-over-year is the operating expense leverage. In Q2, CooperVisions non-GAAP operating income and margin were $102.4 million and 26.2% of revenue versus $88.8 million and 24.7% of revenue in the prior year. CooperSurgical's non-GAAP operating income and margin were $26.6 million and 28.8% of revenue versus Q2 15 of $18.8 million of operating income and 25% of revenue. Moving on to depreciation and amortization, in Q2, depreciation was $33.7 million, up $1.5 million year-over-year. Amortization was $14.3 million, up $2 million, reflecting our recent acquisition activity. Interest expense was $7.6 million for the quarter, up $2.9 million year-over-year, primarily due to higher debt and interest rates associated with acquisitions. Looking at the effective tax rate, in Q2, the non-GAAP effective tax rate was 9.4% versus a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 8.4% in Q2 15. Earnings per share, our Q2 earnings per share on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis was $1.52 and $2.05 respectively versus $1.23 and $1.72 for GAAP and non-GAAP in the prior year. Non-GAAP earnings per share on a pro forma basis, which adjusts for currency and acquisitions, grew approximately 13% in the quarter. Now, looking at FX, net currency impact on earnings per share year-over-year for Q2 was a favorable $0.10. Moving onto the balance sheet. In Q2, we had cash provided by operations of $97.8 million, plus capital expenditures of $41.1 million, resulting in $56.7 million of free cash flow. Excluding integration costs of $9 million, adjusted free cash flow was $65.7 million. Total debt increased within the quarter by $64.1 million to $1,441.4 million, primarily due to higher average cash balances and acquisitions, partially offset by operational cash flow. Inventories increased from last quarter, approximately $2.7 million to $433.6 million. This is entirely driven by CSI acquisitions. In CooperVision, we saw inventories decline as growth in silicon daily inventory to support our product launches was offset by a reduction in our hydrogel inventory. For the quarter, were seeing months on hand at seven months. Days sales outstanding is at 54 days, which is down three days from the prior quarter and two days from last year. Now, turning to guidance. For our main currencies, we are using 1.10 for the euro, 1.12 for the yen and 1.46 for the pound. The consolidated revenue range is being raised to $1.929 billion to $1.960 billion or approximately 5.5% to 7% pro forma growth. CooperVisions revenue range is being raised to $1.545 billion to $1.567 billion or roughly 5.5% to 7% constant currency growth. CooperSurgical's revenue range is being raised to $384 million to $393 million or roughly 6% to 8% pro forma growth. Note that roughly half of the increase in guidance is from currency, while the other half is primarily from acquisitions. We expect non-GAAP gross margin to be around 63% for the year. This is a reduction from the previous guidance of around 64% as it incorporates the CooperVision items I mentioned earlier, along with lower gross margins from CooperSurgical associated with recent acquisitions. Having said that, we still expect improving Q3 and Q4 gross margins of around 64% each quarter. OpEx is expected to be around 39%. Operating margins, still expecting to be around 24%. Interest expense is expected to be around $28 million. Our effective tax rate is expected to be around 8%. Our expected share count will be around 49.1 million shares and our non-GAAP earnings per share is expected to be $0.20 higher on the top and bottom of our range to $8.20 to $8.50, which equates to a pro forma earnings per share of 10% to 14% growth. From our last guidance, currency is roughly a $0.40 positive and we have actually improved our operational performance by roughly $0.10, but we are expecting the idle legacy inventory write-offs to negatively impact this by roughly $0.30. CapEx is expected to be around $200 million as we finish paying for equipment we have ordered over the prior year and thus adjusted free cash flow is still expected to be around $300 million. With that, let me turn it back to Kim for the Q&A session.
Kim Duncan: Operator, we're ready to take some questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Matthew O'Brien with Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
Matthew O'Brien: Good afternoon. Thanks so much for taking the question. Just one for Bob and then one for Greg. On the increase in CVI, I guess the question is to Bob, increase to CVIs outlook for the year. Can you just give us a sense for how much of that is coming from improved manufacturing of MyDay, especially launching into Japan or just disruptions in the market that you're seeing? And then how much are you incorporating the J&J launch as far as somewhat of a headwind into your fiscal Q4? And then for Greg, this is typically a really strong free cash flow quarter for you guys, youre just sticking with the $300 million outlook for the year, so can you just help us reconcile the little bit of a softness that we saw here in Q2 versus that outlook for the year?
Bob Weiss: Yes. The foreign exchange, as Greg indicated, is a big driver of the topline overall improvement. In terms of the constant currency growth, you are correct, there is a modest - in the guidance, there is a modest deceleration compared to what we had previously forecasted to anticipate if you will some impact of the J&J rollout. Beyond that, its pretty much in the same range at the 5.5% to 7%. So modest at both. MyDay impact in Japan is, once again, we just rolled that product out in March of this year, so fairly minimal impact in terms of the overall any update on the guidance if you will. And of course we already knew about MyDay in Japan in our previous March guidance.
Greg Matz: Yes. Matt, on the free cash flow, nothing really jumps out. The number isnt that far off of the prior year and we did have a much stronger Q1. So as you look at kind of halfway through the year, were actually probably ahead of where we were last year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert Baird. Your line is now open.
Jeff Johnson: Sorry about that, guys. Can you hear me, okay?
Bob Weiss: We can.
Jeff Johnson: All right, great. So Bob, let me ask you one question and then I have a modelling question for Greg as well. But the question for you, just on the Biofinity and Avaira business, obviously that bounced back very nicely this quarter. I think you said 14% constant currency in the quarter year-over-year. 7% last quarter, so kind of averaging right around double digits, is that how we should think about that business going forward? Obviously, youve got the launch coming from J&J that was referenced in the prior question. You also have Ultra kind of gaining some traction it sounds like. So just how do you think about that Biofinity and Avaira bucket over the next couple of years?
Bob Weiss: Yes. I think taking the two quarters, the 7 and 13 being in around low double-digit is the right way to think about it.
Jeff Johnson: Great. Thats helpful. And Greg, a question for you. I think at the very end, you just said $0.20 is the EPS impact of the inventory write-off and that is included in your non-GAAP EPS guidance, is that correct?
Greg Matz: Yes.
Jeff Johnson: Okay. So for next year, we should be thinking about adding just kind of building off a base of $0.30 higher, assuming youre not going to have those kind of write-offs next year. Would that be the fair way to take kind of this years EPS, add $0.30 back and build that off as our base assumption going into next year?
Greg Matz: Yes, Jeff, it's probably a little early to get into next year's guidance, which we would come out later in the year and discuss.
Bob Weiss: And keep in mind, Jeff that its a balance between - some of that is write-off as Greg indicated, some of it is idle equipment as we grow into it. So were growing, given the substantial growth of our one-day modality and our unit growth, were anticipating that well start consuming more and more of that as each quarter goes by. But that $30 million overall is both write-off as well as idle.
Greg Matz: Yes. And Jeff, just to build on that a little bit, I think without giving guidance, I think we feel comfortable that we would see gross margins improve year-over-year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch with BMO Capital Markets.
Joanne Wuensch: Hi, can you hear me, okay?
Bob Weiss: We can.
Joanne Wuensch: Wonderful. I think what a couple of people are trying to get at and I know in speaking with investors, the big concern right now is the J&J monthly launch starting at the end of June, beginning of July, how do you think about that product launch and how do we get comfortable that we're not going to see a similar hiccup to what happened last fall?
Bob Weiss: Well, without knowing exactly what J&J is up to, well, in hindsight, we know what they did is they filled the pipeline a lot and then we sought their negative US results in the most recent quarter. So no one is saying they can't do that again. Having said that, this is a product coming in to the monthly modality. Its basically coming in with only a fear not at all in multifocal. So its not a family of products going against a family of products. And that is a big distinction as contrasted to the pipeline dragging everything in under one umbrella as they did their whole family of products and going after a Sphere. In that case, it was always one day going against total one primarily in that space, but it consumed - it took all the year out of the practitioners office if you will, or filled up all the space and there clearly is no guarantee they wouldn't try sliding the market again. As far as the way we think about it longer term, Biofinity is a very established product, wherein we continue to expand the offerings under that umbrella. It's a very global product and its one where, its fit in the monthly and we also have a very splashed vitality coming out in the two-week, which is the sweet spot of the market in terms of the number of wares. There are more wares in the two-week part of the market than there are in the monthly. Quite frankly, as some of you know, I always tend to do that, it's a good strategy for J&J if they are intent on treating up and basically migrating the non-compliant ware base they have in the two-week space into a complaint monthly modality that would be a good trade up in modalities, because they are non-compliant where is one who is basically only using 24 lenses a year compared to a monthly using 24 and conversely they are getting the price point of a two-week wear, and thats pretty big part of that two-week modality. So we think we will continue to see that market growth monthly and we will get our fair share of Biofinity. In the meantime, we will be more active down the road in the two-week space, and we are basically neutralized for the most part.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Steve Willoughby: Hey, great, can you hear me okay?
Bob Weiss: We can, Steve.
Steve Willoughby: Okay, Bob. Just regarding the charge or the idle equipment and inventory write-off that you guys took in the quarter, couple of questions regarding that. I guess first the idle equipment, is that - the idle equipment charge relate to newly purchased equipment that you dont need quite yet or is that existing equipment that youre idling for some reason?
Bob Weiss: Yes, so to qualify as idle, its basically been put in production and then is taken out of production. So I will answer the question with a little color. It could be very new equipment that was put in production, example our facility in Hungary where they got real good at making it and all of a sudden, we parked the equipment because some many - so much product was coming off of the other line. So as yields go up and costs are coming down, thats good news. The bad news is, if you put equipment that you are using and you idle it, it becomes a direct period charge as opposed to moving through with the inventory.
Steve Willoughby: This is sort of what happened with Avaira and then Gen II lines a number of years ago?
Bob Weiss: Absolutely.
Steve Willoughby: Okay. And --.
Bob Weiss: So what happened is our manufacturing people got very good at what they were doing. We always knew that if we - that they would deliver. We just didnt know how well they would deliver. So delivering a lot more units per dollar spent on capital, thats the good news, but it also turned short-term into the bad news. As I think Greg indicated, we will grow out of that fairly quickly when you look at the rapid unit growth in many of these areas where we have become very efficient, and that includes MyDay, that includes Biofinity, that includes Avaira, that includes Vitality and that includes Clariti in the bucket. All of those products became - the costs are going down through efficiencies and yields by our manufacturing people.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Lawrence Keusch with Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is actually John in for Lawry, good afternoon. I just had a quick question, I guess, whats the right way to calibrate expectations from MyDay in Japan? You obviously just launched in the quarter, but maybe shorter term and then maybe a little bit longer term in 2016 and 2017?
Bob Weiss: Well, you can see some of the numbers were putting up in the region, and Japan has certainly been stellar within that region also. Right now, we have a good portfolio of three products with MyDay being the third one in, but Biofinity is doing very well, ProClear 1 day is doing very well, as well now MyDay. We will be - we are only a month and a half into the launch if you will through the end of April and very pleased with the progress we are making. Its the biggest market by far in terms of the 1 day modality over any place in the world, and therefore, MyDay is a very good fit in a very good market, and we think that the combination of MyDay as a silicon hydrogel and ProClear 1 day as a hydrogel will be - is a good entre into that market. Also in the phase, Japan has been historically pretty lethargic the last I want to say 7, 8 years, its showing a little bit more life than it has, and the only reason its been lethargic is because it grew so rapidly in the prior decade compared to this decade. It got ahead of itself on the 1 day modality became the first to adopt that because they were very anti-lens care regimens and wanted the lenses to be boiled and therefore everyone migrated into the 1 day modality rather than boiling lenses every day. So I will just say that, we are pretty excited about MyDay there. Its going to take some work. Its only a sphere thus far, so there will be other plans relative to how to leverage the MyDay experience.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Mishan with KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Matt Mishan: Good afternoon and thank you for taking my questions. Bob, first on CooperVision, I just want to better understand the sequential improvement in growth this quarter versus the previous several quarters, is it your sense of the impact of the Johnson & Johnson launch has now fully waned or is there something that you have been doing to improve your results and to improve share? Im just trying to get a sense of whether or not this is Johnson & Johnson or this is you guys doing something?
Bob Weiss: So I think its a combination. I think the air that left the room is now back in the room of the eye care professional, he has room for products and so its more normalized in that sense, and thats obvious from the weak numbers that J&J put up domestically and now Alcon put up numbers worldwide. We relative to our products I think I will make a point in saying that our numbers that we put up is not a function of any pricing or anything to do with channel fill. So its a good quarter. The inventory on hand at distributors and the pipeline is very normalized, in fact its a little less than it was at the beginning of the period. So its a reflection of pretty solid numbers around the world.
Operator: Our next question comes the line of Brian Weinstein with William Blair. Your line is now open.
Brian Weinstein: Hey, guys, thanks for taking the question. Its a little bit of a longer question. But can you talk about what you expect longer term in terms of the split between Clariti and MyDay, and kind of what you think your share longer term is there? And then how do you think about manufacturing - manufacturer pricing levels in the daily silicon hydrogel market longer term? Thanks.
Bob Weiss: So I think the split between Clariti and MyDay, its easier to relate in the US. The US is going to be primarily where Clariti is after the mass market and MyDay is after the premium market. I would have normally said - think of that as like a three - 75% mass market, 25% premium market. And I think thats the US portion of the model. I think when you get into certain regions in the world, example Japan, where only MyDay is playing then - so if youre factoring that into the overall global results, you will end up what MyDay outgrowing because its coming off of a lower base and its just getting into Japan at least for the foreseeable future outgrowing as a percent getting more of its share of the bucket. So instead of saying 75-25, MyDay may move up that spectrum and get a higher portion in the interim. When Clariti is available throughout Asia-Pac and around the world that may come back more into the mass market premium split. But for now, one point is we are not capacity constraint on either of these products. We will continue in the case of MyDay expanding the portfolio offering. So that will help. Right now, with Sphere competing with Clariti, which has a Sphere, a multifocal and a toric and that will weigh more towards the Clariti piece. Relative to margins, we will continue to focus in from a pricing point of view being keenly aware of that two tiered market, the premium market, which we will call the players there as in the US clearly Total1, Oasis and MyDay and TruEye is the other one thats kind of there in that space, but Oasis will consume more and more of TruEye. And in the mass market then Clariti remains the only game in town relative to a silicon hydrogel in the 1 day mass market. So then its a function of watching the migration of hydrogels into the silicon hydrogel space in that mass market arena. Cost of goods, gross margins, we expect - as we have indicated in the past to have our 1 day silicon hydrogel franchise and most notably Clariti, not a drag on our overall gross margin. For the next several years anyway, MyDay is ramping up the learning curve moving very nicely and I would say, the indicator of some of the idling and the indicator of us having enough MyDay capacity is just how well thats ramping up as it ramps up cost of goods come down to the yields and efficiencies. So we are very pleased with that and we expect more than - currently more than 50% out of MyDay as we get down the road a couple of years.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Roman with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
David Roman: Thank you, and good afternoon everyone. I was hoping you could just touch on in a little bit more detail, firstly the strength in Asia-Pacific, I think last quarter you had kind of said that your ramping capacity in Japan, that wouldnt be a significant contributor to much later part of the year and into the next fiscal year. But any other regions driving within Asia-Pac that you could call out? And then secondly, on the 6% to 8% pro forma guidance for CSI, that is quite a bit above where those end-markets I think are growing, so maybe you could just speak to the sustainability of that on a go-forward basis.
Bob Weiss: So relative to Asia-Pac, I would emphasize that the numbers you see are very little to do with MyDay. Its very early in the game, so it didnt - so the strength youre seeing there is just how well some of the geographic expansion is going, how well Japan is going ex-MyDay and then the MyDay launch. But it is not the driver of that 18%, which - and MyDay was only launched mid-March, so really its only got a month and a half in Japan in that period, in the quarter. Relative to what to expect in that region, we certainly expect continued robust numbers out of Asia-Pac for the foreseeable future. Number one, we are under-indexed; number two, we are delivering a lot of these new products, Clariti coming into more and more of Asia-Pac and of course MyDay, which we talked about. So we are pretty optimistic that we will see continued strength in that market. Relative to surgical and 6% to 8%, a lot of that growth is a reflection of, number one, the emphasis on really selling the product and the global realignment with the selling effort. We have some obviously even some good products in the surgical side that are driving organic growth there. The acquisitions we made are the expectation there, clearly is double-digit in many of those acquisitions. So we expect to drive a lot of the genetic testing and surround the IVF process so that we are the key player that the IVF centers are engaging with and we're pretty optimistic about that and obviously the last two quarters have indicated, its a pretty successful strategy. Going forward, the 6 to 8 reflects some of the more recent acquisitions having more organic topline growth potential than our historic legacy products within CooperSurgical.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Larry Biegelsen: Hey, Greg based on the guidance, is the second half implied CooperVision guidance, the midpoint about 5% and should we think about Q3 and Q4 as similar growth or would you expect Q4 to potentially be lower because the J&J launch in July? And Greg can you just tell us what the FX assumption is, it looks like you're assuming about for the year zero impact on EPS is that math right, what is it on sales and is there some conservatism in your FX assumptions right now, thanks for taking the questions guys.
Greg Matz:
$:
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Weinstein with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, this is Andrew in from Mike, thanks for taking the question. I have two questions, the first being product specific and the second regarding the market. So can you talk about, Bob, the slight design changes to the Clariti lens and what you're seeing in a way of market adoption with this design versus before the change?
Bob Weiss: Sure, you want to ask the second?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, I could ask the second. The second is around UPP, so the US market growth in the quarter was probably the lowest in a while I believe and I was just wondering whether or not this is a result of some pricing war thats going on within the market and just your general thoughts around UPP and how you think that might benefit you moving forward? Thanks.
Bob Weiss: Sure, product relative to the enhancements that we made to Clariti, I think youve seen the overall silicon hydrogel sale one-day numbers were 52% growth. So suffice it to say the enhancement as well as of course we had some activity in the fourth quarter regarding our integration process in Europe that caused some bumps then, but suffice it to say were running on all cylinders now with Clariti in the marketplace and the enhancement has certainly been beneficial in that process. As far as UPP and the market, 3% growth in the market is much as anything is probably much more influenced by the J&J cycle that they put the market through with a strong market two quarters ago. And that followed by basically a void in the US in this quarter. So we are not for that would be more normalized. The trailing four quarters is a much better gauge that is approaching 5% worldwide. Relative to the US and UPP and whether or not there is any pricing post UPP or a decline in pricing, I would say that certainly I know that some vendors may have or retailers may have altered J&J prices but by and large the market has continued to drive itself the way it has in the past, pricing is not really a factor it's all about trading up and shelf space and first fits and it remains that way. The focus on getting a new fit in the marketplace or where you have a new product, trying to get a conversion onto your products. There is a fair amount stickiness to most of these products, so I would say the real driver of your product doing well is the new fit arena is a big contributor. Pricing to me this market has traded up for 30 years and it continues to do a phenomenal job. And over that 30 years there has been but maybe one or two price skirmishes. UPP was a fairly shallow attempt at a marketing strategy that was obviously beneficial to the independent compared to the retailers whether or not it was worth anything can be continued to be debated, there is obviously a lot of emotion on both sides of the table on that in the marketplace. But if UPP went away tomorrow, it would not be the end of the world, if it stays where it is, it's okay also. So I don't see it as a material catalyst one way or the other in the marketplace.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Petrone with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Anthony Petrone: Thanks and good afternoon, maybe one for Bob on Japan and then one for Greg on margins. On Japan, can you maybe give us a recap of the size of the daily market in Japan and maybe where Cooper share is today and how MyDay can benefit that going forward? And then for Greg, just a quick one of margins, I believe the Ciba royalty does role off internationally toward the end of this year, I just want to confirm if that is the case and what you expect the margin benefit from that will be? Thanks.
Bob Weiss: Yes, the overall market in Japan is around $1.2 billion at the current exchange rate, would have been a lot bigger than that but obviously the yen kept sliding against the dollar for a number of years. Of that $1.2 billion basically two thirds, over 60% is in the one-day modality. And our share in that market is still very under-indexed in that market, so our overall market share worldwide this most recent quarter 23% worldwide, we are well in the mid-teens at best in Japan in that space.
Greg Matz: Anthony, this is Greg, so on the Ciba royalty it did role off within the quarter, we are not really providing any kind of color on the rate itself. Again, we talked about that over the last couple of years that we have obligations in not disclosing that rate and so from that perspective we probably can't share that.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from line of Jon Block with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Jon Block: Maybe first one Bob, just CBI was strong and one of the better results since 2014 but to be fair, if you go back then we were sort of hit after that with a series of quarters were there was inventory drawdown that went against the company. So, I just want to make sure and ask if you would sort of your level of confidence that this sell-in if you would in this particular quarter totaled the sellout and demand.
Bob Weiss: Yes, I think I mentioned a comment a while ago that relative to the quality of *was pricing or any pricing influencing or was pipeline influencing the answer is no, in fact our pipeline, the inventory on hand was slightly better than at the beginning of the period in both cases kind of where we wanted. So, the drawdown, the inventory drawdown or the pipeline is where we wanted.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Lichtman with Oppenheimer and Company. Your line is now open.
Steven Lichtman: Thank you. Hi guys, most of my questions have been answered, one follow-up on CSI. Bob, do you anticipate continuing to add to the portfolio through tuck-in M&A or you feeling that the portfolio is where you wanted to be at this point?
Bob Weiss: Well, we wont obviously get into a lot of color on what's in the pipeline but suffice it to say we are focused in on rounding out the portfolio in front of the IVF centers, it is a boutique area where there are little things out there to continue to buy up and so don't be surprised if we dont continue to have some acquisitions on a go-forward basis.
Operator: And that concludes today's question-and-answer session; I'd like to turn the call back to Bob Weiss for closing remarks.
Bob Weiss: Well, I want to thank everyone for joining us, hopefully everyone is excited about our quarterly results as we are pleased about them. Not only are we pleased where weve been but very optimistic about where were going as I think you would see from the guidance that Greg talked to. Yes, we have some short-term challenges with idle capacity, its a silver lining problem because it means that to some degree our capital requirements go on a go-forward basis will be somewhat less certainly than they have been in the past. So we look forward to updating you on our continued progress on our next quarterly call which is September 1 I believe. Thank you that concludes operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-03-04 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Kim Duncan - Vice President-Investor Relations Robert S. Weiss - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Gregory W. Matz - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Risk Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States) J.P. McKim - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) Chris T. Pasquale - JPMorgan Securities LLC Brian D. Weinstein - William Blair & Co. LLC Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Lawrence Keusch - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. David Harrison Roman - Goldman Sachs & Co. Matthew Mishan - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Anthony Charles Petrone - Jefferies LLC Jon Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Steve B. Willoughby - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Cooper Companies, Inc. Q1 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kim Duncan, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kim Duncan - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Cooper Companies' First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. I'm Kim Duncan, Vice President of Investor Relations; and giving prepared remarks on this call are Bob Weiss, Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Matz, Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market or regulatory conditions and integration of any acquisitions or their future (sic) [failure] to achieve anticipated benefits. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward-Looking Statements in today's earnings release and are described in our SEC filings including the Business section of Cooper's annual report on Form 10-K. These are publicly available and on request from the company's Investor Relations department. Now before I turn the call over to Bob, let me comment on the agenda for the call. Bob will begin by providing highlights on the quarter, followed by Greg who will then discuss the first quarter financial results. We will keep the formal presentation to roughly 30 minutes, then open the call for questions. We expect the call to last approximately one hour. We request that anyone asking questions, please limit yourself to one question. Should you have any additional questions, please call our investor line at 925-460-3663 or email ir@cooperco.com. As a reminder, this call is being webcast and a copy of the earnings release is available through the Investor Relations section of Cooper Companies' website. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Bob for his opening remarks.
Robert S. Weiss - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Kim, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter 2016 conference call. We're off to a good start this year and I'm optimistic about our performance as we move forward. Let me start by touching on three key items: First, I'm pleased to report our fiscal first quarter financial results were strong. On a consolidated basis, we reported $450 million in revenue and non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.83. We are raising our fiscal 2016 revenue and earnings guidance to reflect this out-performance and to incorporate updated currency rates. Second, CooperVision posted 4% constant currency revenue growth, which met expectations. As such, we are maintaining our 5% to 7% constant currency revenue guidance for CooperVision for the fiscal year. Third, CooperSurgical had a strong quarter posting revenue growth of 12% or 6% pro forma. This was especially impressive given non-GAAP operating margins expanded 400 basis points over Q1 of last year. As a result of this outperformance, we are raising CooperSurgical's full-year revenue guidance to 15% to 18% or 5% to 8% pro forma. I'll expand on these items as I walk through this quarter's performance, but suffice it to say I'm proud of where we stand and excited about the future. CooperVision reported Q1 revenues of $364 million, down 1% year over year, but up 4% in constant currency. The Americas were down 3% in constant currency due to the tough comp and aggressive promotional activity by Johnson & Johnson associated with their new daily silicone hydrogel product which we discussed last quarter. Going forward, we expect the Americas to return to more normal growth starting in the second quarter. Regarding EMEA, sales grew 8% in constant currency. This was despite the Sauflon integration disruptions we discussed on our last earnings call. These disruptions ended in Q1, but resulted in certain customer concessions that reduced results. EMEA growth was driven by a full family of silicone hydrogel products: Biofinity, clariti, MyDay and Avaira. We also had a strong quarter in Asia-Pacific, growing 12% in constant currency, and this growth was also driven by our family of silicone hydrogel products. We expect both these regions to continue performing well going forward. Within our specialty business, overall toric sales were up 4% year-over-year and multifocals were flat, both in constant currency. This was softer than in the prior quarters due to the Americas where  which is the largest region for these types of lenses. We remain a global leader in specialty lenses and expect sales to bounce back in Q2 as the Americas returns to growth. Looking at silicone hydrogel lenses, this family of products delivered a strong growth of 13% in constant currency. Biofinity and Avaira combined to grow 7% in constant currency, with the only weakness being seen in the Americas. And again, we expect the Americas to rebound in Q2. We remain under-indexed in the two-week and monthly silicone hydrogel space, with the market being roughly 77% silicone hydrogels and offset 72%, so we anticipate posting nice growth for many years to come. Regarding 1-Day silicone hydrogel lenses, sales of clariti and MyDay grew a solid 50% in constant currency. We remain very optimistic about these products and are committed to our growth strategy, which includes a two-tiered approach with clariti positioned as the mass market offering and MyDay as the premium offering. Remember the contact lens market is being driven by 1-Day growth, and we strongly believe we have the best product offering in the space as the only company with premium and mass market lenses including a full portfolio of 1-Day, sphere, toric and multifocal lenses. Regarding production on these products, MyDay is ramping up nicely. And we're selling everything we can make. Production is also going extremely well for clariti and we continue to expect clariti gross margins to be accretive to worldwide gross margins as we exit the fiscal year. Regarding Proclear, sales of this hydrogel product line were down 4% in constant currency driven by our continuing shift to silicones. Before moving to market data, let me finish with a comment on CooperVision's non-GAAP adjustment. As expected, we had around $23 million in charges this quarter, split roughly 60%-40% between manufacturing and operating expenses. With the majority of the Sauflon integration behind us, we expect this number to decline to under $10 million in Q2, with most of the charges in cost of goods associated with accelerated depreciation which relates to decisions we made last year. Now, let me comment on CooperVision's performance against the overall contact lens market. And remember, this information is on the last page of our earnings release. For calendar Q4, we continued taking market share, growing 6%, with the market up 4%. Regarding the market, the underlying story was J&J's strength due to a new product launch and easy comps while Alcon's business was soft against difficult comps. Regionally, CVI grew 9% in EMEA, with the market up 5%. In Asia-Pac, CooperVision grew 12%, with the market up 5%, and in the Americas, CooperVision grew 1%, with the market up 4%. If we look at the market on a modality basis, the single-use market continued driving growth, with CVI up 14% and the market up 12%. For non-silicone (8:41) use lenses, CVI grew 2% while the market declined 1%. And as you can see, our growth remains diverse and strong. For the full year, calendar year 2015, CooperVision grew 7% and the market grew 4%. Going forward, I expect the market to continue growing 4% to 6% over the next five years and most likely closer to 6%. The drivers will continue to be the shift to dailies' geographic expansion and expansion of the wearer base. We expect to continue taking market share, led by the strong silicone hydrogel portfolio. Moving to CooperSurgical, we reported Q1 revenues of $85 million, up 12% year-over-year or 6% pro forma. We made solid progress in our office and surgical business, growing 7%, and our fertility business growing 6%, both pro forma. These results are much stronger than our initial guidance and there are a number of ongoing activities which are driving this. First, we significantly increased our focus on sales during the fiscal fourth quarter of last year. This included existing products, new product launches and acquired products. This new emphasis was seen in our Q1 results and we believe it will continue through the year. Second, we are combining our office and surgical and fertility businesses, including transforming to a geographic sales focus. This is enabling us to cross-sell more effectively, which is especially beneficial with products such as our newly launched disposable hysteroscope EndoSee which sells to OB/GYN offices but also to fertility centers. This change will also allow us to better manage our infrastructure going forward and we'll reinvest those savings in sales and marketing to continue driving revenue growth. Third, as we continue to progress through the year, we'll be adding more sales personnel in underpenetrated areas and increasing our focus on high-growth areas such as genetic testing. We anticipate doing this while leveraging revenue growth to improve operating margins as we did in Q1. All in, CooperSurgical is clearly moving to a more aggressive and efficient business model with a life sciences look and feel. With respect to CooperSurgical's products, the office and surgical business comprises a diverse portfolio of roughly 600 products sold primarily to obstetricians and gynecologists. As I stated earlier, this product portfolio grew 7%, with strength in several key products. Within fertility, we grew 6% pro forma. Sales growth is still being negatively impacted by our strategic decision to exit low-margin, non-CSI-manufactured capital equipment. This will continue through Q2, but then become largely immaterial in Q3. Also within fertility, our genetic testing business is performing extremely well. We entered the lab services space with the acquisition of Reprogenetics last August, and it's proving a very nice strategic fit. Lastly, we added complementary IVF products in mid-December with the acquisition of Research Instruments. And we also acquired a small fertility microneedle company at the beginning of February which we expect to add roughly $1 million of revenue per quarter going forward. These deals are incorporated in our updated guidance. So overall, I'm very bullish on CooperSurgical. The passion and drive of our surgical team is extremely high and I'm really proud of their efforts and excited about our future. Now let me touch a little more on guidance. Our fiscal 2016 revenue guidance for CooperVision remains unchanged at 5% to 7% constant currency growth. We are raising our CooperSurgical revenue guidance to 5% to 8% pro forma growth or 15% to 18% on an as-reported basis. We're also raising our non-GAAP earnings per share guidance to $8 to $8.30, up 13% to 17% pro forma. For cash flow, we continue to expect around $300 million of adjusted free cash flow for fiscal 2016. In conclusion, we're continuing our successful strategy which we frequently articulated in the past. This includes: investing to take market share by expanding geographically, aggressively rolling out new products and investing in emerging markets. We do this while remaining focused on growing earnings per share and cash flow to deliver strong shareholder value. I'm pleased with our results and happy the issues we encountered in the fourth quarter, such as the European Sauflon integration activity, are behind us. I remain very optimistic about the underlying fundamentals of our businesses and I believe we are well positioned to deliver strong results for fiscal 2016 and beyond. With that, let me express my appreciation to our employees, our number one asset. Their hard work and dedication to creating value is the backbone of our success. And now I'll turn it over to Greg to cover our financial results.
Gregory W. Matz - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Risk Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks, Bob, and good afternoon, everyone. Bob provided an overall summary of our performance including a review of the market and our revenue picture. I'm going to focus on primarily our non-GAAP results for the quarter. For the reconciliation to GAAP numbers, please refer to our earnings release. Looking at gross margins, in Q1, the non-GAAP gross margin was 61.4% compared with 64.2% in the prior year. Factors which impacted our non-GAAP gross margins were a net unfavorable FX impact, with the favorable U.K.-based cost of goods sold impact more than offset by the unfavorable revenue impact. In addition, product mix was a negative as the sales weakness Bob mentioned in the Americas hurt our margins, as this region has the greatest amount of toric and multifocal lenses, along with being a strong Biofinity franchise. We expect gross margins to rebound in Q2. CooperVision, on a non-GAAP basis, reported gross margin of 60.9% versus 64.2% in Q1 of last year. The factors which impacted our non-GAAP gross margin were the unfavorable net FX impact as well as the product mix I just mentioned. CooperSurgical had non-GAAP gross margin of 63.6%, which compares to Q1 2015 of 64%. Strength in the OB/GYN and IVF product families were offset by the inclusion of our two recent acquisitions, Reprogenetics and Research Instruments, which have lower gross margins. Now looking at operating expenses, on a non-GAAP basis, SG&A decreased approximately 3% to $161.8 million or 36% of revenue, down from approximately 38% the prior year. The primary driver behind this was a reduction in G&A where we saw leverage in good management of expenses within the businesses. Now looking at R&D. In Q1, R&D, on a non-GAAP basis, was $14.8 million or 3.3% of revenue, down from 3.6% in the prior year. We are seeing investment in CSI, offset by synergies from the Sauflon acquisition and CVI. Moving to operating margins, for Q1, consolidated GAAP operating income and margin were $57.4 million and 12.8% of revenue versus $73.1 million and 16.4% of revenue in Q1 last year. Non-GAAP operating income and margin were $99.4 million and 22.1% of revenue versus $102.6 million and 23% of revenue for the prior year. The difference in operating margin year over year is the reduction in gross margin we discussed, partially offset by operating expenses. In Q1, CooperVision's non-GAAP operating income and margin were $87.4 million and 24% of revenue versus $98.4 million and 26.6% of revenue in the prior year. CooperSurgical's non-GAAP operating income and margin were $22.8 million and 26.7% of revenue versus Q1 2015 of $17.5 million and 23.1% of revenue. Now looking at depreciation and amortization in Q1, depreciation was $37.3 million, up $8 million year over year, which includes $6.1 million of accelerated depreciation related to the Sauflon acquisition which we excluded in our non-GAAP numbers. Amortization was $16.2 million, up $2.6 million. The year-over-year amortization increase reflects recent acquisition activity. Interest expense was $5.3 million for the quarter, up $1.3 million year over year, primarily due to acquisitions and higher interest rates. Looking at the effective tax rate, in Q1, the non-GAAP effective tax rate was 3.9% versus a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 10.8% in Q1 2015. The year-over-year effective tax rate was favorably impacted by several items, including the release of reserves associated with a prior year tax filing which would normally have reversed in Q3 of 2017, as well as a reduction in the UK tax rate which was enacted in November. Also note, as we've mentioned before, the effective tax rate continues to be below the U.S. statutory rate as the majority of our income is earned in foreign jurisdictions with lower taxes or lower tax rates. Our earnings per share, our Q1 earnings per share on a GAAP basis and a non-GAAP basis was $1.05 and $1.83 respectively versus $1.25 and $1.75 for GAAP and non-GAAP in the prior year. Non-GAAP EPS on a pro forma basis, which adjusts for currency and acquisitions, grew approximately 15% in the quarter. Looking at FX impact, the net currency impact on EPS year over year for Q1 was unfavorable by $0.18. This was $0.04 less than we guided as currencies were generally favorable to guidance rates. Looking at the balance sheet and liquidity, in Q1, we had cash provided by operations of $89.5 million, less capital expenditures of $45.1 million, resulting in $44.4 million of free cash flow. Excluding integration costs of $12.3 million, adjusted free cash flow was $56.7 million. Total debt increased within the quarter by $28.1 million to $1.377 billion primarily due to acquisitions, partially offset by operational cash flow generation. Inventories increased approximately $11.2 million to $430.9 million from last quarter, primarily due to an increase in daily lenses for CooperVision and an increase due to acquisitions for CooperSurgical. For the quarter, we are seeing months on hand at 6.9 months. DSO is at 57 days, which is consistent with the prior quarter and last year. Before I get into guidance, let me comment on our senior credit facilities which we mentioned in our earnings release under Other. We entered the bank market a couple of months ago to refinance our $1 billion revolver and raise a small term loan. We priced these facilities as investment grade and were pleasantly surprised at the demand. As such, we closed a five-year replacement of our $1 billion revolver and a new five-year, $830 million term loan. We used the term loan proceeds to repay certain existing indebtedness and will be reducing our $700 million term loan which matures in August of 2017. Overall, this activity is positive as it extends the life of our facilities at favorable terms and conditions, while providing additional flexibility through greater capacity. The financial impact we're expecting is for interest expense to be higher by roughly $1 million per quarter going forward. As Bob mentioned, this is offset by the higher operating income being generated by CooperSurgical. Now turning to guidance, foreign exchange rates have been very volatile and can have a large impact on our results. For guidance on our main currencies, we are using $1.07 for the euro, $1.15 for the yen, and $1.38 for the pound. With our rate assumptions, we're expecting a negative impact to full-year 2016 revenues of approximately $58 million and an unfavorable $0.41 impact to full-year 2016 EPS. Given Q1 was a negative $22 million in revenues and $0.18 on EPS, we are looking at a negative $36 million in revenue or $0.23 for Q2 to Q4, with more than negative impact in Q2 and Q3. The negative revenue impact of $58 million is unchanged from our December guidance, which may be surprising. The positive moves from several currencies, including the euro and the yen, are offset by the negative move in the pound, along with a few other currencies like the Russian ruble and the Brazilian real. Having said this, the earnings per share impact is less negative as the pound is helping COGS in the back half of the year and positive moves in currencies like the yen are having a positive flow-through impact to our operating income. For 2016 guidance, the revenue range for the company is $1.865 billion to $1.905 billion or approximately 5% to 7% pro forma growth. CooperVision's revenue range is $1.51 billion to $1.54 billion or 5% to 7% constant currency growth. CooperSurgical's revenue range is $355 million to $365 million or 5% to 8% pro forma growth. We expect non-GAAP gross margin to be around 64% for the year. OpEx is expected to be around 40%. Operating margin is expected to be around 24%. Interest expense is expected to be around $24 million. Our effective tax rate is expected to be around 8%. Our expected share count will be around 49.2 million shares. Our non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $8 to $8.30, which equates to a pro forma EPS of 13% to 17% growth. CapEx is expected to be around $200 million. Adjusted free cash flow is expected to be around $300 million. With that, let me turn it back to Kim for the Q&A session.
Kim Duncan - Vice President-Investor Relations: Operator, we're ready to take some questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch of BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you very much. I have two questions. The first one is what did you give for the year-over-year growth of silicone hydrogels? And can you help break out how your daily silicone hydrogels are doing?
Robert S. Weiss - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, Joanne, two things. Our year-over-year growth for silicone hydrogel was 13%. So, the entire family of four, Biofinity, Avaira, clariti and MyDay. For the 1-Day silicone hydrogels, it was 50% constant currency year over year.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you. And are you planning on launching any next-generation types of products beyond clariti and MyDay? I mean, I've been hearing about next-gen Biofinity, for example.
Robert S. Weiss - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Let's just say that our focus is on obviously the two that we're in the middle of, which is clariti and MyDay. There will be enhancements along the way of many of our families of products. There will be extended ranges of the families. And so, suffice it to say, you can call those future generation upgrades, if you will.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Matt O'Brien of Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
J.P. McKim - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Hi, everyone. This is actually J.P. in for Matt. Thanks for taking the question. I want to just on  I'm trying to dig into what changed in your core EPS for the full year. The $8 to $8.30, when I back out the $0.17 from FX reduction, plus the $0.30 beat in the quarter, is there anything changing in the core business or is that kind of flat from an EPS standpoint?
Robert S. Weiss - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, we had a $0.26 beat for the quarter of which $0.04 was foreign exchange compared to guidance or $0.22. And for the back nine months, we improved it $0.15 in aggregate, $0.14 of which was foreign exchange and $0.01  did I get it? It's actually...
Gregory W. Matz - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Risk Officer & Senior Vice President: It's $0.13 and...
Robert S. Weiss - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: $0.14 in aggregate, of which $0.13 is foreign exchange and $0.01 is basically improvement in operations.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Chris Pasquale of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Chris T. Pasquale - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. Bob, I wanted to circle back on your comments about the slower growth in torics and multifocals. I get that the U.S. is the biggest market for those products and you're facing some competitive headwinds there. But the new competitive launches are primarily spheres, if I'm not mistaken. So if you could talk a little bit more about what's causing the slowdown in specialty lenses and how you reverse that.
Robert S. Weiss - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, the slowdown is really a function not of what's getting an eye. It's year-over-year tough comps, which is U.S. dominant, if you will. We had 11% growth a year ago, and so it's against that tough comp. Since the U.S. is so weighted to specialty lenses compared to outside the U.S., yet shows up as what appears to be a deceleration of the growth of the lenses in our specialty area, torics and multifocals. Our expectation, as we indicated several times, is that the comps are easier post the first quarter, so we expect to return to a more normalized growth rate which is built into our revenue guidance, and certainly that would impact specially  heavily because of its U.S. orientation. And it will also impact our gross margin going forward since specialty lenses carry a higher gross margin percent.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Brian Weinstein of William Blair. Your line is now open.
Brian D. Weinstein - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. It sounds like you guys are selling everything you can on MyDay, but where are you guys sort of building out the capacity for that? It would seem to me that if demand is strong for that that you're going be looking to aggressively build out the capacity of a similar product. But I don't think I heard anything on the call about where you are on that capacity build. Thanks.
Robert S. Weiss - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: As of today, we're still capacity-constrained with MyDay. We are rolling out shortly into Japan. We are ramping up very nicely, we're happy with that. And suffice it to say that within the next year, we will expect to say we are no longer capacity-constrained even on MyDay.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson of Robert Baird. Your line is now open.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you. Good evening, guys. Maybe two questions, Bob, for you. Can you quantify at all the customer payouts in Europe, if CVI was 4% constant currency growth, what would have been ex those, I believe, were contra-revenue payments? And then also, you mentioned clariti gross margins exiting the year accretive to companywide. I think last call, you just talked about maybe going from the low-50%s to the low-60%s. My definition of accretive to gross margin would be kind of closer to 62%, 63%. Is that kind of a fair range of where you think those clariti gross margins go exiting the year?
Robert S. Weiss - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So on the first item, we're not going to get into the specifics of what concessions we made that impacted revenue. But suffice it to say, Europe put up reasonably respectful numbers as in  the growth area at 8% constant currency. So that probably will allow you to gauge it a little. From the point of view of clariti being accretive, our intent is consistent with what your assessment is that it would not be a drag on our overall gross margin going into the acquisition of clariti, and that would be, yes, north of that 62%-63% range that you assessed.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Larry Keusch of Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Lawrence Keusch - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thank you. Just two quick ones. Bob, I think you mentioned roughly $200 million of CapEx spending for the year. Again, just coming back to an earlier question around MyDay, is there a scenario where you might decide to step that up a little bit to, again, improve your ability to supply MyDay? And then the second question is, UPP continues to hang around. If that goes away, what would your expectations be for the market and the way Cooper's positioned?
Robert S. Weiss - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, as far as could we do anything to accelerate the MyDay rollout by expanding our CapEx requirements, there are long lead times with MyDay. So we've already put in place all the bells  all the orders, so to speak, and requirements to get that ramped up to where we need to. That's already in the works and built into our forecasted CapEx numbers. And things, as I indicated, are going very well to plan in that arena. Relative to UPP, if it went away  or Unilateral Pricing Policy, if it went away tomorrow, I'm not sure there'd be much of a significant impact on the industry or the competitive landscape. Suffice it to say I think many independent eye care practitioners have figured out that there are workarounds out there to UPP. And maybe it's not all that it was cracked up to be when it first came out as a novel new idea. So as long as the eye care practitioners are being taken care of relative to servicing those that write the script, I think nothing major will have changed. And life would go on if it went away, and I'd applaud that if it happened actually.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of David Roman of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
David Harrison Roman - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you, and good evening, everybody. I wanted just to start back on the competitive dynamic. You talked about in your prepared remarks some of the traction J&J has gained, but right now, it does look like the other large competitor is facing some fairly significant headwind. Could you maybe give us some perspective on how you expect the landscape to unfold as we pace through 2016 particularly as Alcon undertakes the sort of market recovery plan?
Robert S. Weiss - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You're correct. The competitive landscape is pretty jumpy right now, if you will, a lot of changes within all of the competitors, if you will. Alcon's undergoing a major restructuring within Novartis, and they're pulling things out of what we used to call Alcon and will probably be in the future won't  I don't know how they'll deal with the names. But that certainly is not a handicap to us. J&J's going through another assignment of executives in some of their key areas, which is kind of a training ground for J&J in the contact lens space. So there is a change there. They of course have put a lot of muscle, or the executive that was transitioning out put a lot of muscle over the last two months  the last two quarters in rolling out OASYS 1-Day. And other thoughts are in the works there. We like change in that sense. We like some of what J&J did by way of trying to accelerate the death, if you will, of the two-week space in the U.S., which they happen to own well north of 80% of. So anytime they put their own franchise in play, I think all the competitors like that. And whether it goes into what the so-called one-week, so-called 1-Day or to go into the one-month, that's putting it all in play, that's fine from our perspective. So, we still think we're the one to be caught up with relative to complete portfolio of silicone hydrogel 1-Day at both the mass market and having a silicone hydrogel entry into the 1-Day premium market. So we think we have the best deck of cards or hand of cards, if you will, and like the way the industry continues to perform in good times and in bad times. So, the growth of the industry is there. Everything we've said about the trading up into 1-Day as the driver of the industry, the fact that it's 4X to 6X or 400% to 600% more revenue for the same patient, all of that is continuing to come about.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Matthew Mishan of KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Matthew Mishan - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good evening and thanks for taking my questions. I got two real quick. First, I was hoping you could talk about some of the Cooper-specific things that you're doing in the Americas in response to J&J and their resurgence that give us more confidence in a return to growth for you guys. And then just secondly an update on where you're at with the MyDay launch in Japan.
Robert S. Weiss - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, first on what Cooper's doing. Cooper is continuing to execute its plan, which was to roll out MyDay as a premium 1-Day silicone hydrogel and clariti as a mass market 1-Day silicone hydrogel, with a complete family of toric, multifocal and sphere. Nothing is changing by way of our focus on executing that strategy. We still believe that silicone hydrogel belongs in the 1-Day space. And therefore, the fact that 77% of the non-1-Day space is already silicone hydrogel, we still believe we have the right product portfolio in the right space, and it will convert into silicone hydrogels as we go forward. And nothing in any of the numbers we're looking at by ways of the growth of the 1-Day market or the growth of silicone hydrogels causes us to take pause in that view. The fact that J&J put up robust numbers, yes, they came out with a new product and yes, they distributed it widely and deeply. They had very easy comps from the prior year, so some of that growth is anomalous. And you may recall, in the prior year, they were going through that transition where they were the only one that did adopt UPP or Unilateral Pricing Policy for not only new products wherein we were dedicating a lot of time to the eye care professional to learn the new products, they decided to do it for the products they've had in the marketplace for 10 years. So there was nothing new about it. There was no reason to think that the eye care professional had to dedicate a whole bunch of new time to learn the new technology. But it was easy comps. So nothing changes from the point of view of our expectation. As I pointed out, we had very tough comps in the first quarter. We do not have those same tough comps in the second quarter, third quarter and fourth quarter. So, our focus remains on execution. As far as MyDay in Japan, we are rolling it out literally this month, which is March. And we're not doing, because of capacity limitations, anything like the J&J, OASYS 1-Day rollout where they hit everyone all over. So it will be a much more orderly rollout that I wouldn't go crazy because of our capital limitations or our capacity limitations on having high expectations for significantly moving the needle on the top line this fiscal year.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Anthony Petrone of Jefferies your line is now open.
Anthony Charles Petrone - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Two questions as well. Maybe, Bob, can you just review for us where silicone hydrogel daily as a category is today just from a market standpoint? And where do you think it can go over time? And then on the competitive front, there's been quite a bit of change going on at Valeant. I'm just wondering if you're seeing any changes in the presence of Bausch & Lomb in the marketplace due to these changes over the past six months or so. Thanks.
Robert S. Weiss - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Well, first of all, silicone hydrogel 1-Day today is around a little north of $600 million. It's north of 20% of the 1-Day category, which is about $3 billion, little north of that. We expect that $3 billion of a $7.4 billion industry, if you will, to move to about 50% of a $10 billion industry constant currency provisional between now and 2020. So of that $10 billion in 2020 at current exchange rates, we expect half of it to be or $5 billion to be in the 1-Day modality. And of that $5 billion, a lot more than 20%, suffice it to say, your barometer is someplace between that 20% which is rapidly going higher, and the 77% that is in the non-1-Day modality, it will be someplace in the middle. And one could easily take the middle of it and say about 50% of the $5 billion which is 50% of the $10 billion is not a bad gauge for 2020.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jon Block of Stifel. Your line is now open.
Jon Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks. Good afternoon. Let me just try to get in two upfront. First, can you elaborate, Bob, a little bit more on the Biofinity and Avaira? I think it was up 7% year-over-year in the quarter. It seems like a decent stepdown from the recent run rate. Is there some inventory fluctuations there? And then second, I know you guys want to sort of stay away from a specific 2016 SiHy number, but are you still in the same expectation that SiHy daily accelerates from sort of that mid-40% pro forma constant currency that you did in 2015. In other words, can you maintain this 50%-ish SiHy daily growth throughout 2016? Thanks, guys.
Robert S. Weiss - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Right. I'll do the latter one first. The expectation on the SiHy daily is as you indicated, we expect higher growth in 2016 than 2015 and 2015 was mid-40%s. And this last quarter, in constant currency was 50%. So that we expect to hold  equal that or exceed it if you were going forward or at least exceed the 45% of last year for the entire fiscal year. So nothing has changed in our expectation on that and the rollout there. Relative to Biofinity and Avaira which dropped below double-digit for the first time in I think ever, at 7%, that 7% is basically anomalous relative to its concentration in  particularly Avaira's primarily a U.S. product and so that concentration in the Americas weights that down and we expect that to normalize going forward and be double-digit.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby of Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Steve B. Willoughby - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Hi, guys. Can you hear me okay?
Robert S. Weiss - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I can hear you fine, Steve.
Steve B. Willoughby - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. Hey, Bob. Bob, regarding the 1-Day silicone hydrogel market that you were just describing and going  looking out a few years, I was wondering if you could talk about particularly in light of you guys continuing to add capacity there, kind of where MyDay margins are today? Where do you expect MyDay margins to be once you have capacity and it's up and running? And just kind of from a big picture (44:49) perspective it's my understanding that other people's 1-Day silicone hydrogels don't have all that great of margins either. And so if effectively a quarter of the market moves to 1-Day silicone hydrogels over the next four years or so, does that negatively impact the overall margin profile of the industry?
Robert S. Weiss - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So on where is MyDay today, we indicated we expected it to move into the 20%s. It is in the 20%s as a gross margin. We longer term expect it to move into the 50%s which is more the traditional 1-Day modality, if you will, gross margin. We  relative to if all of silicone hydrogel moved deeply into the 1-Day modality or as my model was, $2.5 billion out of $5 billion out of $10 billion, $10 billion being total, $5 billion being 1-Day, $2.5 billion being silicone hydrogel in 2020. If that were to happen, given where we are with clariti as a mass market high gross margin 1-Day silicone hydrogel, we think we would be a big enough player that it wouldn't put an undue drain on the entire industry. Having said that, there's no doubt that if we were comparing what the industry would be if it stayed and moved from two-week and 1-Day into the monthly modality, where margins would be going up, because by definition they're monthlies, compared to the 1-Day there's no doubt that a 1-Day modality is lower than a monthly modality. A two-week noncompliant market which defines or profiles the U.S. market, could only and should only do better no matter where it goes because a noncompliant two-week isn't an optimal gross margin. And the industry is focusing in on how to make compliance better and the best way do that is kill off the two-week, if you will.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Just, Bob, two quick clarifications and then one real question. So on the sales concessions, you expect to accelerate in the second quarter, so I know it was asked earlier, but if you could give us some sense of how much that depressed growth, it would obviously help us understand the underlying trends a little bit better. The second, just on Joanne's question.
Robert S. Weiss - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Larry, can you come back on? Larry, could you repeat that question?
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah.
Gregory W. Matz - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Risk Officer & Senior Vice President: You're a little hard to hear, Larry, a little light.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Sorry, guys. I'll try to speak up. The sales concessions, you're not giving us the number and how much it depressed sales in the quarter but it impacts our ability to understand the underlying trend. And I know you expect to improve in the second quarter. So if you would give that it'd be helpful. But anyway that was just a request. And then on Biofinity, Joanne asked about another new version. So just to be clear, you talked about extended ranges. So it sounds like you're not ready to come out with an aspheric version with UPP in 2016. And, sorry, guys. Just lastly for my real question; J&J, if they do come out with a monthly lens, Bob, how do you see that for Cooper? Obviously there's some rumors of that and we haven't confirmed it, but what would be the impact for Cooper if they came out with a monthly lens? Thanks for taking the questions, guys.
Robert S. Weiss - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: All right. On the concessions, we indicated we were not going to disclose that. We said the same thing on the fourth quarter call. I think what  other than me pointing you at the EMEA growth of 8% as being fairly robust, meaning the factors that hit gross margin and I think Greg touched upon them, are multiple. And concessions is one, but they're clearly foreign exchange and the lag on that is another. And quite frankly, the ramping up of MyDay while it's still in a lower gross margin categories, all factors. So no one is driving our gross margin of 61%. And I think we indicated we're expecting to be in around 64% by the end of the year to give you some indication where direction that will go. Relative to the new version Biofinity, I used the extended range as an example of things that we're doing, particularly in the area of torics where extended ranges, custom lenses matter. And one of Cooper's claims to fame and why we're so good in specialty lenses is, we're very capable of customizing lenses and addressing 100% of the audience instead of 80%. A lot of our competitors only worry about the bell curve, the 80%. So when we talk about making Biofinity even better, it's things like that. And whether or not we upgrade and add things that some of our competitors have done over the years when they have a product that's been around a long time, will there be some refreshing of different things? Perhaps, but we'll not go any further into that at this juncture. I was using the extended range because it is a broadening of the family and availability in the family. As far as J&J, if they move into the monthly, that will only further exacerbate the death of the two-week. So who's to say, they own north of 80% of the wearer base in the two-week space. They know better than anyone how noncompliant it is. And they know if they can move people from the two-week space to the monthly space and charge 30%, 40%, 50% or 60% for a monthly higher than a two-week noncompliant, they are much better off even if they don't get the  well, they have to get the lion's share, but even if they don't get it all as they put people in play. So net-net-net, we view J&J activity putting the two-week market in play as a plus for Cooper, as a plus for the industry.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference back to Bob Weiss for closing remarks.
Robert S. Weiss - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, thank you. I want to thank everyone for joining us today. I hope you're as excited as I am about our start to the New Year, and our outlook for the New Year. We look forward to updating you on our second quarter conference call which I believe is June 2. And in the interim, we'll be able to execute on a number of other things including the launch in Japan. So we'll update you more on the progress we're making there as well as continued expansion of MyDay and our success in the 1-Day silicone hydrogel space. So we look forward to updating you in early June. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-12-03 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Kim Duncan  Vice President, Investor Relations Bob Weiss  President and Chief Executive Officer Greg Matz  SVP, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Risk Officer
Analysts: Larry Keusch  Raymond James Chris Pasquale  JP Morgan Joanne Wuensch  BMO Capital Matt Mishan  KeyBanc Steve Willoughby  Cleveland Research Matthew OBrien  Piper Jaffray Larry Biegelsen  Wells Fargo Brian Weinstein  William Blair Anthony Petrone  Jefferies Jeff Johnson  Robert Baird Jon Block  Stifel
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Cooper Companies, Inc. Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kim Duncan, VP of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon. And welcome to The Cooper Companies fourth quarter and full year 2015 earnings conference call. Im Kim Duncan, Vice President of Investor Relations. And joining me on todays call are Bob Weiss, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Matz, Chief Financial Officer; and Al White, Chief Strategy Officer. Before we get started, Id like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market or regulatory conditions, and integration of any acquisitions or their failure to achieve anticipated benefits. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risk and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward-Looking Statements in todays earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including the business section of Coopers Annual Report on Form 10-K. These are publicly available and on request from the companys Investor Relations department. Now, before I turn the call over to Bob, let me comment on the agenda for the call. Bob will begin by providing highlights on the quarter, followed by Greg who will then discuss the fourth quarter and full year financial results. We will keep the formal presentation to roughly 30 minutes, and then open up the call for questions. We expect the call to last approximately one hour. We request that anyone asking questions, please limit yourself to one question. Should you have any additional questions, please call our investor line at 925-460-3663 or email ir@cooperco.com. As a reminder, this call is being webcast and a copy of the earnings release is available through the Investor Relations section of The Cooper Companies website. And with that, Ill turn the call over to Bob for his opening remarks.
Bob Weiss: Thank you, Kim, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the 2015 fiscal fourth quarter and full year conference call. For the full year we reported record revenue and non-GAAP earnings per share. We delivered on our objectives to gain share in the $7.3 billion contact lens industry and we delivered on our objective to generate over $200 million in cash flow. We also delivered on our goal of completing the vast majority of our Sauflon integration activity while continuing to push into 1 Day silicone hydrogel space with clariti and MyDay. I believe we have set the stage nicely for continuing market share gains combined with earnings and cash flow for many years to come. Now, let me touch on three items I want to highlight. First, fiscal fourth quarter was not as strong as we would have liked. We encountered unexpected integration disruptions in Europe along with a weak quarter in the United States. This resulted in slower than expected CooperVision growth including $39 million in daily silicone hydrogel sales, which came in below our expectations. We also experienced significant weakness in our contact lens solutions business.  Second, our goal has been to de-risk the Vision business by completing the vast majority of the Sauflon integration activity by the time of this call and weve done that both with manufacturing platforms in our operating infrastructure. Third, currency continues to be a significant headwind and this is reflected in our guidance. For fiscal 2013 we are forecasting $0.58 negative impact to earnings per share from currency. This may be larger than many of you expected, but remember that our currencies outside of the euro, the yen and the pound generated significant portion of our revenues and several of them have weakened significantly against the dollar over the past year. On a pro forma basis, were guiding to roughly 10% to 14% non-GAAP earnings per share growth. From a revenue perspective of guiding CooperVision to midpoint of 6% constant currency growth, in CooperSurgical to a midpoint of 2.5% pro forma growth. Ill expand on these as I walk through the quarter performance, but I want to confirm we remain optimistic about the underlying fundamentals of our business and we believe were well positioned to deliver solid results in fiscal 2016 and beyond. On a consolidated basis, Q4 revenues declined 3% year-over-year to $456 million in non-GAAP earnings per share or $2 per share up 18% pro forma. For a full year, perspective non-GAAP earnings per share were up 26% pro forma. Regarding revenue CooperVision reported revenues of $373 million down 3% year-over-year, but up 5% in constant currency and up 7% in constant currency excluding solutions. Although solid the results were negatively impacted by three items I mentioned earlier, so let me provide more color. First, consolidation of several Sauflon warehouses into the main European distribution facility resulted in unexpected issues, which reduced service levels from  of the second half of September through October and into November. We managed to ship a lot of product prior to the fiscal year end, but there were significant disruptions during the fourth quarter. Were shipping product at acceptable fulfillment levels, but it should be noted that some of the financial repercussions from this event will negatively impact Q1. These financial repercussions include customer concessions, which are make whole payments treated as a direct reduction in revenue. These cost have not and will not be excluded from operating  our operating results, as were not going to adjust revenue on a non-GAAP basis. Regarding the impact, revenues or earnings Im not going to estimate these numbers.  The second item relates to the U.S. where we had a unexpectedly weak October. Our momentum was good going into the month, so this is very frustrating; J&J released a new one day silicone hydrogel lens including a massive number of fitting sets with aggressive launch discounts, which negatively impacted us. To be fair as optimistic as we were about our daily portfolio the competition is definitely getting tougher and this is a good example.  Lastly, our contact lens solutions business was very weak this quarter down 36% in constant currency or roughly $8 million. As weve discussed in the past, the contact lens solution industry is experiencing significant pressure from the market move to 1 Day. Weve been streamlining our focus to strategic accounts as we expect the business to decline just not to this level. We expect the business will stabilize but likely continue to decline with the market.  Regarding our other areas of interest we had a strong quarter in Asia-Pacific growing 13% in constant currency. Im also happy to report. We didnt see any real channel movement this quarter and noise around UPP or Unilateral Pricing Policy seems to be quieting down as we wait for the court ruling on the Utah Law impacting UPP practices. Looking at silicones, our silicone hydrogel family of products delivered strong growth this quarter up 16% in constant currency to $212 million. Biofinity and Avaira combined to grow 11% in constant currency which was solid. We remain under indexed against the market in both the two-week and monthly silicone space with silicones representing roughly 78% of that market and us at 72%. So we anticipate continuing to grow our two-week and monthly silicones nicely for many years. Regarding one day silicone, sales of clariti and MyDay combined for $39 million in constant currency growth of 48%. For the full year one day silicone totaled $137 million or 45% pro forma growth. We remain very optimistic about our daily silicone hydrogel family of products and are 100% committed to our growth strategy, which includes a two-tiered approach with clariti positioned as our mass-market offering and MyDay as our premium offering. Remember, the contact lens market is being driven by 1 Day growth and we strongly believe we have the best product offering in the space, as the only company with the premium in mass-market lens, including a full portfolio of one day sphere, toric, multifocal, silicone hydrogel lenses. Regarding clariti, manufacturing remains in excellent shape to meet the demand of 2016. From a launch perspective, were in good shape in Europe and the product continues growing nicely. In the U.S. sales are ramping and we continue to aggressively launch the product.  Regarding MyDay, sales continue to ramp in Europe; and were successfully launching the product in the U.S. with very positive feedback. Regarding capacity, were continuing to sell everything we can make and were bringing on additional lines to help meet demand.  As anticipated, MyDay is fitting perfectly into the high-end segment of the silicone hydrogel market. Im also extremely pleased to announce that we have received regulatory approval for MyDay in Japan.  For competitive reasons, I wont provide details on the timing of our launch, but I do believe this is very nice positive for us in Japan is an extremely large daily market with roughly $750 million in annual sales. Our specialty business remained strong this quarter with torics up 8% and multifocal up 7%, both in constant currency. Were the global leader in specialty lenses and we are taking market share. Regarding Proclear, sales of the hydrogel product line were down 4% in constant currency, driven by softness in our non-daily Proclear product lines in sales modalities continue shifting to silicones. On a regional basis, the Americas were up 4% in constant currency, led by Biofinity, clariti and MyDay. Even with the integration disruption in Europe were 3% in constant currency or 8% excluding solutions. Meanwhile, Asia Pacific was up 13% in constant currency with strong growth in a number of markets.  Lastly our manufacturing activity, we made a number of decisions around rightsizing our platform of older hydrogel lines into a corresponding actions with, which included writing off certain lines in accelerating depreciation on others. From an accounting perspective, we expect to incur charges associated with these activities through fiscal 2013 and well highlight these items as they occur. This activity along with ramping up our new UK and Costa Rica manufacturing facilities is all on schedule. Now, let me comment on the overall contact lens market for calendar Q3 and remember most of this information is on the last page of our earnings release. We continue taking share with the market up 8% and CooperVision up 9%, the underlying story sure was the market strength spotted by J&J, which put up strong numbers rebounding from four extremely weak quarters. Given their historical comps, I expect them to post three more quarters of strong growth. So well see the overall market continue to appear robust, having said that, these higher market growth rates are not actual reflection of the market growth. Our market grew 4% on the trailing 12 month basis and I believe the true market growth is currently in the 4% to 6% range. Regionally, the Asia Pacific market was up 6% with CooperVision up 12%, EMEA was up 4% with CooperVision up 10%, and the Americas was up 11% with CooperVision up 6%. If we look at the market on a modality basis, the single used market continued to drive growth up 14%. As you can see our growth remains diverse and strong. Going forward I expect the market to grow 4% to 6% over the next five years and most likely closer to 6%. The drivers continue to be the shift in dailys geographic expansion and an expansion of the wear base. Pricing has been relatively flat but if we see increases, we would be able to hit 6% or even higher. And I believe well continue taking a market share led by Biofinity and our strong daily portfolio.  Moving to CooperSurgical, we have a lot of  weve made a lot of progress this quarter and becoming more bullish on the feature of this business. Our fertility business is returning to strength and we have several exciting product launches. On a pro forma basis. CooperSurgical declined 2%, but fertility was up 3% and I believe weve turned the corner in that business. We now have a full executive team in place, were finishing our work around rationalizing non-CooperSurgical manufactured capital equipment. We also acquired Reprogenetics in August and entered lab services business with IVF genetic testing. Our first quarter with the business was very successful, overall Im confident. That fertility business is going to drive a lot of growth in the coming years. Our medical device products, which are focused on office and surgical procedures declined, again this quarter down 5%. We made significant progress in this part of the business through just  with several products in the early launch stages. Im confident that our aggressive focus of these product launches will return this part of the business to positive growth in the very near future. Overall, I expect a much better year of CooperSurgical and I look forward to reporting on this business as it progresses. Now, let me look a little more at guidance. Our fiscal 2016 guidance for CooperVision [indiscernible] 7% constant currency growth. Our CooperSurgical is 1% to 4% pro forma growth. Regarding non-GAAP EPS, were guiding to pro forma growth of roughly 10% to 14%, which equates to a non-GAAP range of $7.60 to $7.90. We normally dont give quarterly guidance, but given the impact of currency on the first quarter. We were going to make an exception. Expect fiscal Q1 consolidated sales of $435 million to $447 million, with CooperVision posting revenues in the $356 million to $366 million range and CooperSurgical in the $79 million to $81 million range. Non-GAAP earnings per share guidance is a $1.52 to $1.62, which is approximately flat to up 5% pro forma. Regarding cash flow we expect around $300 million of adjusted free cash flow for fiscal 2016, which excludes acquisitions and integration expenses, CapEx will be high the first half of the year, but much lower in the back half. Now that the majority of the integration work is completed and the business is getting back to normal generating significant cash flow is incredibly important this year. From a longer term perspective, were updating our operating margin target to incorporate many successes. We believe we see over the coming years offset by the negative impact of foreign exchange. Were now forecasting operating margins to be 27% or higher in 2020. Regarding strategy we continue our successful strategy, which I have frequently articulated in the past. This strategy includes investing in our businesses to take market share by expanding geographically, aggressively rolling out new products and investing in emerging markets. We do all this while keenly focused on delivering solid earnings per share and cash flow, with the focus on delivering strong shareholder returns. Now, before I turn it over to Greg, let me make a few summary comments. Fiscal 2015 represented challenges, but Im proud of where we stand today. We could argue that we moved too fast integrating Sauflon with the vast majority of the work is behind us and our team is incredibly focused on delivering a strong year. We continue taking share even as competition in the contact lens industry has increased. Our portfolio of products is very strong, and we have an incredibly solid manufacturing base. I also strongly believe we will see CooperSurgical return to growth this year. All this should result in a solid 2016. With that, let me express my appreciation to our employees, our number one asset. Their hard work and dedication to creating value is the backbone of our success. And now, Ill turn it over to Greg to cover our financial results.
Greg Matz: Thanks, Bob, and good afternoon, everyone. Im going to focus primarily on our non-GAAP results for the quarter, for a reconciliation to GAAP numbers, please refer to our earnings release. Bob provided an overall summary of our performance, including a review of the market and our revenue picture. So let me start with gross margins. Looking at gross margins, in Q4 the non-GAAP gross margin was 63.9% compared with 63.2% in the prior year. Factors, which impacted our non-GAAP gross margins, were favorable FX impact to cost of goods sold, favorable manufacturing variances and product mix led by Biofinity. And these were offset by a negative FX of foreign currency impact to our revenues. Full year non-GAAP gross margin finished at 63.5%. CooperVision on a non-GAAP basis reported gross margin of 64.3% versus 62.8% in Q4 of last year. The year-over-year increase in non-GAAP gross margin was due to favorable FX on cost of goods sold manufacturing variances in mix, partially offset by unfavorable FX on revenues.  CooperSurgical had non-GAAP gross margin of 62.2%, which compares to Q4 2014 of 64.9%. The year-over-year decline in non-GAAP margin is due to the inclusion of Reprogenetics, which has a gross margin in the low 40s and other manufacturing costs.  Now looking at operating expenses, SG&A, on a non-GAAP basis, SG&A decreased approximately 2% to $166 million or 36% of revenue in line with the prior year. Looking at R&D, in Q4, R&D on a non-GAAP basis was $16 million or 3.5% of revenue down from 3.7% in the prior year. Looking at depreciation and amortization, in Q4, depreciation was $37 million, up $8.5 million year-over-year, which includes $6.5 million of accelerated depreciation related to the Sauflon acquisition, not included in our non-GAAP numbers. And amortization was $13.1 million, down $900,000. For the year amortization was $51.5 million and depreciation was $139.9 million including $22.7 million of accelerated depreciation excluded from non-GAAP numbers. Moving to operating margins, for Q4 consolidated GAAP operating income and margin were $42.3 million and 9.3% of revenue versus $39.4 million and 8.4% of revenue in Q4 last year. Non-GAAP operating income and margin were $109.2 million and 24% of revenue versus a $108.9 million and 23.3% of revenue for the prior year. For the fiscal year, non-GAAP operating income and margin were $414.5 million and 23.1% of revenue. In Q4, CooperVisions non-GAAP operating income and margin were $100.2 million and 26.8% of revenue versus $98 million and 25.4% of revenue in the prior year. CSIs non-GAAP operating income and margin were $20.8 million and 25.3% of revenue, which is Q4 2014 of $22.9 million, operating income at 27.8% of revenue. The primary reason for the year-over-year decline in operating income is due to reduction in gross margin. Interest expense was $4.8 million for the quarter, up $1.5 million year-over-year, primarily due to the acquisition of Sauflon and higher interest rates on our banking pricing grid. The total interest expense in fiscal 2015 was $18.1 million. Looking at the effective tax rate, in Q4, the non-GAAP effective tax rate was 4.3% versus a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 8.7% in Q4 2014. As weve mentioned before, the effective tax rate continues to be below the U.S. statutory rate, as the majority of our income is earned in foreign jurisdictions of lower tax rate. The effective tax rate was favorably impacted by lower income due to integration activities. The non-GAAP full year 2015 effective tax rate was 6.6%. Earnings per share, our Q4 earnings per share on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis was $0.75 and $2 respectively, versus $0.63 and $1.95 for GAAP and non-GAAP in the prior year. For the full year, on our EPS on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis was $4.14 and $7.44 respectively. Non-GAAP EPS on a pro forma basis, which is just for constant currency, grew approximately 18% in the quarter and 26% for the year. During Q4, we repurchased approximately 368,000 shares with an average share value of a $139.60 per share, for a total cost of $51.3 million. This leaves approximately $118 available for future share repurchases under the current approved plan. Looking at FX, the net currency impact on earnings per share year-over-year for Q4 was unfavorable by $0.31. The total impact for the year was a $1.76. From a revenue perspective the impact was a reduction of $35 million for Q4 and $153 million for the fiscal year. Looking at the balance sheet, in Q4 we had cash provided by operations of a $104.5 million plus capital expenditures of $58.3 million, resulting in $46.2 million of free cash flow. Excluding integration costs of $14.7 million, adjusted free cash flow was $60.9 million. Total debt increased within the quarter by $42.1 million to $1.350 billion primarily due to the acquisition of Reprogenetics and share repurchases, which were offset by operational cash flow generation are partially offset. Looking at inventories, they increased approximately $13.7 million to $419.7 from last quarter due to an increase in daily lenses. For the quarter, we are seeing 7.5 months on hand, adjusted to exclude inventory and equipment rationalization charges and facility startup costs up from 6.6 months last year and seven adjusted months on hand last year. Were expecting this to trend down over 2016. Day sales outstanding was at 57 days which is up from 55 days in the prior quarter, up from 53 days last year. Were also expecting DSO to trend down to more customary levels over 2016. Now, turning to guidance. In order to provide a little more color for your models, I will share some specifics on fiscal 2016 and Q1 2016 non-GAAP guidance. We will continue to incur some Sauflon integration cost as we wrap up the integration work. But it will be much smaller than 2015 and mostly in cost of goods sold after Q1. Regarding foreign exchange, the rates for our main currencies are 1.05 for the euro, 123 for the yen, 1.5 for the pound. With these current rates, were expecting a negative year-over-year impact to revenue of approximately $58 million and an unfavorable $0.58 impact on 2016 earnings per share. When looking at the euro, yen and pound, these currencies makeup approximately 75% of our total foreign denominator revenue, which equates to about 40% of our total worldwide revenue. These currencies have an estimated $0.35 impact in 2016 EPS. The remaining currencies have weakened considerably year-over-year and now comprise approximately $0.23 of the negative impact in 2016.  For 2016 guidance, the revenue range for the company is $1.834 billion to $1.874 billion, or approximately 4% to 7% pro forma growth. CooperVisions revenue range is $1.509 billion to $1.539 billion, or 5% to 7% constant currency growth. CooperSurgicals revenue range is $325 million to $335 million, or 1% to 4% pro forma growth. We expect non-GAAP gross margins to be around 64% with Q1 being a little later aggressively improving over the year. OpEx is expected to be around 40%. Operating margin is expected to be around 24%. Interest expense is expected to be around $21 million.  Our effective tax rate is expected to be around 9%. This is higher than 2015, which benefited from some higher discrete releases and integration charges more than we would be experiencing in 2016. Our expected share count would be around 49.2 million shares. Our non-GAAP earnings per share is expected to be in the range is $7.60 to $7.90, which equates to pro forma earnings per share of 10% to 14% growth. CapEx expected to be around $200 million, adjusted free cash flow is expected to be around $300 million.  For Q1 2016 guidance, couple of points, the revenue range for the company is $435 million to $447 million or 2% to 5% pro forma growth. CooperVision's revenue range is $356 million to $366 million or 3% to 5% constant currency growth. CooperSurgical revenue range is $79 million to $81 million or 1% to 3% pro forma growth. Non-GAAP earnings per share range is $1.52 to $1.62 or 0% to 5% pro forma growth. With that let me turn it back to Kim for the Q&A session.
Kim Duncan: Operator, were ready to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Larry Keusch with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Larry Keusch: Thanks. So, Bob, the 5% to 7% growth for CVI for fiscal 2016 maybe you could talk a little bit about how you think that will compare relative to the market growth. And it would seem to me that that would actually be less than you guys have done in the past again relative to the market. So maybe talk about in that answer just sort of the dynamics that you see within your business.
Bob Weiss: So, Larry, you're correct, it's less than we have guided particularly in 2015 and earlier in terms of a multiple. We're estimating the market will be 4% to 6%. So if one were to take the midpoint at five and then compare that to the midpoint of the CooperVision at six that would kind of frame it. In 2015, with a little bit of hindsight we were guiding closer to 3X the market. And the rationale for that was that the prior year we had grown at 2X the market we were bringing on clariti and the Sauflon acquisition and on a pro forma basis expected to accelerate growth. We did put up good numbers that on a quarterly basis, calendar year basis 8% two times the market, but to answer your question, were  you can compare the 6% midpoint to the 5% midpoint as we look ahead to 2016.
Larry Keusch: And just any thoughts around single-use silicone hydrogels. How do you think about that for 2016?
Bob Weiss : Well, clearly the silicone hydrogel single-use market is exploding within the 1 Day market. The 1 Day market continues to drive the entire market growth. Once again, this year this would be I think at least for last four years in a row, the 1 Day market was the driver of the market. Having said that, there is as we know increasing activity in the space with J&J now introducing an Oasys one day silicone hydrogel lens more targeted to the premium space. So we continue to expect the expansion of the premium space, we also continue to expect that there will be swapping out of a hydrogel for silicone hydrogel most notably clariti going against Moist and Daily AquaComfort Plus. So that mass market hydrogel space we view clariti is still primed to make good headway there. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Pasquale with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Chris Pasquale: Yes, thanks. I just want to follow-up on the FY 2016 guidance and the 6% midpoint there for CVI and it seems like youve got a few things working in your favor as we go in to FY 2016. I understand you are coming off of a tough couple of quarters here, but you'll have a full year of clariti fully rolled out in the U.S., you are going to have a growing contribution from MyDay in the U.S. and now at least the partial year of MyDay in Japan.  So it seems like this actually sets up as an above trend year, you guys are not looking at it that way. Can you help us sort of reconcile that beyond the European distributor issues in 1Q? Are there other things that you view as sort of headwinds?
Bob Weiss : We have come off of a quarter with 7% and our fiscal quarter and obviously, there was a fair amount of things going our way. Then, we also were really taken back by October, which relative to how we were trending in August and then into September was noteworthy to us. So are we being  are we approaching it a little differently, perhaps, were making the statements that we will continue to gain market share or we gain more than were kind of laying out in this map, who knows. But if you look at our track record on revenue in 2015, we have four misses in four quarters. So we just dont think its prudent to be as bullish or whatever term you want to use in our forecasting in 2016.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch with BMO Capital. Your line is open.
Joanne Wuensch: Thank you and good evening. You listed that there are three forces that negatively impacted the quarter and it's rolling into your guidance next year. And is there any way to quantify how much each one of those hit you?
Bob Weiss: Were not going to get into quantifying those forces but in some cases it would be too speculative. But in terms of looking at 2016 Q1, we mentioned that part and parcel because of the disruption or because of disruption that occurred in Europe we are making some concessions and we clearly now can get into putting much color on that other than to say it's a direct hit on revenue. So that will have the impact of suppressing our underlying growth somewhat. And we will not be calling that out in the sense of traditional call out up since it is impacting the revenue line. So that is one factor that will impact top line growth albeit kind of one time from our perspective meaning going forward. We expect to have more robust delivery. Were at the point now, we are delivering in Europe. So, on a go forward basis, we feel pretty good about that. But it's still a roll into the first quarter.  The other things we talked about lens care, which had a pretty big impact in Europe on the quarter. And we expect that to moderate the overall industry, we do think we will be artificially inflated in 2016 with J&J having easy comps and really the one, the UPP story if you will.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Mishan with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Matt Mishan: Great, thank you for taking my questions. I got two, I wanted to squeeze two in here if I could. First, I guess I just wanted to try and understand a little bit, you cited that the competition is one of the reasons why the daily silicone hydrogels kind of fell off in at the end of the quarter. But you also said that MyDay was selling everything it could, which means it was particularly weak I guess in clariti and given that J&J Oasys is in the premium space versus clariti in the mass market space, if you were surprised that you saw that weakness as a result of that. And then the second question is Im just trying to get a sense with Sauflon, there was three pieces to it when you bought it, I think it was a $190 million sales and about $80 million of that was the clariti piece. Whats left of the other $110 million like what have you rationalized over the course of last year?
Bob Weiss: Well, obviously when we  to take your last question or comment. Of that $195 million, $200 million business that we bought, clearly the one that is captivating the growth is clariti. And clariti relative to this last quarter, while it missed our target still a combination of clariti and MyDay grew 48%. So that silicone hydrogel space, 48% constant currency is good. It obviously isnt as good as we cited and quite frankly, we didnt anticipate October going soft in the U.S. and a lot of that softness is a reflection of all the energies at J&J put into the marketplace literally flooding the marketplace. And that Stymied [ph] I think room for any other competitors to do as much as they normally would. As far as the non-one day clariti piece of that acquisition of Sauflon, yes, clearly lens care is dropping off and dropped off much more than we thought. Part of that was probably self inflicted with the disruption in Europe. And we think we have our distribution and pipeline if you will put back together. A lot of lens care happens in Europe. Thats where it's more strategically tied in with key accounts. And so we will continue to have of that available to those strategic accounts recognizing its not a growth area and its pretty clear that one day is a direct competitor of the lens care industry. But Im not going to get in to much more color on that and we look at that as a package clariti and MyDay is ramping up nice. Yes, its true down the road in 2016 we'll have availability of MyDay in Japan also which is a big one day market.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Steve Willoughby: Hi good evening and thanks for taking my questions. Bob, I have two for you. First just a follow up question to Larry Keusch's question. And I apologize if you did say this. Within the 5% to 7% CVI growth, how much are you assuming for one day silicone hydrogel revenue in total versus the I believe the $137 million or $139 million, you did this year?
Bob Weiss: I didn't quote it and were not going to get ourselves into what we did last year. We started off with a number and then we changed it one time and then finally came in at 136. Our focus is yes, that's going to be a growth area but were not going to put up the target we're shooting for.
Steve Willoughby: Okay and then secondly, I know a lot of times in the fourth quarter for companies they will look at potential impairment charges and I was wondering if that consideration has happened at all yet given the Sauflon business seeming to underperform both initial and most recently revised expectations.
Bob Weiss: So relative to Sauflon overall has done exceedingly well from what its done for the Company and what its done for the bottom line. Were it not for foreign exchange as I pointed out, we had 26% pro forma earnings per share growth. So great on the bottom line we grew 2X the market, great on the top line. It really is more about our  the targets we set than it was about the performance we delivered. In other words no one would be complaining today if we were to report basically $9.20 in earnings per share this past year, which is what we would have reported, as we had the same rates as we did in 2014.  No one would be complaining on that front. Theyd see the 26%, so we're actually jazzed about everything about the acquisition. Its done exceedingly well on many fronts and we've frequently talked about just how good the costs are coming down in the production cycle and how good the ramp up is. So from an impairment perspective nothing to talk about but having said that we did take rationalization charges we did make some decisions on which products stay and which products go or which platforms were accelerating and which ones were decelerating. And clearly, I think in Greg's commentary, was referenced to some of the non-recurring call outs that are part of that integration process we always anticipated.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matthew OBrien with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Matthew OBrien: Good afternoon. Thank you so much for taking the question. Just to follow-up a little bit more, Bob on the Daily side high softness in the quarter, you had as guided to $52 million to $57 million for Q4 midpoint is $55 million, you are $60 million short there. Im just  Im trying to tease out how much of that, whats the majority shortfall was in the quarter, was it the integration issue which seems transitory, or was it the Americas shortfall with J&J hitting the market. And the reason I ask that is thats supposed to be a big growth driver for you going forward can daily [indiscernible] grow double-digit teens or even 20% in 2016.
Bob Weiss: Well. I think weve put enough color on our outlook for 2016 to say were bullish that daily silicon hydrogels are doing well and probably will accelerate more, so than decelerate as a growth driver. And said another way it grew I think 46% this past year, the single use silicone hydrogels over the prior year and 48% this past quarter, so theres modest acceleration, but clearly not as much as we expected. When it comes to the topline shortfall, I would say its a combination of three factors, all of which are about one-third, one-third, one-third roughly. The U.S. and the discussion about the J&J rollout impacting the marketplace is about one-third, one-third have to deal with silicon hydrogel, Im sorry with lens care drop off we talked about a substantial drop off 36% in our lens care business in the fourth quarter. And then the third piece was some of the damage are residual fuel in Europe and the integration disruption. Those three are the composite of the $20-ish million drop off versus guidance, so about one-third, one-third, one-third. As far as outlook for silicone hydrogel one day, were bullish, but were not going to say that the were still bullish its going to drive our expectation, were going to go 3x the market as was the guidance with hindsight that we put up in 2015.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Larry Biegelsen: Hi, guys thanks for taking the question. Bob, on the last call you talked about August getting off to a strong start so can you help us out that the weakness in October, continue into November. And is there any plan to sell the solutions business and I do have a follow up on MyDay, if that's okay. Thanks.
Bob Weiss: Okay, well, you're right. August was a good month and things dropped off in October a lot, particularly in the U.S. and some of the problems we ran into in Europe exacerbated the most. We thought were in pretty good shape in early September, found out we weren't in as good shape as we thought by mid-September and had a bumpy ride with our integration if you will in Europe, from mid September until pretty much the end of November. Having said that, we had what we call a very respectable November that is built into our first quarter guidance, as well as our fiscal year guidance. And the fact that we now have our system back to where it belongs in terms of service to our customers, not that well always be happy where we are, but it's clearly back to where it was when we started the integration in Europe. So we're happy about that. As far as solutions, we spent a good chunk of time last year evaluating our options on the lens care business, would we be a buyer, would we be a seller, what would we do. And look at our lens care relative to how it ties in with the lens portfolio. And particularly key accounts thats concluded that we are a holder on it. We're not going to try it; we're certainly not going to invest in a big way. We are going to service our key accounts. And I might add it's a pretty efficient process particularly where you get into those areas in the world where there's a tie-in of lens and lens care and a direct-to-consumer and are number of countries where that is the case. So it's strategic albeit we're still trying to hamper its growth by succeeding in 1 Day. [indiscernible].
Larry Biegelsen: Thanks for that. On MyDay, the approval in Japan has obviously a positive development for you guys being the largest daily market in the world I believe. And so I'm trying to understand maybe the product  the MyDay production capacity as you go through 2016. The gross margin on that. I think youre supposed to end this year, I think in the mid-to-high teens, if Im not mistaken. So where do you expect to be as a margins for MyDay. Can you give us an update on the production capacity and I assume thats the reason you are just not launching right away in such a big market. Thanks for taking the questions.
Bob Weiss: Yes. MyDay is ramping up very nicely. I think I might have missed on the last call that we doubled our capacity between from six months earlier. So there is a nice ramp up and that ramp up translates to cost of goods coming down. So there is good improvement on gross margins, albeit we still have a long way to go and we have a lot of startup lines and any time we get into a startup line kind of take a step back with the startup cost. And by the way that is a continual  continuous drag on some of our gross margins, as we add new lines as opposed to cutting it off where we are. We do step back and put a little drag on our MyDay gross margin and our overall gross margin. Its just the way it is for now. But net - net were happy with the progress weve made on improving yields, yields obviously mean as you improve yields, its a 100% gross margin on that improvement, because if youre getting 20% or 30% more units of the same line. It costs you just as much instead of throwing them in the garbage can, youre getting to keep them.  So thats a very positive direction and adds to the throughput as well as bringing the cost down. But having said that, we are still capacity constrained and therefore, how and when we will approach. Japan is still to be determined in our mind in terms of sharpening the pencil and where we are going to go and how were going to go. And we are not going to get a lot more granular on our overall strategy with it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Weinstein with William Blair. Your line is open.
Brian Weinstein: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Ive heard you talk a lot about kind of what growth rates and what they are going to look like next year, but Im still not totally sure about how you guys strategically are prepared to respond to the tougher competitive market with J&J flooding the marketplace. What are the steps that you guys can proactively take or how does your strategy change to respond to what J&J is doing in the marketplace? 
Bob Weiss: Well. In some respects theyre helping us. I dont want to say its all bad news. Where J&J is coming into with Oasys one day, which again is silicone hydrogel lens going after primarily total launch they are trying to keep a wall between Oasys one day and Moist because they have too much to lose. So there are two separate markets. It's true that Oasys one day is in the same part as it is MyDay, but in the area MyDay we like our product, we think it can go ahead with total one, which is an excellent product. And so now there are three lenses fighting that battle there, we are still capacity constrained. So it will be a while before we're butting heads against what do we sell the next product we make we're not near that point at this juncture. Obviously have the alternative of go to Japan, with MyDay figures and will go to the U.S. although its kind of trade-offs. Relative to the other half of the part in the one day space for the big part of the market called the mass market. That is still moist and moist is what clariti is about the one thing that clariti has in the one day space and it's the only one that has half of it is a one day silicone hydrogel, toric, sphere, and multifocal. Well it's the only show in town and there  and we have an immensely favorable cost structure. So we're feeling real good about our ability to address the mass market. In the one day space with the silicone hydrogel products, you already know in the FRP market, the frequent replacement market, the two week market and the monthly market is 78% silicone hydrogel. Doctors suffered for 10 years from Johnson & Johnson, from Alpine, and from Bausch & Lomb how important our position, how important silicone hydrogel is. That story hasn't gone away. Nothing has changed, doctors just don't forget that oxygen is important because they are selling a one day lens. The fact of the matter is one day lens is worn for X. amount hours Id say 14 hours. A 30 day lens or a two week lens is what is worn for the same length of time. So there's no distinction whatsoever, between the importance of oxygen in the one day market or the two week market or the month end market. That may not be understood by many. But the doctors and the healthcare professionals get it and understand it.
Operator: Thank you our next question comes from the line Anthony Petrone with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Anthony Petrone: Great, thanks for taking the questions. A couple just on the overall U.S. [indiscernible] in the quarter and I guess specifically around multifocals and that was also lighter than expected. So with J&Js push is there sort of the halo effect beyond dailies into other modalities. That would be the first question. And the second question is just on the slower rollout of clariti and MyDay and totality. Does that have an impact on the 2016 operating margin outlook of 26% just given that those two are operating margin accretive. Thanks.
Bob Weiss: First of all, I think you said operating margin of 26%. Im looking at Greg right now.
Anthony Petrone: By fiscal 2018.
Bob Weiss: So 2018, Im sorry.
Anthony Petrone: The longer-term outlook.
Bob Weiss: Okay, got it, got it. In my commentary I mentioned that weve up to 26% to 27%, but thats five years out, 2020.
Anthony Petrone: Okay.
Bob Weiss: So were still directionally headed where we are headed on that front. Was there a halo effect with the J&J strategy? Absolutely. There was considerable tie in their marketing approach. And lets call it arm twisting on the marketing approach that clearly has some halo effect on some of their other products. So it was not only the pipeline sale in the one day silicone hydrogel space that was the event, but there was some pull even in the two week space, which is the space that is declining in total. As far as MyDay and clariti and that rollout, no, I dont think theres anything one way or the other that needs in terms of directionally our operating performance targets.  multifocal  Im sorry operator. Multifocals just to comment on that we had a reasonably good quarter on multifocal at 7% or 8%, I think it was and while its true that, that growth would have been better had we had a more robust U.S. and a more or less of disruption than we had in Europe, it would have resulted in better numbers in that area also. Go ahead, Operator. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert Baird. Your line is open.
Jeff Johnson: Hi, thanks guys. Good evening. Just couple of questions here for me. One, just Bob on the European integration issues, can you give us a little color there just kind of, I guess my sense would be Sauflon relatively small compared to your bigger operations. What is that that can trip you up so much that lasts a month and a half and shaves maybe seven days million in revenue often. And any color on the concessions that, I know you don't want to quantify and I'm not asking you to quantify and but why are you happened to give some revenue back to the customers themselves. What's that  what form is that taking?
Bob Weiss: Yes, plain and simple, if you integrate your products with key accounts and you're used to getting the product on time and particularly if it's direct-to-consumer and I'm talking about big change, the change in Europe or big part of what Europe is about. And all of a sudden you throw on that back order, and backlog it's not a pretty situation. So in some cases it directly interfaces with their customers. So rest assured we were fully appreciative to what the disruption meant to their franchise in their business. And took every step humanly possible to an including [indiscernible] as we could at it to fix it as soon as we could. Part of the complexity is when you shutdown bunch of locations that are throughout Europe in different countries put them in one country, you obviously put a burden on yourself to be able, let's say it we a Germany for example, and I shutdown Germany and integrate it to Belgium. And then I can't go to the customer and say I can get it to you two days later now because I did some for my benefit. So all that activity doesn't matter if it's the CooperVision products or the Sauflon products quite frankly they dont care, back orders to back order, the concessions are basically a reflection on dialogue with some of those customers as you go through how to reasonably address the wounds.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jon Block with Stifel. Your line is open.
Jon Block: Great, thanks guys. I'm going trying to slip in 1.5. I guess, just to start with the EPS guidance. You put out some parameters on EPS of low to mid-teen 2016 EPS growth last quarter. Now you look at it as sort of low to maybe mid single-digit growth, I get it, I mean FX hasnt incremental headwind Ive got maybe $0.35 to $0.40 but not the $0.80 that it implies. So Greg or Bob can you talk about what got so much worse on the operations relative to three months ago. And then the second question and has been a bunch of questions on market share, but you are guiding CVI of six, market of five so it implies call at 1.2x. In the past youve been around maybe 1.8x, just importantly Bob when you look at your portfolio of lenses is this a new normal 1.2 or when you look out should the share gains accelerate as you get through some of these issues in 2017 and beyond. Thank you.
Bob Weiss: First on the EPS guidance is the low-to-mid teens going to the 10 to 14. So we are still saying low single  low-double digit to teens in the 10 to 14. With respect I think youre saying your model does not get to the $0.58 in foreign exchange or rest assured and Greg could add to it here that $0.58 is what the implications are of the currencies moving forward from 2015 to where we are today on those exchange rates. Not only the pound, the yen, and the euro, but also the other currencies that Greg alluded to.  From a market share perspective, yes, youre right, Historically, weve grown more like 2x the market the last five, six years, seven years. And were moving the guidance if you will from 2x the market in 2015, fiscal year 2015 to 1.25. A little of that is the concessions not much.  A little of that is some of the disruption that is now occurring surrounding the J&J rollout in the U.S., a little of that is the disruption in the European either with the integration. And in fact of the matter is if we removed all those with the 1.25 guidance go way up from there. No, we probably still be guiding to 5 to 7 for us and 4 to 6 of the marketplace. Not because anything has changed and I think you heard me mention that, it could be that the market is at the higher end of that given the easy comps with competitors like J&J. But in fact that they have easy comps only means the market is a little bit more robust perhaps than it is underlying that and it doesnt change what we should get independent of that. 
Operator: Thank you. That concludes the Q&A session. Id like to turn the call back to Bob Weiss for closing remarks.
Bob Weiss: Well, I want to thank you everyone for joining us today. Obviously, I wish I had a lot more stellar things to say about this last quarter. But all of just reiterate we think we did a lot of things in the integration right, very optimistic about our way forward for not only 2016, but many years to come we think we have the right products and the right strategy. And we respect the competition not to diminish the work theyre doing. So we look forward to updating you, I believe March 3 is our next update and we're looking forward to it. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-09-03 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Kim Duncan - VP, Investor Relations Robert Weiss - President and Chief Executive Officer Greg Matz - SVP, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Risk Officer
Analysts: Lawrence Keusch - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. JP McKim - Piper Jaffray Matthew Mishan - KeyBanc Capital Markets Christpher Pasquale - JPMorgan Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets Brian Weinstein - William Blair & Company Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company Jonathan Block - Stifel Financial Corp. Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird Steven Lichtman - Oppenheimer & Co.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Cooper Companies, Inc. Q3 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays conference Kim Duncan, Vice President, Investor Relations. Maam, you may begin.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon. And welcome to The Cooper Companies third quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Im Kim Duncan, Vice President of Investor Relations. And joining me on todays call are Bob Weiss, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Matz, Chief Financial Officer; and Al White, Chief Strategy Officer. Before we get started, Id like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market or regulatory conditions, and integration of any acquisitions or their failure to achieve anticipated benefits. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward-Looking Statements in todays earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including the business section of Coopers Annual Report on Form 10-K. These are publicly available and on request from the companys Investor Relations department. Now, before I turn the call over to Bob, let me comment on the agenda for the call. Bob will begin by providing highlights on the quarter, followed by Greg who will then discuss the third quarter financial results. We will keep the formal presentation to roughly 30 minutes, and then open up the call for questions. We expect the call to last approximately 1 hour. We request that anyone asking questions, please limit yourself to one question. Should you have any additional questions, please call our investor line at 925-460-3663 or email ir@cooperco.com. As a reminder, this call is being webcast and a copy of the earnings release is available through the Investor Relations section of The Cooper Companies website. And with that, Ill turn the call over to Bob for his opening remarks.
Robert Weiss: Thank you, Kim, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the third quarter conference call. Let me start by highlighting three key points. First, we had another strong quarter in CooperVision and gained significant market share. For calendar Q2, we grew 9% against the market at 4%. Our market share gains were across-the-board including single-use and non-single-use lenses and in every geography, the Americas, EMEA and Asia-Pacific. Our momentum is very strong and we expect it to continue. Second, the rollout of our daily silicone hydrogel family of products comprising clariti and MyDay continues to do very well. Sales this quarter were $39 million and pro forma was 51%. clariti continues to do well as the mass-market offering, and MyDay is looking good as a premium offering. The only negatives we were seeing are a lack of pipeline fill and general sluggishness in the Americas market, which only grew 1% last calendar quarter, the slowest the Americas has grown in six years. This is leading us to be more conservative about our fourth quarter estimates. So were now forecasting daily silicone sales of $52 million to $57 million in the fourth quarter or $150 million to $155 million for the year. From a timing perspective, July was a good month and August was a good start to Q4. Third, CooperSurgical posted another tough quarter, down 4% in constant currency. Even with its recent challenges, I still believe strongly that the global womens healthcare market and its  in the global healthcare market and its long-term potential. As such, I have decided to increase our focus on womens healthcare by having Al White assume management of the business in addition to his current corporate responsibilities. With Als direct involvement our recent acquisition of Reprogenetics and the launch of several new products I see a much brighter fiscal 2016 for CooperSurgical. With Als change, Dan McBride will remain in his role, running CooperVision, while assuming additional responsibilities including CooperVisions business development and more involvement in our corporate activities including investor relations. I believe these changes will strengthen our organization and help us achieve our long-term objectives. Ill expand on these takeaways as I walk through the quarters performance. But I want to confirm, we remain very optimistic about the underlying fundamentals of our business and believe we are well positioned to deliver solid results going forward. On a consolidated basis, Q3 revenue grew 7% year-over-year to $462 million and non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.97. Regarding earnings, we were hurt by currency both within operations and below the line, but our tax rate came in better than we expected. So overall, the quarter met our expectations. CooperVision posted revenues of $386 million, up 10% year-over-year with pro forma growth of 7% or 8% excluding solutions. We had a strong quarter in Asia Pacific and EMEA, but the Americas were softer than we would have liked. I agree with some who have said recently that the market is being negatively impacted by channel inventory contraction in UPP or Unilateral Pricing Policy. This is in spite of our new fit data, which continues to be solid. For CooperVision, we didnt really see any channel inventory contraction, but we did experience  we did not experience any expansion either even with this success of our clariti product. Overall, this feels like an anomaly and we should see the market and CooperVision return to better growth, supported by a shift to daily silicone hydrogel lenses in the near future. Looking at silicones, our silicone hydrogel family of products delivered strong growth this quarter up 15% or 17% pro forma to $215 million. In addition to strong daily growth, our monthly Biofinity family grew 12%, and our Two-Week Avaira family grew 11%, both pro forma. We remain under indexed against the market in both the two-week and monthly silicone space and silicones represent roughly 77% of the market and for us 70%. So we anticipate growing our two-week and monthly silicones nicely for many years. Regarding one day silicone hydrogel, sales of clariti and MyDay combined were $39 million equating to pro forma growth of slightly over 50% for each, both was driven by our strong product portfolio, which includes the two-tier approach to the daily silicone market with clarity positioned as our mass-market offering and MyDay as our premium offering. Remember, the contact lens market is being driven by dailies growth and we strongly believe, we have the best product offering in the space, as the only company with premium in mass-market lenses, including a full portfolio of sphere, toric, and multifocal lenses. Regarding clariti, weve made great progress on our manufacturing build-out in our  in excellent shape to meet demand to the end of fiscal year and into next. From a launch perspective, were in good shape in Europe and that business continues to grow nicely. In the United States, weve made significant progress distributing fitting sets and were now aggressively selling product as opposed to dealing with the administrative task of getting fitting sets out to the doctors. Regarding MyDay, sales are still ramping in Europe and were beginning  weve begun selling lenses in the U.S. with very positive early feedback. Similar to Europe, our U.S. launch is on a branded and private label basis. Regarding capacity, were continuing to sell everything we can make and were bringing on additional lines to help meet the demand. As anticipated, MyDay is fitting perfectly into the high end segment of the daily silicone market in Europe and in the U.S. Our specialty business remained strong this quarter with torics up 7% and multifocals up 12%, both on a pro forma basis. We are the global market leader in specialty lenses and were taking market share. Regarding Proclear, sales of this hydrogel product line were down 1% pro forma, driven by softness in our daily  in our non-daily Proclear product lines. On a regional basis, the Americas were up 4% pro forma, led by Biofinity and clariti. Clariti was still very small in Q3, but we anticipate our U.S. growth will accelerate as we roll out  as the roll out progresses. Europe posted a solid quarter of 9% pro forma. I continue to be impressed by that team as theyre posting strong results, while completing the Sauflon integration activity. Meanwhile, Asia Pacific was up 12% pro forma with strong growth in the number of markets. Our Sauflon integration activity  on Sauflon integration activity, we integrated several Sauflon distribution centers this past quarter, and we are in good shape to finish all integration activity impacting operating expenses shortly. Regarding manufacturing activity, which includes start-up costs for our new Costa Rica and UK facility and rightsizing of certain manufacturing activity due to Sauflon, we anticipate finalizing remaining decision shortly. From an accounting perspective, we expect to incur certain charges associated with this work throughout fiscal 2016, and well highlight these items as they occur. Its worth noting there is nothing unexpected, just work that needs to be completed as we incorporate the manufacturing benefits were receiving from the Sauflon acquisition. Additionally, on manufacturing, remember that the clariti lines costs roughly one-third our equivalent lines, they are received in one-half the time, and they have better flexibility around shifting production from one product to another. A large reason for this is the material formulation which provides the ability to produce silicone lenses without alcohol. Well be incorporating these advantages into our manufacturing processes over time, and it will reduce CapEx while also yielding a lower cost per unit. We have also been successful in incorporating CooperVisions high-volume manufacturing expertise into Sauflons manufacturing base. I believe this will result CooperVisions gross margins strengthening in the back-half of next year as the manufacturing positives work their way through the P&L. In particular, I believe well see claritis gross margin be accretive to the companys gross margins as we exit 2016. Now, let me comment on the overall contact lens marketing in the calendar second quarter. Overall, the market was up 4% and CooperVision was up 9%. Asia-Pacific was up 11%, while CooperVision was up 16%. The Americas grew 1% with CooperVision up 8%, and in EMEA the market grew 2% and we grew 8%. If we look at the market on a modality basis, the single-use market continued to drive growth up 13%, while we grew 16%. Non single-use lenses declined 2%, while we grew 6%. As you can tell, our growth was strong and we continue taking market share in all regions of the world and in all modalities with our strong product portfolio. In general, when I look at the market, I expect it to grow 4% to 6% going forward. Having said that, the Americas has been a drag. As I mentioned earlier, there have been some commentary about channel inventory and the impact of UPP and Im not going to disagree with that. In spite of that, CooperVision numbers have been strong. But Im sure there is some negative impact from the market softness. Regarding UPP, as many of you are aware, theres a lot of illegal activity around UPP, so hopefully that gets resolved shortly and we get back to business as usual. Overall, the market should be fairly stable going forward with dailies continuing to be the growth driver. And needless to say, I believe well continue taking market share for the foreseeable future, led by Biofinity and our strong daily portfolio. Moving to CooperSurgical, this was a challenging quarter. On the fertility side, we continued making progress by growing disposable products and rationalizing lower margin capital equipment sales. Roughly, two-thirds of that business is outside the U.S., so currency clearly impacted results with fertility down 11%, but up 1% in constant currency. Meanwhile, our office and surgical business was down 6%. As we discussed on our last earnings call, the slowdown in certain products  or procedures in patient activity due to noise associated with mesh slings and morcellation is hurting the overall marketplace. Were not directly involved in these areas, but this is impacting patient visits and surgical activity, thus impacting several of our products. Based on this, I believe another challenging quarter in Q4, but I do believe this is a temporary matter. When you look at our current product launches, including the EndoSee Hysteroscope we acquired last year, our acquisition of Reprogenetics and now Als direct involvement, Im optimistic 2016 will be a much better year for CooperSurgical. Now, let me touch on guidance. Our expectations for the fiscal fourth quarter are for consolidated sales of $467 million to $484 million, including $385 million to $400 million for CooperVision, representing a 9% to 13% pro forma growth, and a $82 million to $84 million for CooperSurgical which includes $5 million from our recent acquisition of Reprogenetics. Were forecasting a strengthening in gross margins to around 64% and this supports non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.07 to $2.17. Greg will go through the details, but let me say our full-year constant currency non-GAAP guidance is 27% to 29% growth, which is very strong. Given we still  were still working through budgets and theres significant currency volatility, we wont be providing detail fiscal 2016 guidance until our October, Im sorry, our December earnings call. The only direction will give is that were targeting non-GAAP earnings per share growth in the low to mid-teens for next year. From a longer-term perspective, we are targeting operating margins over 26% in 2018. Regarding strategy, were continuing our successful strategy, which I frequently articulated in the past. This includes investing in our businesses to take market share by expanding geographically aggressively rolling our products and investing in emerging markets. We do all this while remaining keenly focused on delivering solid earnings per share and cash flow, and we remain focused on delivering strong shareholder returns. In summary, before I turn it over to Greg, let me say the remainder of the year should be a solid and 2016 should be a really good year for us. Our profit margins are solid. Our cash flow generation is strong, and I remain bullish on future. With that, let me express my appreciation to our employees, our number one asset. Their hard work and dedication to creating value is the backbone of our success. And now, Ill turn it over to Greg to cover the financial results.
Greg Matz: Thanks, Bob, and good afternoon, everyone. Bob provided an overall summary of our performance, including a review of the market and our revenue picture. So let me start with gross margins. Looking at gross margins, in Q3 the consolidated GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins were 59.1% and 62.4%, respectively, compared with 64.9% for GAAP and 65% non-GAAP in the prior year. The primary difference between GAAP and non-GAAP is related to product and equipment rationalization due to Sauflon acquisition and facility start-up costs directly attributable to our two new manufacturing facilities located in Costa Rica and the UK. Both of these facilities will be initially dedicated to our expansion of daily silicone manufacturing. The year-over-year decline in non-GAAP gross margins was driven by a significant negative FX impact to revenues, slightly offset by some favorable FX impact to cost of goods sold and product mix, led by Biofinity. CooperVision on a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis reported gross margins of 57.9% and 61.8%, respectively, versus 64.8% for GAAP and non-GAAP in Q3 of last year. The difference between GAAP and non-GAAP is largely related to product and equipment rationalization from a Sauflon acquisition and the facility start-up costs mentioned earlier. The year-over-year decline in non-GAAP gross margin was due primarily to FX, partially offset by product mix, led by Biofinity. CooperSurgical had GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins of 65.2% and 65.4%, respectively, which compares to Q3 2014 of 65.3% and 65.8% GAAP and non-GAAP, respectively. The difference between GAAP and non-GAAP relates to approximately a $160,000 of restructuring costs, the year-over-year decline in non-GAAP margin is mainly due to product mix. Now, looking at operating expenses, SG&A, on a GAAP basis, SG&A expenses increased by 19% from the prior year to $191.8 million, or approximately 42% of revenue, up from 37% in the prior year. On a non-GAAP basis, SG&A increased approximately 6% to $165.7 million, or 36% of revenue in line with the prior year. The difference between GAAP and non-GAAP was comprised of $17 million legal settlement with J&J and $9.1 million in charges largely related to integration of restructuring costs for the Sauflon acquisition. Now, looking at R&D. In Q3, R&D on a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis was $18.3 million and $16.4 million, respectively. The main difference between GAAP and non-GAAP was related to assets written off related to the Sauflon acquisition. On a non-GAAP basis, R&D was 3.5% of revenue, down from 3.7% in the prior year. Now, looking at depreciation and amortization. In Q3, depreciation was $41.4 million, up $15.7 million year-over-year, which includes $10.8 million of accelerated depreciation related to the Sauflon acquisition, not included in our non-GAAP numbers. And amortization was $12.5 million, up approximately $5.7 million, primarily due again to Sauflon acquisition. Moving to operating margins, for Q3 consolidated GAAP operating income and margin were $50.3 million and 10.9% of revenue versus $96.6 million and 22.3% revenue in Q3 last year. This drop was primarily due to integration related costs and increased amortization from the Sauflon acquisition, manufacturing facility startup costs, a J&J legal settlement, as well the negative impact of currency. Non-GAAP operating income and margin were $106.1 million and 23% of revenue versus $108.5 million and 25.1% of revenue for the prior year. The reduction in operating income and margin were driven by the reduction in gross margin, largely from the impact currency and the top line. In Q3, CooperVision had GAAP operating income and margin of $46.4 million and 12% of revenue versus the prior year Q3 of $88.4 million and 25.3% of revenue. On a non-GAAP basis, operating income and margin were $97.7 million and 25.3% of revenue versus $97 million and 27.7% of revenue in the prior year. CooperSurgical had GAAP operating income and margin of $15 million and 9.7% of revenue versus the prior year of $18.4 million and 22.3% of revenue. Non-GAAP operating income and margin were $19.5 million and 25.6% of revenue versus Q3 2014 of $22.4 million in operating income, a 27.1% of revenue. Primary reason for the year-over-year decline in operating income is due to the reduction in revenue. Now, looking at interest expense, the interest expense was $4.7 million for the quarter, up $3.2 million year-over-year primarily due to the acquisition of Sauflon and a higher interest rates on our bank pricing grid. Included in Q3 2015 in the other expense category is approximately $1.8 million of FX losses. These FX losses for the quarter were associated with our intercompany loans, some of which are in restricted currencies which are difficult and expensive to hedge. Now, looking at the effective tax rate, in Q3, the GAAP and non-GAAP effective tax rates were negative 1.4%, and a positive 3.1%, respectively versus Q3 2014 GAAP effective tax rate of 6.1% and non-GAAP effective tax rate of 7.3%. As weve mentioned before, the effective tax rate continues to be below the U.S. statutory rate, as the majority of our income is earned in foreign jurisdictions with lower tax rates. The current quarter reduction in the ETR is largely due to the higher amount of dollar or higher dollar amount of Q3 discrete items related to the prior years, which were reversed in this quarter. With respect to Sauflon, weve made significant progress incorporating them into our global trade arrangement. We anticipate being substantially complete by the end of the fiscal year. Looking at earnings per share, our Q3 earnings per share on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis was $0.91 and $1.97 respectively versus $1.80 and $2 for GAAP and non-GAAP in the prior year. Net currency impact on earnings per share year-over-year for Q3 was unfavorable by $0.54. Due to differences in rates and mix from our Q2 earnings call, Q3 was negatively impacted by an additional $0.06, of which $0.03 is on the intercompany balances I mentioned earlier, which is in the other expense line. One thing to point out is that we always highlight the euro and the yen and pound, which may at times overshadow the FX pressure that comes from many other currencies that influence our results. As an example, when we look at the changes in rates from our June guidance to now, we see negative movements in most of our other currencies like the Aussie dollar down 10% and the ruble down 18%. Looking at balance sheet and liquidity, in Q3 we had cash provided by operations of $96 million less capital expenditures of $66.4 million, resulting in $29.6 million of free cash flow. Excluding integration costs of $12.9 million and litigation settlement costs of $17 million, adjusted free cash flow was $59.5 million. Total debt decreased within the quarter by $39.8 million to $1.308 billion. Inventories increased approximately $3.5 million to $406 million from last quarter, due to an increase in daily lenses. For the quarter, we are seeing months on hand at 6.5 months, seven months on hand adjusted for inventory and equipment rationalization charges and facility start-up costs, consistent with seven-month last year and down from 7.6 adjusted months on hand last quarter. Days sales outstanding is at 55 days, which is down from 56 days in the prior quarter, and up from 53 days last year. We mentioned the J&J legal settlement today, so let me provide a little context. In July, CooperVision made a one-time lump sum payment to J&J of $17 million to settle their existing patent disputes and agree on a combination of cross-licenses and reciprocal covenants not to sue on current core products, including all silicone hydrogel lenses. This settlement was worldwide in scope with no royalty obligation for either party. Neither party admitted any liability as part of the settlement. Now, turning to guidance. In order to provide a little more color for your models, I will share some additional specifics on our Q4 and fiscal 2015 non-GAAP guidance. For clariti, I will start with Q4 guidance, and then share what will  that will look like on a full-year basis. Regarding foreign exchange, the rates for our main currencies we are using are 1.12 for the euro, 121 for the yen, and 1.54 for the pound. Were expecting an additional unfavorable $0.02 impact in Q4 to EPS. The negative FX impact to EPS for the year is now forecasted to be $1.76, and the impact to revenue is expected to be $154 million. For the fourth quarter, the revenue range for the company is $467 million to $484 million, or 10% constant currency growth at the midpoint. CooperVisions revenue range is $385 million to $400 million, a 11% constant currency growth at the midpoint. CSIs revenue range is $82 million to $84 million, 4% constant currency growth at the midpoint, which includes $5 million of revenue from Reprogenetics. We expect non-GAAP gross margin to be around 64% for the quarter. OpEx is expected to be around 39%. Operating margin is expected to be around 25%. Interest expense is expected to be around $5 million. Our Q4 effective tax rate is expected to be between 7% and 8%. Our expected share count will be around 49.2 million shares, and our non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $2.07 to $2.17, or a growth of 22% to 27% on a constant currency basis. Looking at the full-year, the revenue range for the company is $1.808 billion to $1.825 billion, or 6% pro forma growth at the midpoint. CooperVisions revenue range is $1.499 billion to $1.514 billion, 7.5% pro forma growth at the midpoint. CSIs revenue range is $309 million to $311 million, down 1% in constant currency at the midpoint. We expect non-GAAP gross margin to be around 63.5% for the year. OpEx is expected to be around 40%. Operating margin is expected to be around 23%. Interest expense is expected to be around $18 million. Our effective tax rate is expected to be around 7.5%. Our share count is expected to be roughly 49.2 million shares for the year, and our non-GAAP EPS is now expected to be in the range of $7.51 to $7.61, or 27% to 29% constant currency growth. Finally, we expect both capital expenditures and adjusted free cash flow for the year to be north of $200 million. With that, let me turn it back to Kim for the Q&A session.
Kim Duncan: Operator, were ready to take some questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Larry Keusch of Raymond James. Your line is open.
Lawrence Keusch: Hello, thanks very much. Bob, I was wondering if you could again help us understand really what changed with the initial outlook for $175 million in single-use silicone hydrogel sales to the new range of $150 million to $155 million.
Robert Weiss: Yes, Larry. I think the biggest change is clearly the U.S. ramp up and the fact that when we look at the growth how were doing with clariti and with MyDay this last quarter, thats up over 50%, so were putting up robust numbers. Since so much of the ramp up were right on a more robust U.S. market, the U.S. market is clearly the soft-spot, more so in whats going out the door from manufacturer to the supply line than it is on on-eye. When we look at the on-eye data, there is a good market, a healthy market. When we look at the pipeline, in this case, its the efficiency of the authorized distributors that is actually flat in a market that is for us growing quite robustly. So that disconnect of the fact that were not, and we had anticipated building up a pipeline - as you may recall in the last call, I mentioned that we expected a pretty robust expansion of the pipeline for Cooper given our new product rollouts. We dont see that right now and so I will emphasize its heavily the U.S. and heavily the pipeline. And quite frankly, were happy with the growth of this product portfolio. So it is performing well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt OBrien of Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
JP McKim: Hi, good afternoon, everyone. This is actually JP in for Matt. Thanks for taking the questions. I want to touch on  you gave a little color on 2016 EPS guidance, and just given kind of that demand profile you gave for Q4 this year, can you talk about what gives you the confidence that maybe the demand in the U.S. will come back to meet those numbers?
Robert Weiss: Yes, were anticipating that 2016 will be a more robust U.S. market manufacturer out the door. I think were all keenly aware of the numbers that Alcon put up and J&J put up as far as their public reporting. But the delink as I mentioned is not so much, is the market good on-eye, not so much is the market great in terms of the conversion from a two-week modality to a one-day modality. Thats all going very nicely. Theres only so much more efficiency authorized distributors the middleman can get. Theres no logical reason, given the fact that we had a very shrunken pipeline a year ago for Cooper in October a year ago, it contracted down to a very efficient level. With the new product rollouts you expect that to grow. And so, we are confident that therell be to some degree a bounce as we roll out new products, getting product into the distributor to see the demand in the marketplace. So were not at all toning down our expectation for the market pull-through growth. If anything, some of the moves by one of our competitors that are moving into  from a two-week into a one-day silicone hydrogel modality with another product, will only add to that shift from the two-week modality which doesnt pay  it doesnt pay a lot of money. So, if we think about the market, its $2.6 billion at the manufacturers level in the U.S. You got, lets say, $35 million soft contact lens, whereas carving out the hard is not generating a lot of revenue. And so they are only generating on average $75 a patient. That shift to the one-day modality, as it continues to accelerate is still a 400% to 600% shift, and the two-week wearer is still is the bulk of the wearers in terms of numbers. They dont generate  they just dont generate a real lot of revenue. So were enthusiastic that all the manufacturing momentum is pushing the market that way. The underlying dynamics are pushing the market that way and feeling good about it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Mishan of KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Matthew Mishan: Thank you very much for taking my questions. Given some of the slowness in the ramp of clariti a little bit, or the slowdown in the ramp of your expectations, do you think that going into next year that SG&A and marketing expenses are going to be maybe a little bit higher than you would have thought with the full MyDay and clariti roll out next year?
Robert Weiss: No, I really dont expect any real change on that. I really think the  its really the push-pull with the distributors in the middle that will bring about some growth and expansion. But the on-eye activity, weve shifted our energy already from getting the fitting sets out there, which consumed a lot of energy in the first-half of this year to now sell-through, meaning, really converting the market into the silicone hydrogel one day modality. So we dont need any special emphasis on that point. We have the product availability, because the ramp-up on the manufacturing side has been extremely robust. So were good on that front, and its now really execution in the field, and we do think the market is prime for them.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Pasquale of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Christpher Pasquale: Thanks. Just two questions, I want to try and understand the market issues and the guidance a little there. First, UPP has been out for more than a year and, Bob, you talked about the fact that distributor inventory levels have been trending down for some time, and were already at what we saw were pretty low levels. So whats causing the negative inflection there and what gives you confidence that thats [recover that you had] [ph] visibility to be able to tell it is going to recover? And then specifically on the daily silicone hydrogel guidance, youre bringing it down by about 14% for the year, it seems pretty large revision. Can you just talk about what you thought you were going to be seeing in the fourth quarter, you already given this very back-end loaded outlook for the year. What do you think [indiscernible] now that you re saying is not and is that a delay into next year, or do you think it doesnt materialize at all? Thank you.
Greg Matz: Yes. I think I got most of that. You were cutting out. But youre correct, UPP will anniversary moving into the third calendar quarter. So its a year ago now that the robust roll out of UPP occurred for the most part. And most notably, the market share leader going very deep with UPP, all the other manufacturers going with new products only following the concept, your UPP is about promoting new products to the practitioner, where they have to invest a lot of time in the conversion in that. So on the one front from a market perspective, that step down that occurred with UPP is going to anniversary, and therefore, well have better year-over-year comps as the market goes. Relative to the middleman, the authorized distributors, we know there was consolidation leading to efficiency and we know that the manufacturers were doing a better job coordinating with the authorized distributors in terms of creating efficiency. An example of that would be more direct shipments from the manufacturers to the eye care professionals when it comes to torics which are hard to inventory because of the large number of SKUs. So the distribution channel is more efficient. I would conjecture, it cant get much more efficient than it is now. So I think that will have flushed out and thats been leading to some suppression of the growth from a manufacturer point of view out the door the last two years, ever since the big consolidation took place, if you will. So Im pretty bullish about that. Relative to visibility, we always said there would be in that $175 million objective for silicone hydrogel, a good chunk of pipeline fill in the fourth quarter. And were just not assuming that is going to occur anywhere close to where we thought. So it wasnt so much an on-eye demand as it was. If youre creating a lot of demand in the marketplace youre going to want to backfill that, so that your authorized distributors are not going on backorder on a product youre just creating demand on. I think that is a pretty efficient system now, and part of it really is the efficiency of the torics, because we are the one company that has a multifocal toric and a sphere in the silicone hydrogel modality. So we basically have cut back assumptions on how massive of a pipeline fill you need for that part. Relative to next years outlook, were feeling good about the supply chain of products available and the reception of on-eye in the market, and therefore still quite bullish about top line growth into 2016 and beyond.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch of BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Joanne Wuensch: Hi, good afternoon. Can you hear me okay?
Robert Weiss: Yes, Joanne, I can.
Joanne Wuensch: Terrific. If I heard you correctly, you gave some commentary for EPS next year, but no commentary for revenue. And it seems like most of the questions this evening are related towards revenue. How do we get from the current growth rate towards like higher one over the next couple of quarters? And
Robert Weiss: So  oh, Im sorry, go ahead, Joanne.
Joanne Wuensch: Sorry. And what is a proper rate range would be for next year?
Robert Weiss: Well, were not going to  for a number of reasons, one of which is volatility, currency, were not going to get into clariti until we get through our budgeting process which were in the middle of and we will shed light on that in December. But were not going to at this juncture. Suffice to say, we still believe we will continue to gain market share and you can see the numbers we put up against the marketplace. And were feeling good about solid top line. Were just not ready to give a range of what to expect on the top line next year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Weinstein of William Blair. Your line is open.
Brian Weinstein: Hey, guys, thanks for taking the question. Last quarter, you guys took down total revenue guidance, but I think it was $40 million or $44 million or something like that. Part of it was a little of a miss in Q2. But then also you guys had cited issues with the solutions business being down a little bit more than expected and a little bit faster slowdown in some of your legacy products. I didnt hear you really mention those types of things on this call. So is kind of the takedown in guidance exclusively related to the U.S. issues that you have been talking about or are we still seeing some of those older legacy products decline faster than expected and whats going on with the solutions business. Thanks.
Robert Weiss: Yes, the solutions business was surprisingly benign for the quarter, meaning down slightly, but much less than the marketplace. So our guidance  our further guidance down has nothing to do with legacy and solutions. It really is going from the $175 million down to that $152 to $157 million range.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Larry Biegelsen: Hey, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Hey, Bob, weve gotten very, very positive feedback on MyDay, but weve gotten mixed feedback on claritis comfort. Is that something that could be improved? And then, on the manufacturing changes in 2016, maybe it wasnt clear to me, but will those costs be taken out of non-GAAP earnings, and if not how should we think about gross margins in 2016? Thanks.
Robert Weiss: On the positive feedback on MyDay and the clariti, mixed clariti feedback question, MyDay is very early in the game in the U.S. and certainly it performed well as a premium product outside the U.S. It is clearly in a league that is targeting TruEye and Total 1, and that is a different league, its great  its a great product. And I would say a lot of the people probably going into MyDay are getting there from TruEye. And, therefore, its silicone hydrogel to silicone hydrogel. The history of conversion to silicone hydrogel lenses has not been a rocket ship. Its been kind of stair step. Some of you may recall when OASYS and Acuvue Advance came out in the  about 2007, 2008 timeframe, there was an attempt to totally shift the patient from the Acuvue to lens to a silicone hydrogel and a lot of patients reacted negatively. They basically said, I can still feel the rigidity of a silicone hydrogel lens, put me back in my hydrogel lenses. And thats actually one of the reasons even today in the FRP and the plant replacement modality, it is only 77% silicone hydrogel, which translates probably a more like 70% wearers and 30% of the  because theres a premium that you pay for that. So toning and affecting for that premium, about 30% of the people are still staying in their hydrogel lenses, because theyre not as rigid. The same thing is going on with clariti to some degree, where were going after moist. Moist is not a silicone hydrogel, and therefore youre going to have some patients that are going to go from moist to clarity, or any other silicone hydrogel and say, I can feel it, its more rigid than what Im used to. And some people are not going to give it the chance and some people will adapt to it. But its what  every eye is different. Every patient is going to be a different battle on that conversion front, if you will. On the manufacturing startup costs, the intent is, there are a number of moving parts in manufacturing going on right now and into next year. We have two new plant startups that will be ramping up in Costa Rica and in Speedwell in the UK. There will be some call out of those startup costs that will be specifically called out as part of restructuring of manufacturing activity. On the negative front relative to whats in the ongoing reported cost of goods, when we transition from a one plant only model, lets say, in Hungary to, or in Budapest to a new startup in Costa Rica. Even though labor costs will be lower in Costa Rica and certainly much lower than our other plants in Puerto Rico and UK and Rochester. So, ultimately, there will be a huge advantage. Short-term, its negative, because you are ramping up without having the full critical mass, and there will be some drag on cost of goods and gross margins in 2015, 2017, and probably all the way into 2018 until you have a robust plant in Costa Rica. Speedwell in the UK is less problematic, because thats kind of a one product, smaller model, if you will that comes into play. But some of them will be called out that the new plant startup, some of them will not, it will be in the cost of goods a blended gross margin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Willoughby of Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Steve Willoughby: Thanks for taking my question, guys. I kind of have a three-part question and then a separate question. So I will just ask them all at once, if you dont mind. The three that are kind of related, Bob, you talked about the inventory reductions in the channel and things, and I think this might be like the fourth year in a row we talked about inventory is coming down, and I think even at one point you talked about how they couldnt contractually go any lower. So, I guess, the first part of it is, have inventories gone and the channel gone even lower. And then the second part of that is, you talked about distributors and retailers not really taking on inventory here in the third quarter, I would say youre guiding down a bit for the fourth quarter, so you  are you not expecting distributors and retailers to take on inventory, and if thats the case, why are you now not expecting them to take on inventory. And then, my separate question is just, what are your thoughts on the new daily product from J&J coming into the market here soon? Thank you.
Robert Weiss: All right, the first one on the inventory reductions, you are quite right that that we talked about for the third year in a row, in October last year, inventory reduction with the authorized distributor relative to Cooper. The inventory reductions were talking about now is  there have been some of our competitors that have talked about their pipeline inventory reductions. With Cooper were not saying they reduced inventory. Its already at a very efficient level. Were saying, we were guiding to an expansion of the inventory held by authorized distributors for new product rollouts like clariti and like MyDay, and that is just not happening. And were  given the efficiency of the authorized distributors, we are not expecting it to happen anywhere to the same degree that we once anticipated. Part of that is the efficiency as I pointed out of getting toric lenses to the patients where  or to the eye care professional, where much of it is going around the authorized distributor. They like carrying spheres. Its very easy, limited SKUs, multifocal limited SKUs. Toric is a pain in the neck. So we have come up and workaround to make the system as efficient as it possibly could be. On the authorized distributors, retailers in the fourth quarter, were basically saying weve toned down the pipeline feel for the new product rollouts, and part of it for efficiency and part of it is just how tight authorized distributors are managing it. As far as the new J&J product that is coming out in the one-day modality, which is OASYS, its one-day. If I were J&J, I would do exactly the same thing. Theyre basically trying to trade out TruEye or this is conjecture, because Im not sure they formally announced, but the conjecture out there is just going to come out, go into the premium modality with a sphere and basically trade out the TruEye product which has not done well in the U.S. market with several missteps. If I were them, I would do that. The negative of it is its clearly that it could accelerate two things. One is people leaving the non-silicone hydrogel bucket and then going in play. But more importantly people transitioning from the two-week modality owned pretty much by J&J. They have well north of 70% or almost 80% share of that two-week wearer base and theyll be putting those in play and well take our chances on that. So I love that.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Jon Block of Stifel. Your line is open.
Jonathan Block: Great. Thanks. And I will see if I can also just try to maybe ask a question and a half. The first one, Bob, if you try to isolate the on-eye data in the U.S., again on-eye, what do you think the trend line of your market share gains are there? I guess, Im just trying to tease out, do you think J&Js aggressive pursuit of UPP, and B&L are gaining back of some of the share in the U.S. again on-eye? And then, second question, just shifting gears, can you just talk to the additional manufacturing capacity that you expect to come online for MyDay in fiscal 2016 relative to 2015? And is MyDay still teed up for Japan approval next year? Thanks, guys.
Robert Weiss: All right, I think I got that all. The on-eye data for Cooper is  we have to look at it in two pieces. The independents, where there is kind of a battleground that J&J has basically invited themselves into very vocally with their UPP policy. And then, the all other, the retailer half, the retailers there is a very clear divide. Retailers do not like UPP and independents love UPP. Its as black and white as a Republican and a Democrat, I guess. Maybe, that is a poor example, because maybe it is not black and white. But theyre on one line or the other clearly in the way they view the world. So its hard to walk the tightrope. Cooper, our loyalty is pretty black and white also. Were loyal to the eye care professional who writes prescriptions, and were not at all loyal to those that do not write prescriptions. Thats where we draw the line. And we think there are better ways than UPP to show your loyalty to the eye care professionals be it independent, or be it working in a retail setting. And when it comes to where is J&J doing well, they are doing better with independents, no doubt. One would say theyre probably doing horrendous in some areas with the certain retailers. And so the overall numbers dont look very good, and well see what happens, as they annualize the UPP decision that they made on their full product line a year ago. Relative to the ramp up of MyDay, its going to be pretty robust on two fronts, both our continued expansion in Puerto Rico and our new facility called Speedwell in the UK, which is dedicated to MyDay. So throughout 2016, really much more the back-half, we will be coming online with a pretty robust amount of ramp up. Will we catch up with demand in 2016, probably not. The third piece you asked about is Japan and so far so good in terms of our expectation for MyDay into Japan in by the end of 2016.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Johnson of Robert W. Baird. Your line is open.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Good evening, guys. Just a couple of questions here. Let me just ask them all and well go from there. So, Bob, I know youve not given guidance for next year on the top line, but with the OASYS daily coming out with the market a little punky here, Bob, it should maybe a get a little bit healthier under value, and although thats I guess a question that is fully answered. Where do you think the CVI versus the market  CooperVision versus the market could go over the next 12 or 18 months? Thats question number one. And then, Greg, two clarifying questions. You mentioned in the gross margin for CVI FX and mix, the offsetting impact of those two. But what was the impact of kind of the timing when you closed down those December facilities. If memory serves that usually weighs down gross margin this quarter a bit as well? And did I hear you correctly the gross margin on clariti exiting 2016 could be accretive to CVI at a companywide whichever you said, that would imply north of 63%, I think, when you acquire that line, it was in the low to mid 50s, I just want to make sure I heard that correctly? Thank you.
Robert Weiss: Okay. Well, Ill do these and then Greg can fill out what I dont cover in the gross profit. In terms of top line and how we feel about it relative to the new products coming out be it the OASYS daily or the various other products being talked about in the activity of B&L and others. Were feeling a lot of that we liked to move. We like the emphasis of stirring up the pot in the two-week modality and seeing where they end up. Some will go to monthly, and many will go to one day. So the shift to one day looks as exciting as ever and we like our product portfolio as much as ever. So we kind of love the direction of that, I would expect a more robust market in the U.S. in 2016 and 2015, 2015 I would describe as pretty anemic for the two reasons we talked about the authorized distributors and the UPP, in fact. But that does annualize and who knows how long UPP will be around to throw stones at, I guess. As far as the gross margins, you did hear me correct about clariti that clariti will be a contributor to our gross margin story, meaning, a net plus to the midpoint and the back-half of next year, so all has done very well with the ramp up. I did hedge a little by saying, as we ramp up Costa Rica that puts a short-term drag in the fact that you dont have critical mass in that ramp-up mode for couple of years. But the rest of the mass production is doing so well. Were pretty bullish on the composite part. Relative to the timing and implications of the shutdown, youre right, it was a shutdown that we do as a  for plant maintenance, is the end of December early January. So that has a ripple effect. Although we flatten it a little it still kind of ripples into the third quarter historically. And foreign exchange impact on our gross margin is a whopping number. Its like 200 basis points. So were it not for foreign exchange we would be doing cartwheels on our gross margin story and that will be accolades to our production guys on just how well they have improved cost and efficiency in spite of a shift in the one-day mix. So theyre hurtling, basically hurtling that which is a pretty extraordinary story, all lost in the world of foreign-exchange unfortunately. Greg, anything you want to add to it?
Greg Matz: No, I think, Bob, you covered it. I think the mix aspect of the manufacturing variance as I had kind of combined in that mix. And so what you saw is  definitely the strong part of it was FX, as Bob mentioned. You got a little bit of offset because the cost of goods sold, FX was positive. And then, you had the manufacturing variances in Biofinity leading from a product mix standpoint, helping to offset that FX. FX was huge for the quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Lichtman of Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Steven Lichtman: Thank you. Hi, guys. I just want to add on the CSI side, the slightly slower growth you saw in office and surgical this quarter versus last, do you sense its more of the negativity around the broader market, maybe getting worse or is it more company specific? And if its the latter, what are some of the general changes youd like to see looking ahead?
Robert Weiss: Well, clearly, Im a firm believer that were actually doing well with the broader market. The broader market is bumping right now and its so surrounded by a lot of litigation dealing with all those issues in mesh and slings and morcellators. And you cant pick up a paper today without seeing some legal advertisement in that arena. So its slowed up the market. You have a lot of gun-shy gynecologists out there. And that ripples into some of our products that are used tangentially with some of those procedures. So I think our product portfolio is good for the mainstay of things like doing hysterectomies and minimal invasive surgery in general. We have a concerted effort of refreshing the product portfolio, which is for the most part very mature. And so, products like Endosee, that handheld hysteroscope, and now Reprogenetics not much on the part youre on. This is more on the IVS part, but we are making a concerted effort within all CooperSurgical to add some muscle to it in terms of organic growth potential. And Als role clearly is going to be a catalyst in that area where our intention is. Weve been a little slow at M&A activity, perhaps on average over the last two, three years, is to kind of move that process along. And we think there are opportunities out there that were at least going to kick the tires pretty heavily on.
Operator: Thank you. Im showing no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Bob Weiss for closing remarks.
Robert Weiss: Well, I want to thank you for joining us on this call. And were, as you can tell, excited about the rollout of our products and opportunities  and very excited about the outlook for 2016. Perhaps, I didnt say clear enough, but targeting growth mid-teens  low-teens to mid-teens next year, coming off of a 27% to 29% growth is pretty stellar. We are proud about that and were really down about the fact that it still got massed by foreign exchange, but we also know were not the only company on the planet thats being hammered by that or not the only company in the United States being hammered by that. I know there are some companies in Europe probably looking stellar over the same thing. But anyway, we look forward to updating to you on the story as we get into our year-end numbers in December. And I think our next session will be on December 3. So we look forward to updating you at that time. You okay? Thank you for participation.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude todays program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-06-05 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Kim Duncan - VP, IR Bob Weiss - President and CEO Greg Matz - CFO
Analysts: Jon Black - Stifel Chris Pasquale - JPMorgan Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Jeff Johnson - Robert Baird Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets Larry Keusch - Raymond James Brian Weinstein - William Blair Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Anthony Petrone - Jefferies
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Cooper Companies' Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference may be recorded. I would like to introduce your host for today's conference, Ms. Kim Duncan. Ma'am, please go ahead.
Kim Duncan: -- Matz, Chief Financial Officer; and Al White, Chief Strategy Officer. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market or regulatory conditions, and integration of any acquisitions or their failure to achieve anticipated benefits. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the Company to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward-Looking Statements in today's earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including the business section of Coopers Annual Report on Form 10-K. These are publicly available and on request from the Company's Investor Relations department. Now before I turn the call over to Bob, let me comment on the agenda for the call. Bob will begin by providing highlights on the quarter, followed by Greg who will then discuss the second quarter financial results. We will keep the formal presentation to roughly 30 minutes, and then open up the call for questions. We expect the call to last approximately 1 hour. We request that anyone asking questions, please limit yourself to one question. Should you have any additional questions, please call our investor line at 925-460-3663 or email ir@cooperco.com. As a reminder, this call is being webcast and a copy of the earnings release is available through the Investor Relations section of The Cooper Companies' website. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Bob for his opening remarks.
Bob Weiss: Thank you, Kim, and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to the second quarter conference call. Let me start by highlighting three key points. First, we continue to make significant advancements with CooperVision including integrating Sauflon. Highlights include resolving the back-order issues we had in the U.S. with Clariti in March and April, the startup of our two new manufacturing facilities in Costa Rica and the U.K., and Clariti -- and new Clariti and MyDay lines going into production. As a result, we believe we are well-positioned to finish this year strong while carrying the momentum into 2016. Second, CooperVision posted 6% pro forma revenue growth in the second fiscal quarter, including 16% pro forma growth for silicone hydrogel lenses. For the first calendar quarter, CooperVision grew 6% compared to the market at 1% and we gained share in every region of the world. We expect CooperVision to continue taking share and forecast pro forma revenue growth of around 9% in fiscal 2015, which shows the strength we expect in Q3 and Q4 as Clariti gains traction in the United States. Third, we had two items this past quarter that were not included in the guidance we provided on our last earnings call. And we expect these items will impact us for the remainder of the year. The first is currency, which everyone knows about. The second is challenges that CooperSurgical is facing as a result of things outside of their control, specifically lower OB/GYN patient visits due to Mesh [ph] and other litigation that doesn't involve us but has negatively impacted the market. From the day of our last earnings call, these two items negatively impacted Q2 by $0.05, with currency accounting for $0.02 and CooperSurgical for $0.03. As a result of these items, we're reducing revenue guidance by $44 million at the midpoint, although our continued operational improvements, especially with respect to Sauflon, are allowing us to maintain our non-GAAP earnings per share guidance. I want to stand [ph] on these takeaways as I walk through the quarter's performance, but I want to reiterate, we remain very optimistic about the underlying fundamentals of our business and believe we're well-positioned to deliver solid results for the remainder of this year and through 2016. On a consolidated basis, second quarter revenues grew 5% year over year to $435 million and we posted non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.72. Free cash flow was $68 million. CooperVision posted revenues of $360 million, up 9% year over year and up 6% pro forma. Excluding solutions, pro forma revenue growth was slightly over 6% but didn't round to 7% as it did in the first quarter. To give a little color on this, we had a strong quarter in Europe and a pretty decent quarter in the Americas, but slightly softer-than-expected sales in Japan as we hurdle last year's VAT increase. Remember, last year's comps for Asia Pac was 20% pro forma growth, which was driven by significant growth in Japan as the increase in the VAT went into effect on April 1st. Regardless, this was a pretty good quarter. Overall, our silicone hydrogel family drove top line growth with $197 million in revenues, up 16% pro forma. In addition to strong daily growth, our monthly Biofinity family grew 12% pro forma and our two-week family of products grew 13% pro forma. We remain under index versus the market both in the two-week and the monthly silicone hydrogel space, with silicons representing roughly 77% of that market and us at 69%. So we anticipate our two-week and monthly silicons to do nicely over many years. Regarding one-day silicone sales, for competitive reasons we won't provide specific details on individual product sales. However, as reported for the one-day silicone hydrogel lenses, we're $32 million, with Clariti posting a very strong quarter, up 41%, and MyDay up 46%, both pro forma. This met our expectations. As a reminder, we're the only company offering a two-tiered approach in the daily silicone hydrogel market with Clariti positioned as the mass market offering and MyDay as our premium offering. We continue to believe there's a great opportunity to split the daily silicone market with a premium and mass market lens. We also believe we have the premium portfolio to become the market leader in coming years, in addition to being the only company offering a two-tiered strategy. Our one-day mass market portfolio includes a sphere, a toric and a multifocal which no one else has. Regarding Clariti, we continue -- we remain capacity constrained but our manufacturing build-out is going well and we believe we'll be able to fully meet demand exiting this fiscal year. This obviously positions us really well for fiscal 2013. In the U.S., our rollout is back on track. As we -- sorry -- 2016. In the U.S., our rollout is back on track. As we discussed on our earnings call, we had some issues in the second quarter, a strong demand created back-order problems and we had to adjust packaging. As you can imagine, this created a number of internal challenges and resulted in delays. Having said that, we resolved these issues in April and we're now in good shape. Some of you may ask what the P&L impact was on the quarter, but I'm not sure we could properly quantify it. So, suffice it to say, it's behind us and we're in much better shape currently. And remember, the U.S. Clariti launch is the largest and fastest product rollout in CooperVision's history, so, some challenges are expected. Regardless, I'm happy to report that demand remains very robust. Regarding MyDay, sales are doing very well in Europe and we are starting to release lens key opinion leaders in the United States with a full launch scheduled to occur in August. We're continuing to sell everything we can make and we're bringing on additional more efficient lines to help beat demand. As anticipated, MyDay is fitting perfectly into our high-end segment of the silicone hydrogel market. Regarding MyDay in Japan, we still are in the regulatory process and anticipate approval in time to launch in fiscal 2016. Combining Clariti and MyDay, we still expect sales of around $175 million this fiscal year, with Clariti comprising around 75% of that. Our specialty business remained strong and torics are up 7% and multifocals up 8%, both pro forma. Multifocals were strong in the silicone space, but weakened legacy hydrogel portfolio. Having said that, we continue to lead the global market in these specialized categories and we're taking market share. Regarding Proclear, sales were down 3% pro forma, driven by softness in our non-daily products. On a regional basis, the Americas were up 5% pro forma. This was led by a solid quarter for Biofinity and the introduction of Clariti. Clariti was still very small in Q2, but we anticipate our U.S. growth will accelerate as the rollout of Clariti progresses. Sphere posted a solid quarter, up 8% pro forma. I continue to be impressed by the team as they're posting strong results while completing significant integration activity. Meanwhile, Asia Pac was up 2% pro forma, lower than normal due to the Japanese VAT change I mentioned earlier. To provide more details on Sauflon integration activity, as I mentioned, we've made a lot of progress. You'll notice the non-GAAP adjustments this quarter for manufacturing and operating costs, and I believe you'll see similar charges in Q3 and Q4. Most of this work is still targeted to be completed this fiscal year, although some of the manufacturing activity may fall into the first quarter of next year. We also completed our analysis around current and future plant needs and started up two new manufacturing facilities in Costa Rica and the U.K., with production forecasted to begin in a few quarters. Regarding manufacturing space, we embarked on our expansion plans prior to the Sauflon acquisition, and as a result, we now have some excess space, which we will utilize over time. Sauflon, we did a ton of manufacturing positives such as lines with smaller footprints, and this has allowed us to reevaluate our plans to include diversifying our manufacturing footprint by putting several Clariti lines in Costa Rica. Ultimately, all this will reduce CapEx and significantly improve free cash flow. As a matter of fact, the improvements look pretty significant, and I wouldn't be surprised to see free cash flow over $300 million in fiscal 2016. Finally on Sauflon and the integration activity, it's important to remember, this acquisition was a major step forward for CooperVision, Sauflon's manufacturing lines cost roughly one-third the cost of our equivalent lines. They're received in one-half the time and they have better flexibility, shifting production from one product to another. A large reason for this is material formulation, which provides the ability to produce silicone hydrogel lenses without alcohol. This is a major step forward in integrating this manufacturing and formulation expertise roles [ph] to add manufacturing lines in a much more cost-effective manner. This will reduce future CapEx, thus reducing -- or improving free cash flow, allowing, along with yielding a lower cost per unit, which we anticipate seeing in the P&L beginning in middle of 2016. To conclude on integration activity, nothing has changed with respect to my beliefs around the future. Our team continues to do a great job integrating the business, and that includes ramping up production. Now let me comment on the overall contact lens market. As a reminder, this information is listed on the last page of our earnings release. Overall the market was up 1% in the calendar Q1 and CooperVision was up 6%. As I mentioned earlier, this data is skewed because of Japan, which increased VAT last April 1st, resulting in significant purchases before the increase went into effect. This can be seen in the Asia Pac numbers with the market down 7% and CooperVision down 6%. In the Americas, the market grew 2%, with CooperVision up 11%. And in EMEA, the market grew 7% and we grew slightly stronger than 7%. As you can tell, our growth was clearly led by the Americas and its strong results. Having said that, we grew faster than the market in every region of the world, so I'm very happy with our performance. Also, if we look at the market on a modality basis, the single-use market continued to drive growth, up 4%, while we grew 11%. Non-single-use lenses declined 2% while we grew 4%. In general, when I look at the market, I expect to rebound and grow in the mid-single-digits now that Japan's VAT issue is behind us. We also have the UPP or unilateral pricing policy issue which is impacting the U.S. market. As many of you are aware, there's a lot of legal activity around that right now, and it includes all the contact lens manufacturers. It's impossible to say how long it will last, but hopefully we get it resolved soon so we can all get back to business as usual. Overall though, the market looks fairly stable and continuing growth in the single-digit market. In the single-use market, especially in the silicone hydrogel part of the market, should support overall market growth of 4% to 6% in the coming years. The key takeaway is that we have a fairly healthy market and I believe we'll continue taking share, especially with the rollout of Clariti now beginning in a robust manner. Moving to CooperSurgical. This was a challenging quarter. On the plus side, we continued making progress in our fertility business by focusing on disposable sales and we're taking share in that space. This performance is offset by the continued reduction of lower marginal capital equipment sales. We also - we're also dealing with the negative impact of currency on an as-reported results. This performance is offset by the continued reduction and lower margin in capital equipment sales. We're also dealing with the negative impact of currency on an as-reported results as roughly two-thirds of our fertility business is outside the U.S. We saw that this quarter, fertility was down 15% on an as-reported basis but only 1% in constant currency. Meanwhile, our surgical products business was down 3%. As many of you know, there's been a significant slowdown in women's healthcare market due to the litigation associated with Mesh slings [ph] and Morcellation. We're not involved in any of that litigation, but regardless, the activity is impacting patient visits in surgical activity, thus impacting several of our OB/GYN products. It's tough to quantify this impact but it's definitely hurting our performance more than we were expecting. I believe the issue is temporary, but we're taking down CooperSurgical's revenue guidance by roughly $18 million at the midpoint to reflect this, along with negative currency. One piece of positive news though is, you'll remember, we acquired EndoSee last year and we're -- we've recently launched their hysteroscope at a large gynecology conference. Early indications are extremely positive, as are early indications on several of our other small product launches. So we're optimistic 2016 will be a much better year for CooperSurgical. Now let me touch on -- a little more on guidance. Regarding revenues, we're taking down CooperSurgical revenues for the reasons I just mentioned and we're reducing CooperVision mainly to reflect product rationalization, updated currency rates, and the second quarter results. As a reminder, last quarter's guidance was with euro at $1.11, the yen at 120, and the pound at $1.53. And we're now using updated rates of the euro at $1.13, the yen at 124, and the pound at $1.53. Based on this, new revenue guidance for CooperVision is $1.512 billion to $1.544. CooperSurgical is $308 million to $316 million. And in total we're at $1.820 to $1.860. We expect both businesses to be slightly better in the fourth quarter than the third quarter in the area of revenues and operating income. On a positive note, even with the reduction of revenues, our fiscal year 2015 non-GAAP earnings per share guidance remains the same as our business fundamentals remained strong, including greater synergies from the Sauflon acquisition. From a longer perspective, we are still targeting operating margins above 26% in 2018. Although currency remains a significant headwind, I believe we have fairly straightforward path to achieving this goal by staying focused and executing within our existing businesses. Lastly, on the financials, cash flow remains extremely important to us, and we reduced debt this quarter by $48 million, which was very solid. We're maintaining our guidance of having our free cash flow and CapEx over $200 million this year. Having said that, I continue to believe we will see lower CapEx in fiscal 2016 while operating cash flow continues to grow. So I anticipate very strong free cash flows in 2016 and continued strength in subsequent years. Regarding strategy, we continue with our successful strategy, which I've frequently articulated in the past. This includes investing in our business to take market share by expanding geographically, aggressively rolling out products such as Clariti and investing in emerging markets such as China. We do all this remaining keenly focused on delivering solid earnings per share growth. We believe we can accomplish all our objectives while reducing debt and increasing profits. And we remain focused on delivering strong shareholder returns. In summary, we're making significant progress integrating Sauflon, and although we have a lot of moving parts, the remainder of this year should be solid and 2016 should be a really good year for us. Our profit margins are solid, our free cash flow generation strong, and I remain bullish about the future. With that, let me express my appreciation to our employees, our number one asset. Their hard work and dedication to creating value is the backbone of our success. And now I'll turn it over to Greg to cover the financial results.
Greg Matz: Thanks, Bob, and good afternoon everyone. Bob provided an overall summary of our performance, including a review of the market and our revenue picture. So let me start with gross margins. Looking at gross margins, in Q2, the consolidated GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins were 61.6% and 63.4%, respectively, compared with 65.1% for GAAP and non-GAAP in the prior year. The primary difference between GAAP and non-GAAP is related to products and equipment rationalization, due to the Sauflon acquisition and facility startup costs directly attributable to our two new manufacturing facilities which are currently being completed. Both the Speedwell plant in the U.K. and the Costa Rican plant will be initially dedicated to our expansion into [inaudible] manufacturing. When comparing non-GAAP gross margins this quarter to Q2 '14, we experienced the significant negative impact of revenues from FX, slightly offset by some favorable FX impact on our cost of goods sold and product mix led by Biofinity. CooperVision on a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis reported gross margins of 61.2% and 63.3%, respectively, versus 65.2% for GAAP and non-GAAP in Q2 last year. The difference between GAAP and non-GAAP is largely related to product and equipment rationalization from the Sauflon acquisition and the facility startup costs mentioned earlier. The drop in the non-GAAP gross margin was due primarily to FX, partially offset by product mix led by Biofinity. CooperSurgical had a GAAP and a non-GAAP gross margins of 63.4% and 63.5%, respectively, which compares to Q2 '14 of 64.7%. The difference between GAAP and non-GAAP relates to approximately 140K of restructuring costs. The year-over-year non-GAAP margin declines is mainly due to product mix and restructuring costs. Now looking at operating expenses. SG&A. On a GAAP basis, SG&A expenses increased by approximately 8% from the prior year to approximately $167.6 million. And we're roughly 39% of revenue, up from 38% in the prior year. On a non-GAAP basis, SG&A increased approximately 5% to $162.1 million or 37% of revenue. The difference between GAAP and non-GAAP was $5.4 million, due largely to integration and restructuring costs related to the Sauflon acquisition. SG&A on a non-GAAP basis decreased 3% sequentially, led by synergies from Sauflon. Now looking at R&D. In Q2, R&D on a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis was $16.8 million and $16.6 million, respectively. On a non-GAAP basis, R&D was 3.8% of revenue, down from 4% in the prior year. In Q2, depreciation was $32.2 million, up $7.9 million, and amortization was $12.3 million, up approximately $4.8 million, primarily due to the Sauflon acquisition. Moving to operating margins. For Q2, consolidated GAAP operating income and margin were $71 million and 16.3% of revenue, versus $88.9 million and 21.6% of revenue in Q2 last year. This drop was primarily due to integration-related costs and increased amortization from the Sauflon acquisition, as well as the manufacturing facility startup costs. Non-GAAP operating income and margin were $96.7 million and 22.2% of revenue, versus $97.4 million and 23.6% of revenue from the prior year. The reduction in operating income and margin are driven by the reduction in gross margin from the impact of currency on the top line. In Q2, CVI had GAAP operating income and margin of $67.7 million and 18.8% of revenue, versus the prior-year Q2 of $82.6 million and 25% of revenue. On a non-GAAP basis, operating income and margin were $88.8 million and 24.7% of revenue, versus $87 million and 26.3% of revenue in the prior year. CSI had GAAP operating income and margin of $14.2 million and 18.9% of revenue, versus the prior year of $18.1 million and 22.3% of revenue. Non-GAAP operating income and margin were $18.8 million and 25% of revenue, versus Q2 '14 at $21.5 million operating income and 26.4% of revenue. Primary reason for the year-over-year decline is due to reduction of revenue related impact to gross margins. Interest expense was $4.7 million for the quarter, up $3.1 million year over year, primarily due to the acquisition of Sauflon and higher interest rates on our bank pricing grid, which became effective in Q1. We were still forecasting interest expense for the year around $18 million. Looking at the effective tax rate, in Q2 the GAAP and non-GAAP effective tax rate was 8.7% and 8.4%, respectively, versus Q2 '14 GAAP effective tax rate of 9.3% and non-GAAP effective tax rate of 10.3%. As we've mentioned before, you know, the effective tax rate continues to be below the U.S. statutory rate as the majority of our income is earned in foreign jurisdictions with lower tax rates. With respect to Sauflon, we have made significant progress in incorporating them into our global trade arrangement. We anticipate being substantially complete by the end of the fiscal year. Earnings per share. Our Q2 earnings per share on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis was $1.23 and $1.72, respectively, versus $1.62 and $1.76 on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis in the prior year. Regarding foreign exchange. We're using rates as of June 4th, for our main currencies, we're using $1.13 for the euro, 124 for the yen, and $1.53 for the pound. Net impact year over year for Q2 was an unfavorable impact of $0.50. As has been the case for some time, this is primarily related to the yen, pound, euro and euro tracking currencies, in addition to a number of other currencies that have also weakened against the dollar. Based on the differences in rates from our Q1 earnings call, Q2 is negatively impacted by an additional $0.02, and we forecast an additional negative $0.03 impact EPS in the second half of 2015. Total negative impact to EPS for the year is now forecasted at $1.68, with a negative impact on revenue of $147 million. Looking at some balance sheet activity. Total debt decreased within the quarter by $47.6 million to $1,348 million. At April 30th we had approximately $894.8 million of total credit available. Inventories increased approximately $12.4 million to $402.5 million from last quarter, largely due to the increase in daily advances [ph]. For the quarter we're seeing months on hand at 7.2 months, 7.6 months on hand excluding inventory and equipment rationalization charges and facility startup costs. And this is up from the months on hand of 7.2 months last year and up from 7.3 adjusted months on hand last quarter. Days sales outstanding is 56 days, which is down from 57 days in the prior quarter and up from 51 days last year. Now turning to guidance, in order to provide a little more color for your models, I will share some additional specifics on our non-GAAP guidance. The revenue range, as Bob had mentioned, for the Company, is $1.82 billion to $1.86 billion, or 7% pro forma growth at the midpoint. CVI's revenue range is $1.512 billion to $1.544 billion, or about 9% pro forma growth at midpoint. CSI's revenue range is $308 million to $316 million, or flat at the midpoint. We expect non-GAAP gross margin to be just north of 63% for the year. OpEx is expected to be around 40%. Operating margin is expected to be around 23%. Interest expense, as I mentioned earlier, is expected to be around $18 million. Our effective tax rate is expected to be in the range of 8% to 9%, and this includes transitioning Sauflon into our global trade arrangement. Our share count is expected to be roughly 49.2 million shares for the year. Our non-GAAP EPS remains in the range of $7.40 to $7.70, or 24% to 28% growth on a pro forma basis. Finally, we expect both capital expenditures and free cash flow for the year to be north of $200 million. With that, let me turn it back to Kim for the Q&A session.
Kim Duncan: Operator, we're ready to take some questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jon Black with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Jon Black - Stifel: Great. Thanks, and good afternoon. Maybe I'll stick largely sort of big picture. Bob, we're now several of quarter into UPP, we've seen the industry growth even trailing 12 months slow pretty notable. Can you just talk again at a high level, what are you thinking UPP is doing? In other words, is this just inventory noise on the J&J side or is it ushering in a little bit of pricing pressure? Any color you can give us on the channel would be helpful.
Bob Weiss: Well, there's no doubt that UPP has scrambled the egg a bit, not only from a manufacturing point of view, from a retailer point of view. And I think the net of it is there is some reduction of the -- what's out there in total, whether it's fitting at the retailers or whether it's fitting in the distribution channels. And there's no doubt that when you look at the J&J numbers, the fact that they went broad-based with UPP, they maybe got more of the noise tied in with them. So, you know, the jury is still out what it means ultimately, and where it goes ultimately, as I indicated, we remain kind of neutral on it, thinking there is basically a lot of other ways to service the eye care professional who's the one that puts all of the time and energy into fitting patients, and particularly the new patients. So I would say net-net-net it's tightened the pipeline a bit and to some degree a negative on the overall market growth we're seeing right now.
Jon Black - Stifel: Okay. And then just my quick follow-up, I didn't think I'd burn one on CSI, but the metric you're alluding to, I had the old days of American Medical, I just thought that was well in the rearview mirror. So, just to be clear, is this more on the headline litigation noise that's sort of scaring people away from a volume perspective? And then lastly, to flip back to CVI, just to be clear, I think you had 6% market growth expectations last quarter, and did you dial it down just slightly to call it, you know, four or five on the mid-single-digit? Thanks guys.
Bob Weiss: As far as -- yeah, I'll come back on your second question on clarification. But the first thing as far as Mesh [ph], the combination of Mesh [ph] and stress -- urinary incontinence, anything to do with slings [ph] as well as then the tie-in with Morcellation which was, albeit separate, but kind of the same surgical arena, if you will, has taken a toll on really the amount of people going into the gynecologists or surgical procedures at this juncture. So there's a lot of confusion. Can they use Morcellation? We know J&J pulled out of the market an ongoing acceleration of lawsuits and that whole arena. But the long and the short of it is a lot of doctors don't know what they can use and they're kind of defaulting back to the good old, you know, incontinence, things like adult diapers which are doing very well in the market, but that's about where it ends. So, who knows? Your question on the 6%, you want to kind of recap that one?
Jon Black - Stifel: I'm sorry. I just said, I think last quarter you gave some color on industry growth for lenders of around 6%. I don't want to put words in your mouth but you sounded a little bit more cautious. I think you mentioned mid-single digits. So I'm just trying to figure out, could you dial down the market growth expectations on the contact lens side ever so slightly for 2015? Thank you.
Bob Weiss: Yeah. For -- overall we've been saying 4% to 6% without necessarily saying any particular number in that range. So, did we dial down this year? A little -- yeah, there's no doubt that the combination of UPP has taken a little weight off of it, so that this year, 2015, I don't see us being at the top end of the range. Having said that, I think if you adjust for the VAT year over year on a trailing 12-month basis, we're still at around 4%, which is the bottom end of that range. And I would expect improvement going forward.
Jon Black - Stifel: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Chris Pasquale with JPMorgan. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Jon Black - Stifel: Thanks. I want to clarify a couple of points in the guidance. I understand the FX and the surgical commentary, but it looks like you're also making at least a modest reduction in your expectations for CVI pro forma growth. Could you just talk about that and what's behind it?
Bob Weiss: Yeah. I made a comment in my comments on the guidance that it really is a combination of FX as a factor, and the other factor is rationalization of the portfolio, the legacy products that come into play. We did indicate when we put Sauflon together with our product line, we had some decisions to make on which we would promote, which we would redirect, which we would discontinue. So it's factoring in a bit more cannibalization/rationalization.
Chris Pasquale - JPMorgan: Do you feel like that process has now concluded or is that still something you're working through?
Bob Weiss: I would say in our revised guidance, we think we factored the current thinking. Having said that, I would not say we've concluded all the challenges of what to do with kind of the plethora of legacy products we have on both sides of the aisle. So in some degree, some cases were taking a product into a private label modality and it will survive; in other cases it will not survive. That is not a concluded exercise at this juncture.
Chris Pasquale - JPMorgan: Okay. And then can you talk a little bit about what's driving the tax rate guidance lower and what the earnings impact of that is, helping you sort of offset that top line hit?
Greg Matz: I think, yeah, from a tax perspective, we are -- we had, you know, again, we've had some normal discretes that we normally do in the quarter. We have incorporated Sauflon, which is -- has gone well. And so it's nothing really out of the ordinary that we've seen in the prior quarter. Rate is a little bit low. You know, rates do fluctuate. We felt comfortable looking at the full year that the rate would be a little lower than we had originally guided to. And again that -- it just takes an opportunity to see where the tax -- where tax laws are going, and as of now we feel comfortable of that 8% to 9% range.
Chris Pasquale - JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo: Hey guys. Thanks for taking the question. Hope you can hear me okay. If I heard correctly, the CooperVision pro forma growth is 9% for the full year. You gave 6% in the first half. So that implies, if I'm doing the math right, 12% in the second half for CooperVision, which is pretty strong?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo: So what drives that? Do you expect a step-up in the growth rate in the third quarter from Q2? And I had one follow-up.
Bob Weiss: Okay. Well, a couple of things. We obviously talked a lot about product ramp-up with our new products Clariti and MyDay. So the fact that we, among other things, will be rolling out and launching MyDay in the U.S. in August, and when it comes to Clariti, the ramp-up of production has gone very well. We're actually ahead of the curve there, which gives us a little bit more muscle and power in the marketplace. Keep in mind, in the second quarter, with the Clariti rollout in the U.S., we were still at a bottleneck getting the supply channel freed up, getting fitting sets out. Now we're in a pretty robust rollout of our fitting sets and are optimistic we have the supply channel coming onboard to better service the quarter and the roll forward.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo: Bob, on the step-up in Q3, so you expect a sequential increase?
Bob Weiss: Yes. And part of the step-up relative to the year-over-year growth is easier comps. In the second quarter, of course, we had Japan and the VAT which was a substantial hurdle as we can see from the Asia Pac numbers, the fact that they're down for the calendar quarter substantially, 6%.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo: Thanks, Bob. And then just lastly for me, could you talk about your commitment to CooperSurgical at this point? I mean it's obviously unrelated to CooperVision, so the recent performance has kind of been great. Are you still -- do you still think it makes sense to keep these two companies together? And Greg, is that tax rate sustainable beyond 2015? And I'll drop. Thanks.
Bob Weiss: All right. So I'll take the first one. CooperSurgical, we understand kind of the revisiting of that with the things going on between our rationalization of the product line in IBF [ph]. The foreign exchange hit we had in IBF, which is an offshore business predominantly, and then now coupled with the Mesh [ph] and the Morcellator issues in the U.S., we think that's short-lived. We're very excited for the new product pipeline that is now coming through surgical. And we see the IBF [ph] business as very attractive long term once we're through the rationalization period. So we like that side of it. The fact that there is minimal CapEx and it generates a lot of cash flow and it first perfectly in what our tax structure. And with that, I'll turn the tax side over to Greg.
Greg Matz: Yeah. And Larry, as you know, we don't give guidance on the tax rate going forward. But there's a lot that goes into it. There's geographic split of income, there are discretes that we have year to year. And so there's a lot that we look at, and also tax law changes. There's a lot happening on the forefront. So at this point in time with our current structure, we've ran over the last three or four years, we've been at non-GAAP tax range of around 9%. So I think there's nothing that we see at this point in time that dramatically changes that.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo: Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert Baird. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Jeff Johnson - Robert Baird: Guys, let me ask one clarifying question, then I have one other follow-up as well. But Bob, on the U.S. market where CLI data is showing a plus 2%. I know you talked about that being somewhat UPP related and things like that. My understanding is the CLI data is kind of sell-in data at the distributor level from manufacturer to distributor and manufacturer to end-user, or retail accounts, things like that. What does HPR data, or anything that would kind of show us end-user pull-through demand, is that data looking better? It's not data we see, but hopefully you still see HPR data or something else. Is the U.S. market healthier at the end-user level than it is at what we use when looking at the CLI data?
Bob Weiss: Great question. The data we look at is also known as GFK data. The -- it used to HPR in the past, now there is new data. But the same concept is basically On Eye. And it doesn't populate everything, but what it does populate looks very good relative to the traffic into the eye care professionals. So what we're seeing in the industry going out the door is not a true picture of what is happening in the On Eye part of the industry, which is good news. It means that, once the pipeline kind of gets realigned to wherever it needs to settle out post-UPP, it should settle out at some time in the near future while we catch up with the robust growth of the On Eye part of the industry. So we're --
Jeff Johnson - Robert Baird: Right. Yeah, that's helpful. Then one other question, just on the CLI data, and then on your fiscal results. You know, it looks like your growth in the calendar 1Q by CLI data was much better than your fiscal growth, fiscal Q2 growth, which one read on that could be that April was a bad month for you guys. Now it doesn't sound like that's the case from some of the things you're saying, but it sounds like, you know, CLI data January through March was better than fiscal being February through April. So, can you help reconcile that for me? And then kind of tell me what the reach should be from all that?
Bob Weiss: Yeah, I think your read is right that the first calendar quarter was robust. April was okay. Part of that is comp related. So we're not reading -- I guess the short of it is we say one quarter does not a trend make, whether or not you're looking at fiscal or calendar. We look at a lot more than that. And there's nothing we see particularly anomalous relative to the month, April, that comes into play.
Jeff Johnson - Robert Baird: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets: Thank you so much. Can you hear me okay?
Bob Weiss: Good. Go ahead, Joanne.
Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets: I had two questions. The first one is on UPP. How does this impact you? I mean, how do we think about the impact to your sales? And are there additional expenses legal or otherwise that we need to be thinking about until this comes out of [inaudible] or it's resolved?
Bob Weiss: Yeah. On UPP, obviously most of the manufacturers are only dealing with some new products they've rolled out. UPP to us, while we can't predict what it means from a legal point of view, there's obviously legal activity that goes on in various proposals. Net-net-net, Cooper doesn't weigh in one way or the other. If it goes away tomorrow, that's okay. That's okay. What it means in the marketplace on AR -- average realized prices are the prices going up from the manufacturer or down. Suffice it to say, there seems to be more arguments that some manufacturers are net up in their pricing. But having said that, that's a little difficult as an assessment because in most cases, ex J&J, they're all about new products. So that's kind of arbitrary assessment. Is it net up or net down or just a new product launch and a technique. So, remains to be debated there. I think manufacturers are doing their price strategy as they see fit with or without UPP, which means, at the end of the day we're going to position products, if it's going to be in the premium market, the way we want, if it's going to be in the mass market, the way we want. And coupons and other vehicles that had been around forever will traditionally play into that, and it's kind of like UPP is just another marketing strategy, if you will. So it's no big deal to me but I know it's a bigger deal with a lot of people.
Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets: Thank you. And as a follow-up, what was interesting to us is that you lowered the revenue but maintained the UPS. You noted operational efficiencies. Can you highlight a couple of those and if one is greater than the other? That would be helpful. Thank you.
Bob Weiss: Sure. Sure. The operational efficiencies that are going well, we're ecstatic about two things. One is the production ramp-up with related lower cost of goods. So that will ripple its way into more of the tail-end of our gross margins in the fourth quarter because we -- we kind of see some of that coming through. On the SG&A area, the integration around the world has gone very efficiently, particularly in Europe which is getting the brunt of a lot of the rationalization and realignment. So all of that has gone extremely well and we're more optimistic about the amount of synergy we're getting out of that integration.
Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Larry Keusch with Raymond James. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Larry Keusch - Raymond James: Okay. Thanks. Good afternoon. Perhaps for Greg. If you look at the reduction in the guidance, I guess particularly on CVI, at the midpoint of the range. Could you help, you know, just parse out what's driving that absolute reduction there?
Greg Matz: So I think Bob mentioned in his script, you've got a little bit of product rationalization. And part of that, you also have to step back and look at what we did in Q2. So, a good chunk of that comes from the fact that Q2 we were light and probably, based on various guidance, the actual is probably light somewhere around $9 million. So, taking that off, you had some currency impact there. And then as you go into the second half, a little bit of currency impact and then you've got again the product rationalization, maybe cannibalization.
Larry Keusch - Raymond James: Okay. So you're saying that, at the midpoint of the range, if the math's right, that $27 million, that CVI is coming down. Nine sounds like it's coming out of the 2Q performance. And then the remainder is FX and product rationalization, is that the right way to think about it?
Bob Weiss: Yeah, probably --
Greg Matz: -- but, yeah --
Bob Weiss: Yeah. I think we're saying about $3 million of FX in the back half.
Larry Keusch - Raymond James: Okay. Okay, perfect. And then, Bob, on the fitting sets, you provided a little bit of commentary around that. But could you step us through kind of where we are today with how, you know, sort of the timeline for continuing to move the bulk of those fitting sets? Originally you had sort of planned to really get it done by June. Obviously it sounds like that's not necessarily going to happen. And if you were to think about your targeted accounts, you know, what percentage now, you know, really has a fitting set there, for Clariti?
Bob Weiss: Yeah. I guess I don't want to overplay how advanced we are in terms of having done it off. We were very successful in unbottlenecking what we wanted to get out in March and in April. So, as of the end of the quarter, we were -- I guess about now, we're north of 20,000 fitting sets. Keep in mind that that is -- that some accounts have three different fitting sets, and that 20,000 is the combination of multifocal, torics, as well as the spheres. Relative to the total market, the total market is over 37,000 fitters, of which let's say 30,000 is the total. We have a long way to go to address all of that market with all of the types of lenses. But obviously we're doing that in a prioritized manner, but not always doing just the Cooper accounts. We also are, to a degree, going after our competitors' choice accounts, which to some they would be frequent to reciprocate on that. So, long and the short of it is the rollout of fitting sets is a multiyear program, it's not going to be done in total just the next 12 months. We're far from saying we're there already on that.
Larry Keusch - Raymond James: Okay. And then lastly, just on the free cash flow comment that you made relative to '16, and you're saying you won't be surprised that we're at north of $300 million. Can you step us through again sort of how you're thinking about CapEx this year, what it might imply for the following year to be up in that $300 million range? And again, where do you think the, you know, as you move through this sort of manufacturing cycle, where do you think CapEx can bottom out at?
Bob Weiss: So I think where we are is this year we're expecting to be north of the $200 million we've talked about. And it wouldn't surprise us to be in the range of $50 million to $75 million less next year than we are this year. So for example, this -- we finished this year at 225, just to pick a round number, someplace north of 200, and it came down $75 million to $150 million. It would be in that kind of level, $50 million to $75 million of incremental free cash flow, combined with improved profitability, would get us to that $300 million-ish range of free cash flow. As far as sustained, if we talk about the sustained CapEx rate, where we're going north of $200 million now, it clearly will be well below that 200 and probably below the 150 mark post-2016. So that what we have done the last couple of years is built a lot of the bricks and mortars, spent a lot of money in what we call Speedwell in the U.K., and Costa Rica, our facility there, building the bricks and mortars. As I indicated in our capital requirements, the cost of a line for Sauflon's production for silicone hydrogel is one-third our cost. So you're talking about a huge model change on capital requirements, the same level of throughput capacity. So that's why we're pretty optimistic not only about 2016 but the go-forward period.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Brian Weinstein with William Blair. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Brian Weinstein - William Blair: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I'm wondering if you could provide any early feedback you've had from the KOLs in the U.S. on MyDay? You've started shipping stuff to them right after last quarter's conference call. So, any positive or any negative feedback that you're getting from your KOLs?
Bob Weiss: Yeah. It's probably a little early to, you know, too much substantive feedback on the U.S. key opinion leaders, but suffice it to say MyDay has been in the market for several years now in Europe. So we have a pretty good read on how it compares to others in the premium category where it's headed. So that, you know, that's clearly total one end [ph] and TruEye, we feel good about MyDay in that space and how the market should handle it.
Brian Weinstein - William Blair: Given the focus here, obviously on the dailies, we've seen over a period of, what, seven, eight, nine years for the silicone hydrogel in the two-week and monthly modalilities to kind of go from this high teens to over 70% of the total, how long does that take for the dailies to kind of get to that sort of a level? Is it a nine-year process again? Is it a five-year process? You know, what are your thoughts on that?
Bob Weiss: Well, I think that's where we come in to play. Because if things kind of continued the way they were, with only premium silicone hydrogels, then your model would be you'll never get there. Because not everyone can afford a premium silicone hydrogel. Our whole thesis is we want to make it available for everyone and the sweet spot of the market, which is the [inaudible] spot of the market, where the masses are. Now you're talking about moving that paradigm to never getting there to probably still five to seven-year period to really significantly influence. The one thing going for us is we already have a lot of converted masses so that eye care professionals already know they like it in the two-week and the monthly market. What's going against this is you're now dealing where 730 lenses are a lot to buy. So to the extent someone is really price limited, they're going to look for the bottom of the basement on what's a good product at the lowest price. And that may mean they don't go with a silicone hydrogel. So I think that part of the paradigm is really when we talk about -- it will take you a lot longer to reach much further down, which would be more cost of goods reduction play if it's going to really get there. So I think it will move quite a bit but it's not going to move quite as high as we are in the two-week and the monthly.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Matthew O'Brien with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open, please go ahead. MOB: Good afternoon. Thanks for sneaking me in. Just a couple of real quick ones. As far as the [inaudible] in the Q now for a while, as far as the ability to expand the utilization of that manufacturing process into other modality that you're selling [inaudible] et cetera, can you just give us any sense for your ability to take that elsewhere over time, not necessarily this year or even next year, but can you get it into the other modalities that you're selling? And then just real quickly, Greg, you paid down about $50 million of debt this quarter. You're talking about $300 million of free cash flow next year. Do you think that we should expect some level, you know, absent M&A et cetera, some level of pay-down similar to this quarterly rate next year, so, maybe $200 million on annual basis? Thank you.
Bob Weiss: All right. As far as the use of the platform, suffice it to say, our pipeline of products and product rationalization, certain products will not be able to make, at least in any short-term sense, a migration from alcohol product to a non-alcohol product. So we would not be able to take a Biofinity and a Novera [ph] and move them onto a Sauflon platform as we know it. Having said that, is there mixing and matching attempts going on? Of course, in R&D. So we're looking at future generations of products. And looking at future generations of products, we obviously will have a bias to take the knowhow we now have and leverage that as best we can. Having said that, we have so much to do in terms of the ramp-up and rollout of Clariti as we now know it, that it's going to keep us busy for several years. So, even if we did have a magic bullet that can take one of our existing products onto that platform, we're still limited in terms of capacity for the near future on that platform. But as I indicated in my commentary, that's something that the ease of expansion is proving reasonably easy by way of the cost of the equipment, the timeframe in getting the equipment in. So, two years from now we should have a different discussion on that. As far as free cash, go ahead, Greg.
Greg Matz: Yes. So I think, Matt, when it comes to debt, yeah, we are happy with being able to pay down the roughly $47 million worth of debt. And I think next year is we have more free cash flow. Obviously our uses of cash stay the same. We're organic investment, M&A, debt paydown is obviously one of those, and we would definitely be looking at the opportunity to do that as the quarters progress. So, yeah, that's definitely one of the things that we'll be paying attention to. How much, I don't want to get into, how much it is, there's a lot that plays out between now and then.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research: Hi, good evening, and thanks for taking my questions. Just two primary ones. First, Greg, I think I probably asked you this question last quarter, but from two quarters ago, the midpoint of your revenue guidance is now down I believe $90 million or roughly 5%, but your earnings guidance really hasn't changed all that much. It sounds like also your operating margin guidance you also haven't changed all that much. So, could you maybe walk through what's driving your ability to kind of maintain earnings despite your revenue coming down an expected 5%? And then secondly, on the Clariti lenses and your comments regarding product rationalization, I heard I think both Bob and Greg today talk about cannibalization as well, and so, for the first time, which I hadn't heard in the past. So I was wondering if you could -- do you have any thoughts as to the Clariti one day sales, you know, who -- what lenses are those replacing? Are they your own, are they competitors, et cetera? Thanks so much guys.
Greg Matz: Yeah. I think, Steve, just going on the earnings, it really comes down to the guidance. It seems similar, but if you look at it, let's just take gross margin, and we said it was around 63, we're now seeing it being north of 63. So we're seeing it, you know, sliding up a couple of tenths here and there. Operating margins, the same thing. Taxes is definitely, you know, we were guiding originally 10 to 12, now we're looking at -- or 9 to 11, I mean, and now we're looking at 8 to 9. We've dropped our shares a few hundred thousand shares. So you put all that together, you know, from the standpoint that we're feeling comfortable with our midpoint now and we definitely want to make sure again we feel good about the second half, and so I think we're good at where we're at this point.
Bob Weiss: Yeah. As far as product rationalization and cannibalization, there always was the expectation that we would rationalize, there also was always the expectation that some of the Clariti rollout would cannibalize, and the whole of Sauflon would cannibalize part of our portfolio and others. So the introduction of Clariti into the U.S., for example, is -- the whole plan is to cannibalize, if you will, the sweet spot of the market, which is more J&J's Moist, meaning we're trying to switch out as well as get the new fits in the marketplace. We're directly targeting their wears. So that was always part of the plan and it was always part of the plan to have some cannibalization as well as some rationalization in the guidance we were coming out with. The comment on the $90 million drop in revenue at the midpoint from December, yeah, that was very indicative of the fact that we, as we've gotten to Sauflon, see a lot more synergy coming to play and are really impressed with their ability to cut costs [inaudible] with the foreign exchange hit, we had - you would have seen real degradation of gross margin which are not seen in the numbers. So we've been able to hold on to the gross margin that otherwise would have been penalized by the amount of foreign exchange hit we've taken along the way.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research: Okay. Bob, just one follow-up on that. I think one of the things, at least I'm confused on, is, you know, it looks like you're bringing down your revenue guidance by around $30 million due to, I would say, operations, whether that's product rationalization or cannibalization. Can you provide any kind of specifics to what you're doing in terms of this product rationalization? Because it was my understanding that you kind of had already assumed product rationalization when you bought Sauflon and provided guidance over the past couple of quarters.
Bob Weiss: Yes. So, some of that is, and I think, in my comments, I alluded to some of our legacy products, which would be your two-week and your monthly, and in particular, your non-silicone hydrogel families, are being, if you will, impacted, and some of them were discontinuing. So in those areas, we're talking about we've been able to take off the top and hold the bottom line by just having a more efficient, higher gross margin product portfolio.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from the line of Anthony Petrone with Jefferies. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies: Thanks. Maybe just to stay on that topic, Bob, in terms of product rationalization, I'm just wondering, you know, swapping in Clariti and taking out some of the older lines, how that plays out from an ASP standpoint? I was under the impression that Clariti actually carried somewhat lower ASPs than the Cooper base of lenses. So, just wondering how product rationalization affects price near term, medium term. And then I have one follow-up. Thanks.
Bob Weiss: Well, as far as -- of course, selling the one day and going from a two-week or a monthly to a one-day is of course a trade-up of revenue. Relative to gross margin, gross margin is considerably more attractive than what we initially thought about the one day modality. So, said another way is whereas the past -- kind of think of the model is 50% for one day at the gross margin line but a much smaller operating cost, we actually are seeing margins that are north of that 50% with Clariti. So, better gross margins. ASP, yeah, you can't compare the ASP on a one sell versus a sell-to-sell basis. You're obviously sort of comparing a monthly using 24 lenses or a two-week which happens to use 24 lenses even though it should use 52, then obviously you're going to get a much lower ARP with a much higher revenue in aggregate with that switch. As far as -- we look to the o-eye [ph] line when we do those trade-offs of the profitability. Switching out to some of these products on a profit-for-patient basis is enormous if we can switch them from a two-week to a daily, for example, in the process.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies: That's helpful. And maybe just to follow up, would be on UPP. I'm just wondering, have you seen that result in market share shifts? And so you mentioned on prior calls that big box [ph] retailers are really not in favor of UPP, and those that had been more aggressive where they potentially are at risk of losing share, is that something that you've seen or is that something potentially you can see going forward? Thanks.
Bob Weiss: Yeah. Well, I think anyone that tracks the reported numbers of our competitors know there is some pretty big market share shifts going on surrounding that. And you're correct, the big box [ph] retailers have been more vocal, as we know, and some of that shift or reactionary, if you will, to what at least one of our competitors did in the marketplace. So, now that's a two-way street because obviously not everyone is an independent eye care professional and not everyone is a retailer and there's a whole bunch of gradations in the middle So it's not one size fits all. But net-net-net, you can see Cooper's numbers that we're putting up are pretty robust.
Operator: Thank you. And I would now like to turn the conference back to Mr. Bob Weiss for any closing remarks.
Bob Weiss: Well, I want to thank everyone for their participation and questions. And we look forward to updating you on the progress we're making and the MyDay launch that happens in August when we're on the phone for our next call which is September 3rd. And with that, operator, thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-03-05 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Kim Duncan - Vice President, Investor Relations Robert S. Weiss - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Gregory W. Matz - Vice President, Chief Financial & Risk Officer
Analysts: Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Chris T. Pasquale - JPMorgan Securities LLC Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Anthony C. Petrone - Jefferies LLC Jon D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Steve B. Willoughby - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Joanne K. Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Matthew Mishan - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Steve M. Lichtman - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker) Lawrence S. Keusch - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2015 The Cooper Companies Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. My name is Tony and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Kim Duncan. Please proceed.
Kim Duncan - Vice President, Investor Relations: Good afternoon, and welcome to The Cooper Companies' first quarter 2015 earnings conference call. I'm Kim Duncan, Vice President of Investor Relations. And joining me on today's call are Bob Weiss, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Matz, Chief Financial Officer; and Al White, Chief Strategy Officer. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market or regulatory conditions, and integration of any acquisitions or their failure to achieve anticipated benefits. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data, or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption, Forward-Looking Statements, in today's earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including the business section of Cooper's Annual Report on Form 10-K. These are publicly available and on request from the company's Investor Relations department. Now, before I turn the call over to Bob, let me comment on the agenda for the call. Bob will begin by providing highlights on the quarter, followed by Greg, who will then discuss the first quarter financial results. We will keep the formal presentation to roughly 30 minutes and then open up the call for questions. We expect the call to last approximately one hour. We request that anyone asking questions please limit yourself to one question. Should you have any additional questions, please call our investor line at 925-460-3663 or e-mail ir@cooperco.com. As a reminder, this call is being webcast, and a copy of the earnings release is available through the Investor Relations section of The Cooper Companies website. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Bob for his opening remarks.
Robert S. Weiss - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Kim, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the first quarter conference call. We're off to a good start this year and there's plenty to talk about. Let me start by highlighting three key points for the call. First, Sauflon integration is going extremely well. We've made significant progress and we're either on or ahead of schedule across the board. You can see this reflected in our operating expenses, where synergies are evident. I'll provide more detail during the call as there are still a number of integration items in process, but I remain confident, we'll complete the vast majority of integration work by the end of the fiscal year. Second, CooperVision posted 7% pro forma revenue growth for contact lenses in our first fiscal quarter. Compared to the total contact lens market for the first calendar quarter, CooperVision grew twice as fast as the market and gained share in every region of the world. Third, we're putting up solid results as our business fundamentals are strong. You can see that clearly in our market share gains along with our margins which led to a very strong earnings per share. Even with currency forecasted to negatively impact our second quarter through fourth quarter revenue by an additional $40 million or $0.43 per share, we're increasing the lower end of our earnings per share guidance to reflect that strength. Overall, the quarter's performance continues to support our long range plan, which includes achieving operating margins over 26% in 2018. Although currency remains a significant headwind, I believe we have a fairly straightforward path to achieving our margin goal by staying focused and executing on our existing business as we did this quarter. Now, let me get into some of the details for the quarter. On a consolidated basis, the first quarter revenues grew 10% year-over-year to $445 million. We posted non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.75 and recorded free cash flow of $28 million. CooperVision posted revenues of $369 million, up 13% year-over-year, and this included a fairly decent negative currency impact led by the euro. Since our last earnings call, our Q1 revenues were negatively impacted by currency by roughly $4 million. Regardless, our strong product portfolio performed well and we posted solid results. On a pro forma basis, our contact lens business grew 7% and CooperVision overall grew 6% when including solutions. As a reminder, when I refer to pro forma, I mean adjusting for currency and including Sauflon in both quarters. Overall, our silicone hydrogel family drove top line growth with $195 million in revenues. Our silicone hydrogel family is very deep with our monthly Biofinity family leading the way posting 14% constant currency growth in Q1. Our two-week Avaira family of silicone hydrogel products grew 9% in constant currency. It's important to note we're still under indexed against the market in the two-week and monthly silicone space. Silicones represent roughly 73% of that market and we're at 64%, so we should continue growing our two-week and monthly silicones nicely for many years. Regarding Sauflon's 1 day lenses, clariti had a very strong quarter up 24% pro forma and MyDay was up 62% in constant currency. As a reminder, with the acquisition of Sauflon, we're now the only company offering a two-tiered approach to the daily silicone hydrogel market with clariti positioned as our mass market offering and MyDay as our premium offering. We continue to believe there is a great opportunity to split the daily silicone market with a premium and mass market lens. We also believe we have the premier portfolio to become the market leader in the coming years. In addition to being the only company offering a two-tier strategy, our mass market portfolio includes a sphere, toric and multifocal, which no one else has. Regarding clariti in the U.S., we're off to a great start distributing fitting sets with a significant number going out in January and February, and many more to come as we progress through the year. To add a little color to the U.S. clariti story, it's important to note clariti is the largest and fastest product rollout in CooperVision's history. The only challenge we're experiencing is that demand is stronger than we anticipated. We're working hard to address this by maintaining a strong focus on minimizing backorders. While also working to meet the significant number of requests for fitting sets, an important point to mention is that manufacturing is going extremely well, and we'll work through this very quickly. I will admit, it's nice to say our biggest challenge is too much demand. Regarding MyDay, we continue to make progress in Europe and we'll be releasing lenses to key opinion leaders in the U.S. this month. We also maintain a target for the U.S. launch later this year. Going forward, we expect to continue rolling out MyDay as a premier  premium lens and we're optimistic we'll see faster margin expansion than we were expecting prior to the Sauflon acquisition. We're also keenly focused on receiving regulatory approval in Japan which is in process. Regarding timing on that, we still anticipate a Japan launch in fiscal 2016, with clariti to follow thereafter. Combining clariti and MyDay, we still expect around $175 million of sales for the fiscal year with clariti being about 75% of that. Note, this is slightly better than previously indicated as a weaker euro is hurting reported sales. Our specialty business remained strong with toric growing 9% pro forma and multifocals growing 23% pro forma. We continue to lead the global market in these specialized categories and we're taking market share. Regarding Proclear, sales were up 3%. This was a pretty solid quarter for Proclear, as it shows there is still growth in the non-silicone space. On a regional basis, we were especially strong in the Americas, up 11% pro forma. This was led by a strong quarter for Biofinity. Going forward, we anticipate the U.S. growth will remain strong as we rollout clariti or as it continues to progress. Europe posted another solid quarter, up 4% pro forma. My hat's off to the team for posting solid results, while completing significant integration activity. At times, we get so excited about clariti, we don't offer sufficient congratulations to the folks working extremely long hours on integrating the business, while selling product. So, again, congrats to our European team. On a fiscal quarter basis, Asia-Pac was softer than usual, up 1% pro forma. Having said that, the comp for Q1 of last year was 17% growth in Asia-Pac, so it did well holding its own, if you will. To provide more details on Sauflon integration activity, as I've mentioned, we're making a lot of progress. You'll notice a non-GAAP adjustment this quarter associated with the integration, which includes equipment write-offs tied to adjusting our manufacturing platforms. We also incurred a number of one-time charges within operating expenses associated with integrating the sales force and other commercial areas. At this point, I believe you'll see similar charges in Q2 as we finalize decisions around our one-day manufacturing, while we also  while also completing additional integration activities within operating expenses. I believe you'll also see additional one-time charges in Q3 and Q4, but I'm confident the vast majority of this work will be completed by the end of the fiscal year. Finally, on Sauflon, it's important to note, this acquisition was a major step forward on a number of fronts, and this includes R&D. On this slide, I'm happy to say, the head of Sauflon's manufacturing has assumed the position of the Head of R&D for CooperVision. This is a great move, and I'm confident it will yield positive results in the coming years as we incorporate Sauflon's know-how  knowledge around material formulation into our existing and future product lines. And remember, Sauflon's manufacturing lines cost roughly one-third the price of ours. They receive lines in half the time it takes us, and their lines have better flexibility around shifting production from one product to another. A large reason for this is the material formulation which provides the ability to produce silicone lenses without alcohol. This is a major step forward, and as we integrate this new manufacturing platform and formulation expertise, it will allow us to add manufacturing lines in a much more cost-effective manner. This will reduce future CapEx, thus improving free cash flow, allowing  along with yielding a lower cost per unit which we anticipate seeing in the P&L beginning in mid-fiscal year 2016. To conclude on integration activity, nothing has changed with respect to my belief around the future. Our team continues to do a great job integrating the business, and that includes ramping up production. Everything remains on or ahead of plan. Now, let me comment on the overall contact lens market. As a reminder, this data is listed on the last page of our earnings release. For 2014, we are not including Sauflon in our results, but we will do so in 2015. Had we included Sauflon in 2014, our performance against the market would look even stronger, but even so we're solidly taking market share. Overall, the market rebounded slightly from Q3, up 4%. CooperVision grew twice that, up 8%. And again, this is without Sauflon. Regionally, market grew 5% in the Americas, with CooperVision posting growth of 7%, and EMEA, the market grew 5% and we grew 7%, while in Asia-Pac, the market grew 1% and we were up a strong 11%. I couldn't be happier to say we grew twice the overall market and faster in every region of the world. Also, if we look at the markets on a modality basis, that's  the single-use market continue to drive growth of 5%, while we grew 10%. Non-single use lenses grew 2% and we grew 7%. In general, when I look at the market, it's running a little softer than the 5% to 6% I'd expect, but there are a few interesting dynamics right now, including UPP, or Unilateral Pricing Policy, which are having an impact on the U.S. market. At the end of the day though, I'll be surprised if we don't return to a market growing in around 6% for this calendar year. We're seeing pricing from the manufacturing perspective being fairly stable, if not up slightly, and we're seeing growth in the single-use market which will continue to drive overall market growth. The additional capacity coming online for daily silicone hydrogels will also drive stronger market growth. Overall, the takeaway is that we have a fairly healthy market and I believe you'll continue seeing us taking share especially with the addition of clariti portfolio. Moving to CooperSurgical, revenues were flat in constant currency, but gross margins improved a point to 64% as we continue executing on our strategy to rationalize certain low-margin capital equipment sales. With respect to our fertility business, we grew 1% in constant currency which was the result of a solid disposable sales offset by a reduction in capital equipment sales. Going forward, I expect we'll continue to see lower revenue growth in fertility until we annualize the removal of certain low-margin capital equipment sales, which should begin in fiscal Q3. Meanwhile, our office and surgical procedures business was flat as it continues to deal with the pains of a challenging OB/Gyn environment in the United States. On the plus side, our strategy to focus on improving gross margins while staying focused on operating expenses resulted in stand-alone non-GAAP operating margins increasing a point to 23%. Now, let me touch on guidance. Our fiscal 2015 guidance remains the same for revenues on a pro forma basis. We're still expecting CooperVision to grow in the 8% to 11% range for the year and more strength in Q3, Q4 as clariti becomes more readily available in the United States. For CooperSurgical, the story remains the same as we continue to forecast 3% to 7% constant currency revenue growth for the year, with more strength in Q3 and Q4. In total, the results  this results in a 7% to 10% pro forma growth for the year. For earnings per share, we're increasing the bottom end of the range to reflect fundamental strength in the business. And remember, this is in the face of additional currency headwinds which are negatively impacting us by roughly an additional $0.43 in Q2 through Q4 from where we last provided guidance in December. I'll let Greg get into the specific details behind the P&L and currency in a few minutes. Lastly on the financials, improving free cash flow while investing in the business remains extremely important to us. We're remaining  we're maintaining our guidance of having both free cash flow and CapEx over $200 million this fiscal year. Having said that, I continue to believe we'll see lower CapEx in fiscal 2016 while operating cash flow continues to grow. So I anticipate very strong free cash flow in 2016 and subsequent years. Regarding strategy, we're continuing with our successful strategy which I frequently articulated in the past. This includes investing in our business to take market share by expanding geographically, aggressively rolling out products such as clariti and investing in emerging markets such as China. We do this while remaining keenly focused on delivering solid earnings per share growth. And finally, we'll buy back shares if it makes sense as we did in Q1 repurchasing 100,000 shares at an average price of approximately $160. We believe we can accomplish all our objectives by reducing debt and increasing profits, which supports our investment grade debt rating. In summary, before I turn it over to Greg, let me say how happy I am with our business. We're making significant progress integrating Sauflon and this year is looking good. We're also positioning ourselves for strong fiscal 2016. Our profit margins are solid and our free cash flow generation is strong and I remain bullish on the future. With that, let me express my appreciation to our employees, our number one asset. Their hard work and dedication to creating value is the backbone of this  of our success. And now, I'll turn it over to Greg to cover our financial results.
Gregory W. Matz - Vice President, Chief Financial & Risk Officer: Thanks, Bob, and good afternoon, everyone. Bob shared with you a pretty thorough review of the market and our revenue picture, so let me start with gross margins. Looking at gross margins, in Q1, the consolidated GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins were 62.1% and 64.2%, respectively, compared with 64.9% for GAAP and non-GAAP for the prior year. The primary difference between GAAP and non-GAAP is related to equipment rationalization due to the Sauflon acquisition. When comparing non-GAAP gross margins for this quarter to Q1 2014, we experienced a significant negative impact to revenues from FX, combined with higher pound-based inventory turnings through the P&L. In addition to the FX headwind, the inclusion of Sauflon in this year's first quarter reduced gross margins as that business operates at a lower margin due to their high percentage of daily sales. These headwinds were partially offset by product mix led by Biofinity, as well as some other favorable manufacturing period expenses. With respect to gross margins for this quarter, they did come in higher than we had anticipated. There were several reasons for this, including better product mix from higher Biofinity sales in the U.S. and lower daily sales in Japan, along with lower manufacturing period expenses. As a reminder, Biofinity margins run solidly north of 70%, while our daily sales in Japan are around 50%. For the remainder of the year, we expect gross margins around 63%, such that the year will be just north of 63%. CooperVision, on a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis, reported gross margin of 61.7% and 64.2%, respectively, versus 65.4% for GAAP and non-GAAP in Q1 last year. The difference between GAAP and non-GAAP is largely related to equipment rationalization from the Sauflon acquisition. The drop in non-GAAP gross margin, as I mentioned earlier was due to FX and Sauflon, partially offset by product mix led by Biofinity as well as a lower favorable manufacturing period expenses. CooperSurgical had a GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin of 63.8% and 64%, respectively, which compares to Q1 2014 of 63.1%. As Bob mentioned, gross margins improved as we've reduced low margin capital equipment sales within our fertility business. The difference between GAAP and non-GAAP relates to approximately $200,000 worth of severance costs. Now looking at operating expenses, on a GAAP basis, SG&A expenses increased by approximately 10% from the prior year to approximately $173.5 million, and were 39% of revenue same as the prior year. On a non-GAAP basis, SG&A increased approximately 6% to $167.2 million. The difference between GAAP and non-GAAP was $6.3 million due largely to integration and restructuring cost related to the Sauflon acquisition. SG&A on a non-GAAP basis decreased 1% sequentially led by synergies from Sauflon. Now looking at R&D; in Q1, R&D on a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis was approximately $16 million, R&D was 3.6% of revenue, down from 3.9% in Q1 2014. Depreciation and amortization; Q1 depreciation was $29.3 million, up $5.4 million and amortization was $13.6 million, up approximately $6.1 million. Moving to operating margins, for Q1 consolidated GAAP operating income and margin were $73.1 million and 16.4% of revenue versus $81.6 million and 20.2% of revenue in Q1 last year. This drop is primarily due to the Sauflon acquisition and the related integration costs. Non-GAAP operating income and margin were $102.6 million and 23% of revenue versus $89.1 million and 22% of revenue for the prior year. This represents a 15% increase in operating income over the prior year. In Q1, CooperVision had a GAAP operating income and margin of $73.2 million and 19.8% of revenue versus the prior year Q1 of $84.1 million and 25.8%. On a non-GAAP basis, operating income and margin were $98.4 million and 26.6% of revenue versus $88.4 million and 27.1% of revenue in the prior year, up 11% year-over-year. CSI had GAAP operating income and margin of $13.2 million and 17.4% of revenue versus the prior year $14.2 million and 18% of revenue. Non-GAAP operating income and margin were $17.5 million and 23.1% of revenue versus Q1 2014 of $17.4 million operating income and 22.1% of revenue. Now looking at interest expense; interest expense was $3.9 million for the quarter, up $2.3 million year-over-year, primarily due to the acquisition of Sauflon. Interest expense is expected to be higher in the coming quarters as higher interest rates on our bank pricing grid became effective in Q1. We're still forecasting interest expense for the year around $18 million. Looking at the effective tax rate, in Q1, the GAAP and non-GAAP effective tax rate was 8.5% and 10.8% respectively versus Q1 2014 GAAP effective tax rate of 9.1% and non-GAAP effective tax rate of 10.2%. As we've mentioned before, the effective tax rate continues to be below the U.S. statutory rate as the majority of our income is earned in foreign jurisdictions with lower tax rates. With respect to Sauflon, we continue to make progress in incorporating them into our global trade arrangement. Looking at earnings per share, our Q1 earnings per share on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis was $1.25 and $1.75, respectively, versus $1.47 and $1.58 on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis in the prior year. Non-GAAP EPS grew approximately 11% year-over-year. During Q1, we repurchased 100,000 shares at an average share value just below $160 per share for a total cost of just under $16 million. This leaves approximately $170 million available for future share repurchases under the current approved plan. Regarding foreign exchange, we're using rates as of March 5. For our main currencies, we're using $1.11 for the euro, 120 for the yen and $1.53 for the pound. The net impact year-over-year for Q1 was an unfavorable impact of $0.41. In our Q4 earnings call, we discussed this year-over-year EPS deterioration, which is primarily related to the yen, euro and euro tracking currencies. But in addition, a majority of the other currencies have also weakened against the dollar. Based on the differences in rates from our Q4 earnings call and March 5, we expect to see an additional negative $0.43 impact to EPS in Q2 through Q4 2015 split roughly evenly over the three remaining quarters. Looking at the balance sheet and liquidity, in Q1, we had cash provided by operations of $79.8 million, capital expenditures of $65 million, and excluding acquisition-related cost of $13.3 million, resulting in $28.1 million of free cash flow. Total debt increased within the quarter by $13 million to $1.395 billion. Inventories increased approximately $8.6 million to $390.1 million from last quarter, largely due to an increase in daily lenses. For the quarter, we're seeing months on hand at 6.9 months, 7.3 months on hand excluding inventory and equipment rationalization charges, which is up from a month on hand of 7.2 months last year and up from 6.6 months on hand last quarter. Days sales outstanding is at 57 days, which is up from 53 days from the prior quarter last year. Now turning to guidance; Bob had mentioned guidance. In order to provide just a little more color for your models, I will share some additional specifics on our non-GAAP guidance. But before getting into the details, remember the significant impact of currency I discussed earlier, not only has currency impacted revenues and earnings per share, but it obviously also affected the rest of the P&L including margin percentages. The revenue range for the company is $1.858 billion to $1.91 billion or 7% to 10% pro forma growth. CooperVision's revenue range is $1.535 billion to $1.574 billion or 8% to 11% pro forma growth. CSI's revenue range is $323 million to $336 million or 3% to 7% constant currency growth. We expect non-GAAP gross margin to be just north of 63% for the year. OpEx is expected to be around 40%. Operating margin is expected to be around 23%. Interest expense, as I mentioned earlier, is expected to be around $18 million. Our effective tax rate is expected to be in the range of 9% to 11%, and this includes transitioning Sauflon into our global trade arrangement. Our share count is expected to be roughly 49.5 million shares for the year, which is lower than our initial guidance, primarily due to updating our models after our Q1 equity grants and share repurchases. Our non-GAAP earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $7.40 to $7.70 or 22% to 26% growth on a pro forma basis. Finally, we expect capital expenditures and free cash flow for the year to be north of $200 million. With that, let me turn it back to Kim for the Q&A session.
Kim Duncan - Vice President, Investor Relations: Operator, we're ready to open up the call for some questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Mr. Jeff Johnson of Robert W. Baird. Please proceed.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you. Good evening, guys. Can you hear me okay?
Gregory W. Matz - Vice President, Chief Financial & Risk Officer: Yes, Jeff. We can.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. Hey, Bob, just wondering on the Sauflon capacity side. I guess a couple different questions there, I'll roll into one, but I think at your Analyst Day back a few months ago, you  or more than a few months ago, but you talked about a $420 million capacity split, primarily Budapest, but also some in the UK. Can you remind me how many lines that $420 million was spread over and then how do we think about maybe the incremental lines that'll be coming on over the next 6 months to 12 months? And sorry  other part to that, if you're going to be converting any of the other Sauflon lines, maybe two clariti lines away from other kind of Sauflon manufacturing? Thank you.
Robert S. Weiss - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. What we have done to keep it focused and simple is, we're basically just running one-day through Hungary. So, it's north of a $400 million run rate with lines that I want to say are 9 or 10 lines. One of the important things about the lines is their  the timeline to get new ones added and we continue on that path, and of course, as I indicated, there are lower cost and in fact even much lower cost now with the euro and everything going down. So, that's the one silver lining of foreign exchange if you're spending a fair amount of money on CapEx. It's even lower cost at this juncture. But right now, our driving factor is much more the distribution channels from that point forward. In other words, we can ramp up pretty robustly in Budapest and then our continued expansion. All the other products from Sauflon pretty much shifted into the UK operation, the monthlies. So, the focus there is on  in Hungary, on low-cost production, and that's going well. That is not our primary concern right now. Our primary concern is the middle piece, which is getting the fitting sets put together, catching up with the demand. And as I indicated, there's some start/stop that we've got fitting sets out there. They were so well received that we suddenly had to play catch-up, replenishing them, and slowing the demand that they created, and that's created a miniature bottleneck that  when we're talking about a bottleneck, we're talking about weeks as opposed to months or anything like that.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. So, if I understand correctly, it's not that you're having manufacturing capacity constraints even with the strong demand. It's more just getting those lenses out to the end user.
Robert S. Weiss - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's correct.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Pasquale of JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Chris T. Pasquale - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. I want to start with the surprising bottom line strength this quarter. So, Greg, on the 4Q call, you said that you thought both 1Q and 2Q would be down year-over-year, and I think you even called out 1Q as being the bigger challenge from an earnings perspective. So, what changed in the last half of the quarter relative to where you thought you would be?
Gregory W. Matz - Vice President, Chief Financial & Risk Officer: I think if you look at where we'd be, just probably one-third of it was in gross margins, and two-thirds of it was in OpEx. So, on the gross margin front, I think as I mentioned earlier in my comments, there were probably several areas that contributed to the favorable margins. There was nothing that was really out of the ordinary driving margins, but as I mentioned, the high U.S. sales with no FX impact, especially with the higher mix of Biofinity, versus sales in Japan, which would have had a higher mix of dailies and lower margins, as well as the revenue hit you get from the  where the yen is at. In addition, there were lower manufacturing period expenses. We don't think this is necessarily a trend, and so that's why we kind of guided on the gross margin front to around 63% for the next three quarters and a little north of 63% for the year. I think on the OpEx front, the teams did a good job and good expense management. At the same time, I think, we appreciate some of the synergies that we've gotten from the Sauflon acquisition. Some of those are coming to fruition. And so, overall, it was just a very good quarter.
Chris T. Pasquale - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then I just want to understand the moving pieces here with guidance. So, $0.21 beat this quarter relative to consensus, but now you're saying FX $0.43 greater headwinds for the year, so that's a $0.22 negative net. And you're raising the guidance by $0.05 at the midpoint. So, is the right way to think about this that you see $0.27 of additional operating leverage over the final three quarters of the year, or is your math different?
Gregory W. Matz - Vice President, Chief Financial & Risk Officer: I think, that's...
Kim Duncan - Vice President, Investor Relations: That makes sense. Operator? Next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen of Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good afternoon. Thanks, guys, for taking the questions. Hopefully, you can hear me okay. I wanted to ask about the top line growth. So the pro forma sales growth for CooperVision is still 8% to 11%. You did about 6% this quarter. Can you talk about just kind of the cadence of sales and also EPS growth through 2015, back to (35:48) sales growth, do you expect the pro forma sales growth to improve in the second quarter from Q1? And I actually just have one very brief follow-up.
Gregory W. Matz - Vice President, Chief Financial & Risk Officer: Yeah. I think from a phasing point of view, the second quarter is similar to the first quarter in terms of year-over-year challenge. You may remember a year ago, we had the  let's call it the Asia event or the Japanese event with VAT tax and a whole bunch of revenue coming into the second quarter not only for us, but on a calendar year basis for the industry. So that's a tough comp that we expect all other things forgetting about foreign exchange as a factor. And then obviously the foreign exchange comp will go down towards the back-end. We hope anyway that presumes stabilization, if you will. Our comps are easier in the back half for a variety of reasons. One is just the prior year comparison. In other words, some of the VAT tax in Japan came out of the third quarter. So there's somewhat of an easier comp there. In the fourth quarter, we had a number of events we talked about at year-end regarding distribution channels and as well as the recasting of the U.S. Sauflon launch as we migrated distribution from Hicksville into our West Henrietta facility. So, those comps are easier in the back half. And in addition, we have the  of course, the ramp-up and roll-out of the new products. So, we would expect a much more robust back-end growth in the first half.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Excellent. Bob, just to make sure I heard you correctly. The second quarter pro forma growth will look similar to first quarter about 6%, is that what you said? And then just lastly, clariti fitting sets, when do you expect to be distributing new fitting sets in the U.S., then I'll drop? Thanks.
Robert S. Weiss - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. The 6% is not a bad  plus or minus, is not a bad gauge in the second quarter. Fitting sets is one I mentioned  it's more like weeks as opposed of months. So the fitting set timeline, if you will, is we stopped shipping fitting sets a couple weeks ago while we played catch-up, being responsive to those people that already had their fitting sets. We will remove that bottleneck of the fitting sets within weeks.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks for taking the...
Robert S. Weiss - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And therefore, it is not a limit  a rate limiter as we get into  really into the third quarter.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: All right. Thanks for taking my questions, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Anthony Petrone of Jefferies. Please proceed.
Anthony C. Petrone - Jefferies LLC: Thanks and congrats on another good quarter. Maybe, Bob, a little bit on your comments on the marketplace. A little bit of a slowdown in growth broadly, and you mentioned UPP pricing. So, can you specifically give us a little bit more color on where that practice is just industry-wide? In other words, how deeply is it implemented across the U.S.? What has been the feedback from optometrists, and maybe what has the feedback been from larger retailers?
Robert S. Weiss - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, it's pretty predictable. The independent eye care professional loves it. The retailers, they're very vocal about that. And as far as where the practice is right now, of course, J&J was the most aggressive going well beyond new products, whereas the other competitors have pretty much been selective with new products. There is a lot of energy on all fronts that can be imagined going on in that arena, that who knows where it will shake out. I personally think that there are other options to address our loyalty and everyone's loyalty to the eye care professional who's the one that spends all the time, fitting the patient. And that's a little bit what's the undercurrent there. But just stay tuned. I'm more wishy-washy on where it goes, but I respect the individual parties weighing in on it.
Anthony C. Petrone - Jefferies LLC: And just to clarify, Cooper's position is still that they have not joined in on the new pricing structure.
Robert S. Weiss - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We adopted clariti or the Sauflon position on clariti and continue that, and that's what we have done thus far.
Anthony C. Petrone - Jefferies LLC: Helpful. And then the last one from me is just for Greg. Maybe just an update on the extent of the CIBA royalty, what is still being paid overseas, the timing on when that rolls off and maybe what you think the benefit could be come 2016? Thanks again.
Gregory W. Matz - Vice President, Chief Financial & Risk Officer: Yeah. That's a topic that we just don't cover. Again, we have contractual obligations in and privacy on that, so we have not gone into that level of detail. Sorry about that.
Kim Duncan - Vice President, Investor Relations: Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Jon Block of Stifel. Please proceed.
Jon D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks and good evening, guys. I might just be asking an earlier question in different way, and then I have one incremental. But just on the guidance, I think the FX was actually $0.47 relative to the last time you guided. In other words, I think you said $0.43 for the balance of the year, 2Q, 3Q, 4Q, and $0.04 in 1Q. Well, you took out the midpoint by $0.05. So, I get roughly a $0.50 raise on call it operations, but, Bob, constant currency revenue growth really didn't change, and it didn't sound like you're running well ahead on synergy. So, can you just talk to where the $0.50 came from? Is it operations, or it seems like is it more synergies, and if so, where are you overall with synergies? Thanks. And then I got a follow-up.
Robert S. Weiss - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. The synergies is a big factor of it. As Greg indicated, some of it was expense management. Some of it was the gross margin and the favorable mix, with a stronger U.S. showing, which, of course, was more immunized from foreign exchange. In fact, it has the benefit of lower landed cost. So, that was a part of a factor on the gross margin. But having Biofinity perform well with very high gross margin certainly helped gross margin, operating margin from top to bottom, if you will, a little less on the top line, but a lot on the gross margin and OI line. Synergy, clearly some of the early easy decisions, if you will, in terms of bigger dollars in the integration are contributors. So, yes, we are running favorable on synergy relative to this year and getting to where we wanted to get, and that's a factor. As we've indicated, the buyback of 100,000 shares and less of an overhang, our shares is a factor. You are a little right in the sense that in the quarter, we had some modest increment of earnings hurdling foreign exchange. I think, it was more like $0.01 than it was $0.05, however. And I'll let Greg maybe comment on that.
Gregory W. Matz - Vice President, Chief Financial & Risk Officer: Yeah. Absolutely. So, we were  we had said $0.40, we had about a $0.41 impact in the first quarter.
Jon D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Okay. Got it. And then just as a follow-up, I think you mentioned I believe MyDay revenues up 62% constant currency, big number but off of a small base. And I'm guessing the absolute was probably around, I don't know, $7 million or so. What are you seeing in Europe with MyDay and are you running into any situation where clariti is actually cannibalizing MyDay with people trading down? Thanks, guys.
Robert S. Weiss - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think, we have a pretty good spread between the two; and of course that's spread over time, as we really solidify the two-tier system, will even get further apart. But by and large, those two products were competing in the marketplace prior to the Sauflon acquisition and really all the way through the end of 2014 for the most part, and found their niches, both in private label  in a private label sense and otherwise. There already was some element of economic ARP spread between the two. And, of course, we want to make it a lot clearer that as MyDay ramps up and is really going after the premium part of the portfolio, which is the bulk of the dollars today, but longer term will not be the bulk of the dollars as clariti goes after MOIST in the mass market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby of Cleveland Research. Please proceed.
Steve B. Willoughby - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Good evening, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I actually have a couple of them, if you don't mind, circling back on some earlier questions. First, and I'll just kind of rattle off the questions and let you guys have them, I guess, first, Bob, I'm just curious as to how important or the importance of UPP is to Sauflon in your mind? I heard your comments earlier. I do know, there's been a class action lawsuit filed within the past day or two regarding UPP. And so I was just wondering how important it is to Sauflon and its growth. That's the first one. Then secondly, on the clariti rollout, I'm trying to figure out what's going on in terms of why you're halting the fitting sets. Is it more that you  is it a manufacturing capacity issue, or is it something going on with the distribution of lenses that is causing the bottlenecks? And then I guess the final thing is just for Greg. Greg, I heard your response to some earlier questions, but with the revenue guidance coming down, but still expecting operating margins around 23%, I'm not  I don't understand how the EPS guidance is what it is. I would think that given the revenue coming down, operating margins would have needed to go up for the full year to maintain the guidance like you have? Thanks, guys.
Robert S. Weiss - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Well, I'll start with the first couple and maybe add a little to the third one. The class action on UPP, how important is it to clariti? Of course, our view is that there are other ways to support the eye care professional than UPP, but we are going to respect the fact that that decision had already been made at the time we acquired it, and we're not going to renege on that, if you will. And of course, we also stay on the fence and have not committed, one way or the other, where we're going with future rollout of new products. Having said that, if it went away tomorrow, I wouldn't care as an industry because I firmly believe we will take care of the eye care professional, the individual that fits the prescription, the Rx. And UPP is not necessarily the total answer to that requirement, if you will. Relative to the fitting set bottleneck, if you will, it is only  why did we stop issuing fitting sets? We stopped issuing fitting sets because demand had already  out of the existing fitting sets, already exceeded our ability to try to do two things at once. Continue to build fitting sets and ship them and to sell product and be responsive to existing fitting sets. So, of course, you're going to take care of your existing customers first that have that. And part of it is  it's as simple as the lenses are being produced, but the pipeline is still being improved. For example, some lenses were on a ship, as opposed to in the air. So, you had part of the inventory in transit. And that's just the matter of getting there. There was plenty being produced in Hungary, but staging it and getting it from Hungary to West Henrietta where they put the fitting sets together for distribution is the bottleneck. That's a short term problem, the lenses arriving as we speak, they then have to get put into fitting sets. But importantly, we were going to give first priority to existing fitting sets where doctors are actually prescribing them on patients. So, that's why it's a short term problem and it was not a problem with the manufacturing side, but what was going on in the middle. Relative to the third one, why has revenue come down in GAAP, not constant currency? Of course, constant currency stayed the same, but revenue came down, recognizing foreign exchange. Some of that coverage was the mix we talked about, with Biofinity, so a better Biofinity profile. And some of it has to do with things that  the accelerated synergy from the Sauflon integration that started showing up sooner than we would have thought when we were sitting here in mid  in early December giving previous guidance which was one-day or the day of the CMA approval in the UK. So we were one day into it or a few minutes into it actually, and now we're a lot more educated on what we can get done and by when. And that had favorable implications on operating cost, for example. So, we can get to the same operating income, if you will, on less revenue because there are less operating costs. Greg?
Gregory W. Matz - Vice President, Chief Financial & Risk Officer: Yeah. And I think, Steve, yeah, you're bang right. I know where you're coming from. And as we gave kind of around 23%, you look at it, we're still around 23%. We're probably a little north of where the original guidance was, but it's still rounding in that same ballpark. So, yeah, the margins have actually  have inched up a bit, and that's where you get that extra kind of add-on to what Bob had said.
Steve B. Willoughby - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay.
Robert S. Weiss - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Unless there's outstanding. So, some of it is on the top  bottom line also.
Steve B. Willoughby - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Got you. Thanks, guys.
Gregory W. Matz - Vice President, Chief Financial & Risk Officer: Yeah, that's a good point.
Steve B. Willoughby - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay.
Operator: Your next call question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch. Please proceed. BMO Capital Markets.
Joanne K. Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hi. Can you hear me okay?
Robert S. Weiss - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We can.
Joanne K. Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Terrific. Thanks. And nice quarter. Particularly, your gross margin number. I'm curious if you did 64.2% in the first quarter and your guidance for the full year was just north of 63%. What is happening over the next three quarters that would drive that down?
Gregory W. Matz - Vice President, Chief Financial & Risk Officer: Well, Joanne, I mean, we're still expecting major headwinds in the FX. So, on revenue, as you saw, going out until next three quarters, still  currency still being an issue. So, that hasn't changed. Also, the fact of the matter is that as we are successful with clariti and we add more 1 day, we're going to see  again, we'll continue to see the pressure on  the headwind on gross margin. So, we feel very comfortable with the 63% range at this point. I think that it's the right number going forward.
Joanne K. Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay.
Robert S. Weiss - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: The first quarter did not get the full brunt of the headwind from currency. That kind of  clearly, the first half of the quarter was already in the bag when we gave guidance previously. And so, your headwind continued to grow and actually accelerated, I think, as we got into even the post first quarter timing. So February has not been kind to the euro.
Joanne K. Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And then my follow-up question, your SG&A which we've been really focused on as a leverage point for you have come down quite a bit year-over-year. How much more is that  or how much more room is there to move that metric down?
Gregory W. Matz - Vice President, Chief Financial & Risk Officer: I would say, we're still north of 40$, and I don't think north of 40% reflects strong leveraging and still reflects a lot of investment around the world in area of geographic expansion and whatnot. So I don't call 2015 a high leverage scenario, in other words, we still see that the way forward to 2018 is going to be more about leverage of operating cost and less about improvement of gross margin while I would say it will be substantial cost reductions in manufacturing. Meaning the cost will be coming down, the mix will be offsetting a lot  some of the mix factor. But mix will outplay cost reductions on cost of goods and gross margin. And then we will get leverage out of operating cost part of which is the operating cost in a one-day modality are less than the operating cost in your monthly and your two-week modality.
Joanne K. Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Terrific. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Matt Mishan of KeyBanc. Please proceed.
Matthew Mishan - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you and thank you for taking my questions. You've had Sauflon for a couple months now and you've been talking a lot about the synergies. Have you given a total number and are you ready to give a total number for what the synergies could be for Sauflon?
Robert S. Weiss - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, it's kind of lumped in to the guidance we've given which, of course, has been gobbled up by foreign exchange. And I think when Greg gives his earnings per  translates the earnings per share guidance to what it would be were it not for foreign exchange, which is basically 22% to 26%, it's best to think of that increment and then some as being contributed by Sauflon synergy. In other words, we were running low-double digits, and now were running basically 22% to 26% were it not for foreign exchange gobbling up some of that.
Matthew Mishan - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. And then I believe you also mentioned that, at least for MyDay, you think you get faster margin expansion than you expected going forward, and I was just curious why that was.
Robert S. Weiss - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'm sorry. Say that again?
Matthew Mishan - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: I think you mentioned when you were talking about the ramp in MyDay that you expected faster margin expansion than you thought you'd get.
Robert S. Weiss - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Part of that is a reflection of the fact that number one we're taking a little bit more time to roll out MyDay, meaning we've taken the time to upgrade some of the manufacturing platform. An example of that might be part of the platform has been upgraded to have automated inspection instead of manual inspection. So, a whole bunch of direct labor comes off the line, sending margins higher. Part of that is the luxury of having a little bit of time. The other thing is we indicated that the pricing strategy of MyDay will be basically more of a premium. So the fact that we will have more of a premium pricing than the mass market pricing or some place in the middle is the second contributor, higher ARPs.
Matthew Mishan - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Lichtman of Oppenheimer. Please, proceed.
Steve M. Lichtman - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you. Hi, guys. I guess, just two questions. First, as we think about the launch of MyDay later this year in the U.S., can you talk a little bit about how it's being positioned versus other premium si-hy dailies in Europe and thus what your positioning will be here in the U.S. Anything on the messaging around that lens would be helpful.
Robert S. Weiss - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, it's going to be positioned obviously out at the mass market sector, meaning a premium to that. We have not necessarily indicated exactly what we're coming out relative to the pricing versus Total 1 and TruEye which would be your two premium priced products. Whether or not it's above or below TruEye, we have not indicated at this point in time. Relative to the separatism, of course, since we've not launched in the U.S., it's kind of a blank piece of paper. The description of MyDay, we believe MyDay versus TruEye and Total 1 measures up very well. And particularly has issues of not only the price point factor that may come into play but also certain things to do with handling ability and whatnot. So there's certain features that MyDay had that when we get into detailed marketing literature we will play out.
Steve M. Lichtman - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Got it. And then just  Greg, just on a follow-up on gross margin, you mentioned lower period expenses in F 1Q. Are you anticipating those expenses to bump higher looking forward? Does that play a part in gross margin maybe coming down a bit from F 1Q levels beyond obviously the FX and daily, that mix that you talked about?
Gregory W. Matz - Vice President, Chief Financial & Risk Officer: Yeah. I think, it's some of the period expenses. They were a little lower than we normally run, but that being said, they do fluctuate. So they were lower than we expected. We have seen quarters where they kind of more lined up and were higher than we expected. And so we just felt they were probably running at a lower rate than is reasonable through the remainder of the year.
Steve M. Lichtman - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Got it. Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Larry Keusch of Raymond James. Please proceed.
Lawrence S. Keusch - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks for fitting me in. Just two questions, obviously a lot of talk about Biofinity and the strength in the quarter and the positive benefit that that has on gross margin and mix. Just trying to figure out what was perhaps behind Biofinity doing as well it was. So I'm sort of curious geographically, where you were perhaps seeing that strength. And you also obviously had some distributor reductions in the fourth quarter and just was curious if you're seeing some improved buying. And then the second question was, Bob, you've made some comments about feeling like the market would improve and move up towards 6% in 2015. And obviously I understand the benefits of some of these higher price lenses, but from a demand perspective, are you expecting much change in volume, or is it really all, again, mix towards higher-price lenses?
Robert S. Weiss - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So, a little of all of those. So, I would say the continuation of the success of silicone hydrogel moving into the one-day space is a strong plus, meaning, Total 1 is doing well. I believe clariti will do well, and when MyDay gets to the U.S. market, I believe it will do well. So, that will push up clearly ARPs per ware, if you will. The shift continues from the two-week sector where, of course, J&J's sweet spot is into the one-month, which is still growing, and the daily. So, that shift is a continuation plus. I think what's muddied up the growth as much as anything is clearly UPP and some of the tactics that have gone on, and it's hard to kind of work through what that all means. But some retailers, for example, have withdrawn somewhat, contracted somewhat. And how it shakes out or how it long it takes to shake out may take a little while, but I do think there's been kind of a distortion caused by UPP in the marketplace that will flush out in the near term, meaning over the next three months to six months. Relative to Biofinity, I think Biofinity just has good karma. We have continued to round out the parameters, if you will, and a lot of it is geographic expansion. So, it's got a good name. It's well-respected, and it's doing well going globally as a factor. But I think it also is getting some windfall from a maybe more rapid shift out of two weeks coming into the growth of the monthly sector as well as into the one-day. It's picking up its fair share of the monthly sector.
Lawrence S. Keusch - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue. We will now turn the call back over to Mr. Bob Weiss for closing remarks.
Robert S. Weiss - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Well, I want to thank everyone for participating. We're obviously excited about where we are relative to the quarter. I have a  I had a recommendation I will not share with you on how to fix the dollar. Everyone would laugh too much. So, I won't give you the recommendation, but someday in private, I may share with some of you. But we have a long way to go to figure out where currencies  when they're going to stabilize, but I certainly hope they do. That's our, by far, number one pain in the neck right now, although I also respect the fact everything goes in cycle. So, kind of with that complaint as a parting comment, I look forward to updating you on the great progress we're making and the great roll-outs of our products on our call on June 4, the end of our second quarter. That'll be it. Operator?
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we greatly appreciate your patience and participation in today's conference call. You may now disconnect. And everyone, have a great day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-12-04 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Kim Duncan - Senior Director, IR Robert Weiss - President and CEO Greg Matz - CFO  Al White - Chief Strategy Officer 
Analysts: Matthew OBrien - William Blair Christopher Pasquale - JPMorgan Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Matt Mishan - KeyBanc Larry Keusch - Raymond James  Joann Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets  Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird  Anthony Petrone - Jefferies Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research  Jon Block - Stifel 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to fourth quarter and full year 2014 The Cooper Companies Incorporated earnings conference call. [Operator instructions.] I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Ms. Kim Duncan, vice president of investor relations. Please proceed.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon, and welcome to The Cooper Companies fourth quarter and full year 2014 earnings conference call. Im Kim Duncan, vice president of investor relations, and joining me on todays call are Bob Weiss, chief executive officer; Greg Matz, chief financial officer; and Al White, chief strategy officer. Before we get started, Id like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market or regulatory conditions, and integration of any acquisitions or their failure to achieve anticipated benefits.  Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data, or methods that maybe incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results or future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward-Looking Statements in todays earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including the business section of Coopers annual report on Form 10-K. These are publicly available and on request from the companys Investor Relations department. Now, before I turn the call over to Bob, let me comment on the agenda for the call. Bob will begin by providing highlights on the quarter, followed by Greg, who will then discuss the fourth quarter and full year financial results. We will keep the formal presentation to roughly 30 minutes then open up the call for questions.  We expect the call to last approximately one hour. We request that anyone asking questions please limit yourself to one question. Should you have any additional questions, please call our Investor line at 925-460-3663 or email ir@cooperco.com. As a reminder, this call is being webcast and a copy of the earnings release and historical Sauflon financial information, including quarterly detail, are available through the Investor Relations section of The Cooper Companies website. And with that, Ill turn the call over to Bob for his opening remarks.
Robert Weiss: Thank you, Kim, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2014 conference call. Let me start by saying Im very proud of our accomplishments this year, highlighted by revenue growth of 8% and non-GAAP earnings per share growth of 14%. Fiscal Q4 was a very busy quarter, and weve entered into fiscal 2015 with strong momentum. Im pleased to say we remain confident well be taking market share and driving strong earnings growth in 2015 and well beyond. Before getting into the details, let me start by providing three key highlights to take away from this call. First, CooperVision posted 9% year over year pro forma revenue growth in the fourth quarter and when I refer to pro forma, I mean adjusting for currency, Sauflon, and [I me]. CooperVision also took market share in every region of the world, including the Americas. Second, we delivered $108 million of free cash flow this quarter, and we believe our free cash flow in the coming years will be stronger than we envisioned prior to the Sauflon acquisition. This is due to advantages we gained from Sauflon, which will lower future capex. Third, our fiscal 2015 guidance has been reduced but solely due to currency. If we exclude currency, we actually increased earnings per share $0.10 to reflect greater synergies from Sauflon. Our internal forecast for our outer years has also improved due to Sauflon, and we feel more comfortable with our 26%-plus operating margin target in 2018, even hurdling the significant impact of currency this year. Having said that, we cant ignore the significant negative impact of currency to our current and future results. Ill discuss foreign exchange and the three takeaways in more detail during the conference call.  Moving to the fourth quarter highlights, on a consolidated basis, the fourth quarter revenues grew 14% year over year to $468 million. We posted non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.95 and recorded free cash flow of $108 million. CooperVision revenue grew 18% year over year or 9% pro forma. CooperSurgical was down 3%. Although CooperSurgical was down, as we discussed last quarter, we are reducing our focus on low margin capital equipment sales within fertility, so results didnt meet our expectations. CooperVision revenue and consolidated earnings per share were lower than expected and this was primarily the result of three items. First, currency negatively impacted revenues by an incremental $3 million from the time we last gave guidance on September 4ths earnings call. Second, we experienced some temporary softness with Sauflon in the U.S. as a result of back order and logistical problems due to high demand and an inefficient distribution network. This was a double-edge sword as demand was, and is, very strong, but it created a situation where customer service wasnt up to our standards.  We made a decision to address this by focusing on existing accounts rather than aggressively calling on new accounts. Ultimately, this meant reducing the rollout of Clariti in the short term. Meanwhile, we began working quickly to move distribution to our state-of-the-art U.S. distribution center.  We still have some work to do, but were in excellent shape as we enter the new fiscal year and our plan is to begin a robust rollout beginning in January. Its a little bit of a guess as to how much this impacted fourth quarter revenues, but it was likely around $4 million.  Thirdly, inventory reductions impacted the U.S. distribution channel. Ive mentioned this before, and I hate to sound like a broken record, but it happened again. We have several distributors in the U.S. and our days on hand at these distributors are now at the lowest theyve ever been.  I believe this is attributable to the progress we are making on improving our own distribution process, which has given outside distributors more confidence in receiving shipments from us, along with the possibility of some competitors seeing inventory growth in the distribution channel. To provide comfort, our [new fit] data remains strong, indicating that were taking share, and we contractual obligations with our distributors to maintain certain inventory days on hand levels. Based on this, I feel confident that this is the last time Ill be raising this issue. This item impacted us around $6 million for the quarter. The three items combined to reduce our fourth quarter revenue by roughly $13 million or roughly$0.13 of earnings per share. In spite of this, Im pleased with our performance as 9% pro forma revenue growth in the quarter was very respectable. Now let me get into some additional detail on Sauflon. I believe everyone is aware that the U.K. Competition and Markets Authority, or CMA, decided to evaluate the acquisition, giving formal notice on September 19th.  This was unexpected and resulted in CooperVision temporarily halting all direct and indirect integration activity, which could impact the U.K. This cause around two and a half months delay, but I am extremely pleased to say the CMA approved the transaction today, and were back to integrating the businesses.  As a result of the CMA order, non-GAAP operating margins at Sauflon came in lower than we had expected in Q4 at 13%. Included in the 13% was a large number of overlapping operational costs, which will be rationalized over the next year.  As an example, in the fourth quarter Sauflon had $5 million of general and administrative expenses. Without the CMA order, we would have likely reduce the number in half, saving around $2.5 million. Ultimately removing the $5 million in G&A will increase the operating margin to 23%, which is clearly heading in the right direction. And thats just G&A. There are other overlapping operational items, which well be addressing quickly as we proceed with integration. In general, the most important takeaway is that we now believe well see more synergies than when we initially acquired Sauflon.  When we look at Sauflon by region, in the U.S. Sauflon was building significant infrastructure prior to the acquisition. Almost all of it duplicated our operations, and thus offered relatively quick synergies.  Im happy to say weve consolidated the majority of their U.S. business into ours. We still have some things to finish, such as the distribution network I discussed earlier, but were in great shape and poised to aggressively market Clariti in the U.S. as we enter January.  Sauflons remaining business, which is mostly in Europe, was impacted by the CMA order, but it didnt stop us from completing integration planning or posting solid operating results. We saw a lot of strength in Europe, especially with Claritis daily and were looking forward to integrating Sauflon and making them fully part of CooperVision. Finally, on Sauflon, I want to highlight product demand and manufacturing operations as two drivers that make me very optimistic about the future. Demand for Clariti is extremely strong and we see this in many parts of the world. With the decision I discussed earlier to address the U.S. distribution network, weve been able to rebuild inventory, and we are in a great position to aggressively market Clariti in the U.S. beginning in January.  Also, we grow more and more excited with what we see from Sauflon on the manufacturing and formulation standpoint. Theyve been doing a great job ramping up production and everything is going to plan or ahead of plan.  Remember, their manufacturing lines cost one third the price of ours. They receive these lines in half the time it takes us, and their lines have better flexibility around shifting production from one product to another.  A large reason for this is their material formulation, which provides them with the ability to produce siliconized shell lenses without [unintelligible]. This is a major step forward and as we integrate this manufacturing and formulation expertise, it will allow us to add manufacturing lines in a much more efficient manner. This will reduce capital expenditures beginning in late 2015 and afterwards. This will also lower our cost per unit and we anticipate seeing the benefits in the P&L beginning in mid-2016. These investments have already allowed us to evaluate certain product upgrade opportunities, and we acted on Avaira Toric.  As you may remember, we had a recall with the Avaira family back in 2011, which resulted in changing our manufacturing process. This was done successfully, but resulted in a higher cost of production, especially for the toric. The acquisition of Sauflon and the advancements made in silicon manufacturing will now allow us to implement improvements with Avaira Toric. Upon finalizing this decision, we took certain charges in the fourth quarter, and these charges are part of our non-GAAP adjustment. For competitive reasons, I dont want to get into too much detail on the changes being made. The decisions will not impact the availability of Avaira Toric, and they will have no impact on Avaira Sphere. Were currently running gross margins on Avaira Toric at less than 50%, and I believe the changes will significantly improve gross margins by late 2016. To conclude on integration activity, you should expect to see integration related activity throughout fiscal 2015, but tapering off significantly as we end the fiscal year. This will include normal integration work such as organizational decisions, along with some product rationalization work. Now, back to CooperVision, our performance for the quarter. On the sales side, we had consolidated revenues of $385 million, up 18% year over year and up 9% pro forma. Included in this is Sauflons business, which had revenues of $50 million, up 50% above the prior year, and this was in spite of the back order and logistics issues in the U.S., which I discussed earlier. Excuse me, the 50% was up 20% over the prior year. I dont want to get to granular on Sauflon, but demand for daily silicons was very strong. Solutions and some noncore products were weaker. This was expected. Overall, for CooperVision, our silicon hydrogel family continues to drive our top line, with $198 million in revenues.  Our silicon hydrogel family is very deep, with our monthly Biofinity family leading the way, posting 13% constant currency growth in the fourth quarter. Our two-week family of products, Aviara, also grew very nicely, up 31% in constant currency.  Its important to note were still underindexed against the market in the two-week and monthly silicon space. Silicons represent approximately 76% of the two-week and monthly space, and were at 67%, so we should continue growing nicely in this part of the market for several years.  Regarding silicon dailies, MyDay had a solid quarter, up 79% in constant currency. We had several strong production months for MyDay in the back half of fiscal 2014. Average gross margins grew slightly above expectations at 11%. Going forward, our expectation is to continue seeing margin improvements as we bring on additional lines and position the lens as a premium offering. We plan to launch MyDay in the U.S. in March to key opinion leaders and then roll it out more aggressively in the back half of the year. We continue to believe there is a great opportunity to split the market with a premium daily silicon hydrogel lens and a mass market lens. We also be we have the premier portfolio to become the market leader in the coming years.  As a reminder, with the Sauflon acquisition, we are the only company offering a full daily silicon hydrogel product portfolio, including a premium and a mass market offering, of which the mass market portfolio includes a sphere, toric, and multifocal.  The toric business remains strong, growing 13%, and torics now represent 29% of CooperVisions revenue. Multifocals grew 26% and now represent 10% of CooperVisions revenue. We continue to lead the global market in these specialized categories and were taking market share. Regarding Proclear, sales were up 5% in constant currency for the quarter, and represent 22% of CooperVisions revenues. This was a pretty solid quarter for Proclear and shows theres still some growth in the non-silicon hydrogel space. Regionally, we were also very strong this quarter, growing solid throughout the world. Before I get into the CooperSurgical, let me comment on the overall contact lens market for calendar Q3 and remember, this data is listed on the last page of our earnings release.  We are presenting this data without including Sauflon as we closed the acquisition in the middle of the third calendar quarter. Obviously, if we did include their results, our performance would look even better.  Also, when I discuss market results, Im doing so off of manufacturer sales, which are the best metric to determine market share. The market was softer in calendar Q3, growing 2% while CooperVision grew 8% and again, this is without Sauflon. Regionally, the Americas grew 2%, with CooperVision posting growth of 7%. In EMEA, or Europe, the market grew 4% and we grew 7%, while in Asia Pacific, the market grew 2%, and we grew 11%. I couldnt be happier to say we grew faster in the market in every region in the world. Also, if we look at the market on a modality basis, the single use market continued to drive growth up 6% while we grew 12%. Non single use lenses were flat for the market, and we were up 6%. At a high level, I dont believe this quarter reflects where the market is really growing. If we look at a trailing 12 months, the market grew 5%, we grew 9%. I believe this is a better representation of the market growth and our share gains. We have a fairly healthy market and I believe well continue seeing a stake share, especially with the addition of the Clariti portfolio. Moving to CooperSurgical, the business declined 3% on an as reported basis, or 1% in constant currency. Fertility was down 5% or 1% in constant currency, while the office surgical procedures business was down 1%. As we discussed on our last earnings call, we continue to work to find the optimal model of sales growth and margin improvement. With respect to our fertility business, this may result in lower revenue growth until we annualize the removal of certain low margin capital equipment sales. We expect this to begin in fiscal Q3 of 2015, so Q1 and Q2 revenues will likely be lower with acceleration in Q3 and Q4. Meanwhile, our office and surgical procedures business continues to deal with the pains of lower OB/GYN office visits in the United States. On the plus side, our CooperSurgical team is very focused on driving operational improvements and their standalone non-GAAP operating margin increased from 25% to 28% for the quarter. This was driven by an increase in our non-GAAP gross margins from 64% to 65% and strong expense control. Now let me touch a little on guidance and on ongoing strategy. In September, we provided some early guidance for fiscal 2015 and today weve updated it to reflect currency and operational improvements. Currency had a significant negative impact and Greg is going to walk through these details. Excluding the adjustments for currency, our revenue remained the same and our non-GAAP earnings per share increased by $0.10 on the bottom and top of the range. This increase is driven by [unintelligible] will be seeing some synergies in the Sauflon acquisition, more synergies in the Sauflon acquisition, than we initially guided to. For CooperVision, were forecasting pro forma revenue growth of 8% to 11%, which is higher than the 7% to 10% we guided in September, but it reflects the belief that we have a strong fourth quarter 2015 due to easier comps as a result of the events I discussed earlier, which negatively impacted this years fourth quarter. I feel confident this should be a strong year with the back half leading the way as we really start rolling out Clariti and MyDay in the United States. For CooperSurgical, were starting to see a little sunshine on the horizon, and were forecasting 3% to 7% constant currency revenue growth. This should result in non-GAAP earnings per share of $7.30 to $7.70. This earnings per share range is up 16% to 22% from fiscal 2014 on a constant currency basis. Regarding free cash flow and capex, we believe both to be slightly over $2 million. Having said that, I believe well start seeing a reduction in capex in fiscal 2016, while operating cash flow continues to grow, so I anticipate a very strong 2016 free cash flow number. Now a few comments about strategy. Well continue with our successful strategy, which Ive frequently articulated in the past. We believe it is solid and has delivered results. This includes investing in our businesses to continue taking market share, including direct investments such as the new manufacturing facility in Costa Rica, where we anticipate production beginning in late 2015, our investments in emerging markets such as China, and our strategic acquisitions such as Sauflon. Were also keenly focused on improving our non-GAAP operating margins, which we see being 26% plus in fiscal 2016. And finally, well buy back shares if it makes sense as we did in the fourth quarter, repurchasing roughly 176,000 shares at an average price of approximately $147. In summary, before I turn it over to Greg, let me say how happy I am with our businesses. Were making a ton of progress integrating Sauflon and our family of products is extremely strong. Our profit margins are solid and our free cash flow generation is strong, and we believe it will get a lot stronger in the coming years. We remain keenly focused on delivering improving results, mindful of our desire to invest and leverage prudently, thereby delivering optimized long term total shareholder value. With that, Ill remind you that our employees are our number one asset, and to them, I express my appreciation for their dedication to creating value and delivering results. And now, Ill turn it over to Greg to cover financial results. 
Greg Matz: Thanks, Bob, and Im battling a little bit of laryngitis, so I apologize for my voice. Good afternoon everyone. Bob shared with you a pretty thorough review of the market and our revenue picture. As a reminder, weve excluded amortization from the non-GAAP numbers, and any non-GAAP comparisons year over year will reflect this. Let me start with gross margins. Looking at gross margins, in Q4 the consolidated GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins were 59.7% and 63.2% respectively, compared with 64.1% for GAAP and non-GAAP in the prior year. The main difference between GAAP and non-GAAP is related to inventory and equipment rationalization due to the Sauflon acquisition. When comparing non-GAAP gross margins this quarter to the prior year, we saw an approximate negative 160 basis point impact with FX due to the combined impact of FX on revenue as well as pound-based inventory flushing through the system. In addition, the acquisition of Sauflon had an approximate 100 basis point negative impact. These headwinds were partially offset with product mix, led by Biofinity. Full year non-GAAP gross margin finished at 64.5%, just under the 64.7% in 2013. CooperVision, on a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis report gross margin of 58.7% and 62.8% respectively versus 64% for GAAP and non-GAAP in Q4 last year. The difference between GAAP and non-GAAP is related to the Sauflon acquisition. The drop in non-GAAP gross margin, as I mentioned earlier, was due to FX, Sauflon, which had a gross margin just above 54%, partially offset by product mix, led by Biofinity. CooperVisions full year non-GAAP gross margin was 64.5% versus 64.8% for 2013. CooperSurgical had a GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin of 64.4% and 64.9% respectively, which compares to Q4 2013 of 64.3%. In the past, weve not really talked about FX impact on CSI, because currencies had a relatively minor impact, but we did have a negative 40 basis point FX impact to gross margin this quarter due to the significant moves in the currency.  The difference between GAAP and non-GAAP relates to approximately $436,000 of severance costs. For the full year, CooperSurgicals non-GAAP gross margin was 64.6% versus 64.2% in 2013.  Now looking at operating expenses, on a GAAP basis, SG&A expenses increased by approximately 32% from Q4 last year to $208 million and were 44% of revenue versus 38% in the prior year. On a non-GAAP basis, SG&A increased approximately 8% to $169.2 million. The difference between GAAP and non-GAAP is about $39 million due largely to acquisition restructuring costs related to the Sauflon acquisition, which is included in our GAAP numbers. SG&A on a non-GAAP basis increased 8% sequentially and actually declined about 5%, excluding Sauflon. You can see the strong expense control management happening in both businesses. Now, looking at R&D, in Q4, R&D increased by approximately 15% year over year to $18.2 million or up $2.4 million, of which $1.7 million was related to Sauflon. R&D was 3.9% of revenue, up from 3.8% in Q4 2013 and 3.7% sequentially. In Q4, depreciation was $28.6 million, up $4.5 million or 19% year over year. Amortization was $14 million, up approximately $6.3 million or 82% year over year, for a total of $42.6 million. On a GAAP basis, we expect approximately $7 million of amortization per quarter for the Sauflon acquisition. For the year, depreciation was $102.5 million. Moving to operating margins, for Q4, consolidated GAAP operating income and margin were $39.4 million and 8.4% of revenue versus $62 million and 15.1% of revenue for GAAP in Q4 last year.  Primarily due to the Sauflon acquisition and the related integration, inventory and equipment rationalization, and restructuring charges, which weve already mentioned, we believe it makes sense to focus on non-GAAP. Our non-GAAP operating income and margin were $108.9 million and 23.3% of revenue versus $90.8 million and 22% of revenue for the past year. This represents a 20% increase in operating income over the prior year non-GAAP numbers. On a non-GAAP basis for the full year, operating income and margin were $403.9 million and 23.5% of revenue, up approximately 13% in operating income and 100 basis points on the margin.  In Q4, CooperVision had GAAP operating income and margin of $33.8 million and 8.8% of revenue versus the prior year Q4 of $54.9 million and 16.8% of revenue for GAAP. On a non-GAAP basis, operating income and margin were $98 million and 25.4% of revenue versus $80.2 million and 24.5% of revenue in Q4 2013. On a non-GAAP basis for the full year, operating income and margin were $370.3 million and 26.6% of revenue, up approximately 13% in operating income and 80 basis points on the margin. CSI had GAAP operating income and margin of $18.4 million and 22.2% of revenue versus the prior year Q4 of $17.8 million and 21% of revenue for GAAP. Non-GAAP operating income and margin were $22.9 million and 27.8% of revenue versus Q4 2013 of $21.2 million operating income and 25.1% of revenue. The main difference between GAAP and non-GAAP is related to approximately $1.3 million of acquisition and severance costs as well as the $3.3 million worth of amortization. On a non-GAAP basis for the full year, operating income and margin were $84.2 million and 25.9% of revenue, up approximately 12.5% in operating income and 250 basis points on the margin. Interest expense was $3.3 million for the quarter, up 71% year over year, primarily due to the acquisition of Sauflon. Interest expense was $8 million for the year. In looking at the effective tax rate, in Q4 the GAAP and non-GAAP effective tax rate was 10.4% and 8.7% respectively versus Q4 2013 GAAP effective tax rate of 6.2% and non-GAAP effective tax rate of 11.4%. Again, as weve mentioned before, the effective tax rate continues to be below the U.S. statutory rate as the majority of our income is earned in foreign jurisdictions with lower tax rates. The full year GAAP and non-GAAP effective tax rates were 8.3% and 9.1% respectively. In thinking about Sauflon, we have been a little delayed due to the CMA, but we are finalizing our tax planning, and we expect Sauflon to be absorbed into our global trade arrangement sometime in the first calendar quarter. Our Q4 earnings per share on a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis was $0.63 and $1.95 respectively versus $1.15 and [$1.16] on a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis in Q4 2013. GAAP EPS includes the impact of acquisition and restructuring related charges of approximately $56.6 million and includes amortization expense of $14 million.  For the full year, our EPS on a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis was $5.51 and $7.29 respectively. Non-GAAP EPS was up approximately 14% for the year.  Well mention, during Q4 we repurchased approximately 176,000 shares with an average share value of around $147 per share, for a total cost of $25.8 million. This leaves approximately $186 million available for future share repurchases under the current approved plan. Regarding foreign exchange, were using rates as of December 3 or last night. For our main currencies, were using 1.23 for the euro, 120 for the yen, 1.57 for the pound. The net impact year over year for Q4 was an unfavorable impact of $0.22, which is $0.05 more than we guided to on our last earnings call.  This earnings per share deterioration is primarily related to the yen and the euro, but also a significant number of other currencies, which also weakened against the dollar. This brings the negative FX impact to $0.36 on EPS in fiscal 2014. If we look at currency from the date of our last earnings call, when we first provided fiscal 2015 guidance, currency rates have moved significantly against us, down over 8% on a weighted average basis. The yen led the way, down 14% and the euro down over 6%. This has had a significantly negative impact on our revenues and EPS. From an incremental standpoint from our September guidance, revenues have been reduced $100 million and EPS $1. Note the revenue calculation is based on roughly 60% of our revenues being outside the U.S. The EPS impact is calculated off of the revenue impact, offset by offshore costs including manufacturing and operating expenses. If we look at currency from a year over year perspective, we expect FX to negatively impact our fiscal 2015 earnings per share by $1.19. This is a very significant impact, and is driven by an overall decline in currencies of 10% on a weighted average year over year basis. This is primarily the result of the weakening of the yen, which has moved against us by 16% year over year and the euro, which has moved against us by 10% year over year.  One of the most frustrating things about currency has been the locations of the moves. When we look at a location like Japan, where we have relatively low operating expenses, roughly 72% of the currency move falls through to OI, or operating income. In Europe, its slightly better, its 60%, as we have more infrastructure.  We do have a natural offset from the pound given our U.K. manufacturing, but unfortunately it only moved 5%, and theres a lag roughly five months, which has delayed the upside on cost of goods sold into the back half of fiscal 2015. Additionally, due to a high pound five months ago, its actually negatively impacting cost of goods at the start of this fiscal year.  Rolling all this together, as you can tell, were expecting the impact of EPS to be equivalent to roughly $0.12 for each 1% move in currency. Thats definitely at the high end of how much currency could impact us, but unfortunately, this is almost a perfect storm, with very strong moves in currencies where we have little offset and a relatively small move in the pound. In general, as a rule of thumb, if you assume 1% move in all currencies, the impact will be between $0.08 and $0.12. The $0.12 comes from the situation were in, and the $0.08 would occur if the moves were more heavily weighted in currencies such as the pound and the euro. And remember, our revenues outside the U.S. have increased significantly over the past several years, with the acquisitions of Sauflon and Origio, combined with strong growth in our core businesses. Regarding timing on fiscal 2015, I dont want to get too granular, as there are a number of variables which influence the impact of currency on EPS, such as future sales, but assuming rates stay the same, the FX impact will clearly be greatest in Q1 and relatively high in Q2. It will then start to taper off in Q3 as lower pound inventory starts to have a positive impact. Q4 will have the lowest impact. Moving away from FX and to balance sheet and liquidity, in Q4 we had cash provided by operations of $152.1 million, capital expenditures of $60.1 million, and excluding acquisition related costs of $16 million, resulting in $108 million of free cash flow. Free cash flow for the year was $236 million versus $239 million in 2013.  Total debt increased within the quarter by $1.034 billion to $1.382 billion. Inventories increased approximately $28 million to $381.5 million from the last quarter. This increase is largely due to adding Sauflon, offset by some inventory rationalization due to the acquisition. For the quarter, we are seeing month on hand at 6.1 months on a GAAP basis and 6.6 months on hand, excluding inventory rationalization, down from month on hand of 6.9 months last year and down from 7 months on hand last quarter. Days sales outstanding is at 53 days, consistent with the prior quarter and last year. Now, turning to guidance, in order to provide a little more color for your models, let me share some additional specifics on our non-GAAP guidance. But before getting into the details, remember the significant impact of currency I discussed earlier. Not only has currency impacted revenues and EPS, but its obviously also affected the rest of the P&L, including margin percentages.  The revenue range for the company is $1.9 billion to $1.96 billion. CVIs revenue range is $1.575 billion to $1.62 billion. CSIs revenue range is $325 million to $340 million. And we expect non-GAAP gross margin to be around 63% for the year. The margin should be lower in the first half of the year due to higher pound-based inventory rolling through the P&L, and then should improve in Q3 and more in Q4. Opex is expected to be around 40%. Operating margin is expected to be around 23%. interest expense is expected to be around $18 million. Our effective tax rate is expected to be in the range of 9% to 11%, and this includes the transfer of Sauflons IP. Our non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $7.30 to $7.70 off of a $50 million share count. Finally, we expect both capital expenditures and free cash flow for the year to be north of $200 million.  From a timing perspective, as you can tell from my previous comments on currency, we expect a challenging beginning to the fiscal year. At this point, I believe our Q1 and Q2 non-GAAP EPS in fiscal 2015 will likely be below Q1 and Q2 2014 with Q1 being a bigger challenge. However, I want to stress that were making a lot of progress operationally and things are moving ahead well, and in many cases better than we had laid out in our prior discussions. If it wasnt for the currency, wed be guiding to extremely strong as-reported numbers, but currency hides the fact. Were guiding to a midpoint of 9% pro forma constant currency growth for the year, including an 8% to 11% pro forma constant currency range in CooperVision and a very strong non-GAAP EPS growth of 16% to 22% in constant currency. With that, let me turn it back to Kim for the Q&A session. 
Kim Duncan: Operator, were ready to take some questions. Thanks. 
Operator: [Operator instructions.] Your first question comes from the line of Mr. Matthew OBrien of William Blair. 
Matthew OBrien: I was hoping we could start with the currency commentary, Greg, not to make you speak any more than you need to tonight, with your voice. But I just want to make sure that we flesh this out a little bit.  As you mentioned, and just using some simple math, I think what youre saying is that the 60% of revenue being OUS, your Japanese related revenue specifically, I guess $250 million-ish roughly, and so thats coming down by about 14%, and then the other piece of the business or about $1 billion of sales, is coming down about 6%-ish related to currency. So that, together, gets you to around $100 million of the revenue reduction? Is that the right way of thinking about it? 
Greg Matz: Yeah, Matt, I think thats the right process, and that does get you close to it. One of the things I mentioned too is it really does impact where the currency is declining. Weve given percentages in the past, we said a 1% decline. If you look at how currency has reacted over the last couple of months, it hasnt been a 1% decline, and it hasnt been even across all currencies. And so youve seen, as an example, the yen, taking a bigger hit, and that has a bigger hit than average than if it was a euro decline. So you even saw the Russian ruble down 53%. I mean, youve got currencies that are really in a freefall against the dollar.
Matthew OBrien : And then if I may, with a quick follow up, on the market, I know youre optimistic going forward, but last couple of quarters, its been fairly soft. With the UPP coming in and some potential for some pricing pressures from your bigger competitors, what gives you the confidence that the markets going to remain healthy and grow 5% plus-ish, and then how do you think about your pro forma CVI growth if the market continues to be somewhat weak? 
Robert Weiss: I think looking at the last 12 months, as I said, one quarter does not a trend make. The 2% was certainly soft. We had a very robust first quarter last year when you put it all together, trailing 12 months 5%, I think is pretty indicative. Keep in mind, the drivers, a lot of them are still in place, a continuation of the one-day modality in the U.S. being very robust. So I do believe the market has good legs to it, and thats certainly been borne out the last four or five years, and I think that will continue.  Relative to Cooper, while weve been gaining share in all regions, keep in mind probably our strong suit has been Europe, where both Clariti and MyDay are represented. In the U.S., for all practical purposes, we have only just begun. Were in the first inning, if you will. There was somewhat of a scrambled egg we had to work with because of the weak distribution system in the fourth quarter, so thats not indicative of where Clariti in the U.S. should end up. Were very optimistic about Claritis rollout in January in the U.S. Im proud to say that weve dealt with the distribution channels, and were now shipping out of but one warehouse in the U.S. and so we like to say one invoice, one shipment, instead of two different distribution centers and two different invoices. So I think well start seeing some momentum build, particularly in the United States, with that product family. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Christopher Pasquale.
Christopher Pasquale: Bob, could you just update your thoughts on daily silicon hydrogel sales in FY15? I know youve had some moving pieces here with Clariti. How are you thinking about the combination of Clariti and MyDay in the coming year?
Robert Weiss : Well, were clearly thinking about it from a combined point of view, as opposed to each individually. So one influences the other, and were, obviously in the U.S., putting a lot more muscle behind Clariti and waiting until we have a more robust production support for MyDay. But also, and most importantly, even if we had plenty of MyDay, we would not attempt to do both single use products rolled out in the U.S. concurrently. So MyDay is going to continue to work Europe. Clariti is reaching from Europe, where its done extremely well, into the U.S. We have the capacity. We now have the distribution system. So when I look at single use one day, were still kind of gearing towards $175 million in total for the combined silicon hydrogel one day portfolio. 
Christopher Pasquale: And then it seems like the solutions business has gotten tougher recently for some of your peers. Can you comment on how that piece of Sauflon performed year over year, and whether some of the weakness there changes the outlook for that piece of the business going forward?
Robert Weiss : Solutions has been pretty much a flat market since the late 90s. So theres been no growth in the last 17 years. No reason to think there will be growth. Were not nave to that fact, and typically as contact lenses move from planned replacement into the one day modality, theres even further pressure on that. Having said that, what Sauflon did very nicely is package a nice portfolio of products, leveraging some large retailers that, among other things, get into direct to consumer shipments, combination lenses, and lens care for those that are not on the daily regimen. And still, keep in mind, the majority of wearers are not on the daily regimen. So off of a small base, we think theres something there to look at. We have yet to determine how much muscle well put behind it. So think of 2015 as kind of doing our homework. But dont expect that were going to rush to any rash decision in terms of minimizing that business. To your question how did it do, it kind of held its own. It was a flattish business in the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Larry Biegelsen of Wells Fargo.   
Larry Biegelsen: So the 1% FX change and 12% EPS, but the $100 million reduction in the top line EPS is 6% year over year change, and that equates to $0.15. So its a $0.90 reduction. Its a 1%, its over $0.15 based on the change, if youre following my math. So $100 million, negative 6% year over year, and then so Im trying to understand
Greg Matz : Sorry, Larry, if I could jump in, its Greg. We had a 10% move year over year in currencies.
Larry Biegelsen : Okay. Ill go back and look at that. The $100 million change is 6% versus what you reported in fiscal 2014. So the $0.90 divided by six gives you 15% for each 1% change.
Robert Weiss : Larry, just on that point, the 10% devaluation year over year, in other words, using last years exchange rates thank you, would have been 10% higher, the $100 million higher. That 10% is, of course, the foreign exchange piece, and if you then say 60% of our business is outside the U.S., thats 6% on the overall number. So I think maybe were saying the same thing, the six equals the six. 
Larry Biegelsen : We can take it offline. Im not sure I can do the math on the fly, but Im not quite following. Thats okay. We can take it offline later. And then just one other question, the change [unintelligible] issues in the U.S., it seems like that will continue into the fourth quarter. How do you guys see that impacting you guys? Is that an opportunity for you guys?
Robert Weiss : Well, J&J has been one of the generous people in the marketplace the last couple of years, and obviously theyve gone pretty aggressive on UPPS. Someone asked the question on UPP before. We still think thats kind of somewhat faddish, although were, in the case of Clariti, going along with a decision that Sauflon made to use UPP in the U.S.  Certainly, J&J has leveraged the UPP concept somewhat to their benefit on one side of the aisle, but very much to their detriment on the other side, if we compare the independent to the retailers. So they certainly have alienated the retailer. Were still of the opinion that its somewhat novel but is not a long term strategy, meaning UPP is not the way the market should go. Well let that play out. J&J is, of course, as we look at it the next two years, they have in the one day modality, where the market is shifting from two weeks, their sweet spot.  They own, for all practical purposes, ex-Avaira, they own the two-week market in the U.S. That is shifting somewhat into the monthly modality, but very much into the one day modality where J&J still gets a fair amount of business, but theyre also losing a fair amount of business. So thats where the real game gets played, is what goes on in the one day modality in the U.S. We like our chances with ProClear one day, Clariti, and then down the road, MyDay in that space.  J&J has moist, which is not bad as a non-silicon hydrogel, and we think that when someone has a choice, the eye care professional, when we look at planned replacement, 75% of the revenue dollars are in the silicon hydrogel modality. The only reason that does not also apply in the one day modality, which is now more like 15% to 16% silicon hydrogel, the only reason its not bigger is price point.  And thats where True Eye and Total One are on the high end of the price point, the premium price point, and that is not the average consumer, and therefore we think thats where a lot of fair game is for our product portfolio.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Matt Mishan of KeyBanc. 
Matt Mishan: Can you talk a little bit about the added synergies you kind of expected to see? I was a little surprised by that, because of the delay in the integration with Sauflon in the U.K.
Robert Weiss : Yeah, there was no doubt the two and a half month delay cost us, and thats why we ended up with the 13% OI for Sauflon. And a lot of people were on planes ready to hit the go button in September when all that hit.  So yeah, we lost some timing, and relative to where were going, on the $0.10 pickup, that really is reflected in the fact that there have been a number of things, both on their cost structure, on the manufacturing side primarily, that is driving us to be a lot more bullish. And we will make pretty good inroads into catching up on the synergy side and basically have identified more synergies than we initially thought, which led to the $0.10 pickup. 
Matt Mishan : I think you said that you expect about $200 million in daily silicon hydrogel sales for 2015. Is that still ballpark, maybe $75 million MyDay, maybe $125 million for Sauflon?
Robert Weiss : I quoted last quarter, and again today, $175 million in total. We have not done the split out, because as I indicated, were going to be pushing Clariti, particularly in the U.S., a lot harder than MyDay, and reserving MyDay mainly for the continuation of the European rollout, for two reasons. One, we have the capacity with Clariti, and so why not put the muscle behind it. And two is we dont want to try rolling out two silicon hydrogels at once in the U.S.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Larry Keusch of Raymond James. 
Larry Keusch: Bob, for those of us that lived through the integration of Ocular, I recognize that Sauflon obviously is smaller, less complex, less distribution centers, less manufacturing sites, etc. But help us really understand the confidence that you have that the time that you took this quarter to deal with some of these service disruption issues are truly behind you, so that when you get going in January, youve got a clean slate in front of you and were not going to hear about it on the next quarters report.
Robert Weiss : Fair question, and with Ocular, for those that dont know, it was pretty much a $400 million company buying a $330 million company. So for all practical purposes, two companies about the same size with very diverse information systems, different locations on distribution, one on the East Coast, one on the West Coast.  Since were just starting the rollout, and the reason we kind of stopped it before it went too far in the last quarter, was it was coming out of separate distribution systems. That was in a startup mode, knowing it was going to be in a shutdown mode, which is kind of very difficult to ramp up and ramp down. And we also wanted to get it right from the point of view of the consumer, so what we did, recognizing that, is service only existing accounts without trying to roll out and create new demand that then couldnt be met by the distribution center. Effective December 1, all inventory of contact lenses is shipped out of West Henrietta already, and its integrated into our system. Its a simple product line called basically Clariti One Day, not a complicated one like Ocular had. All the private labels may have had 20 or 30 different private labels, and a lot of complexity to it. It was as complicated as Cooper in some respects, because of the private label modality, not the toric modality, if you will. But no, we feel highly confident that our systems are ready, and in the interim, weve been able to beef up the preparation of fitting sets that are rolling out to the field, so therell be a fair amount of muscle behind the product on all fronts, the fitting sets, the marketing emphasis in January, as well as whats behind the scenes in the back office. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ms. Joann Wuensch with BMO Capital Markets.
Joanne Wuensch: There were three explanations that you gave. One was temporary softness with Sauflon. The second one was inventory reductions. Can you remind me what that third one was that in total hit $13 million or $0.13 a share? 
Robert Weiss : Yeah, it was foreign exchange impact on the fourth quarter of $3 million top line.
Joanne Wuensch : So the inventory reduction issue, weve been hearing this now a couple of times. You said, I think Im quoting here, but you feel confident this is the last time we will be raising this issue. Is it possible that just the purchasing patterns of your end users, your vendors, has changed permanently, and therefore youre going to be coming up against odd quarters for some time?
Robert Weiss : I think it has changed permanently, and if I kind of look at it from a three-year point of view, three years ago, we were down 20%. Last year, we were down 16%. This year, we were down 17% in days of inventory on hand. There are minimums that the distributors are allowed to have. Theyre at those minimums now, so they cannot contractually go below on any extended basis. I think were pretty efficient, and Ive mentioned a couple of times in the past that as an example, we ship a lot of the custom-made torics and the odd torics, the onesies and twosies, on behalf of the distributors, so they dont have to stock it. That led to a much more efficient requirement on the distributor in terms of what they had to carry. In other words, theyre carrying the high turnover SKUs and not the slow, complex SKUs like many of the torics are.  So the entire distribution channel is a lot more efficient in total, and I dont expect that to revert back the other way. Weve kind of got down to the floor. It took three years, and I would have said a year ago, when we had already gotten down, basically down 20, down 16, in aggregate down 36%, that would have been far enough. The reason Im confident now is that floor, the contractual floor. If they go below where they are now, then that runs the risk of back orders and servicing the customer, and thats kind of where we push back, if you will. 
Joanne Wuensch : And my second question has to do with manufacturing. Back in the spring, there was a warning letter in Puerto Rico, I believe. Im curious where that is in the process of resolution. And also, now that youve owned Sauflon a little bit longer, is the current thinking still to keep all of the individual manufacturing sites or are you starting to shift towards thinking about how to consolidate some of that?
Robert Weiss : The first question, on the warning letter, which came out of Puerto Rico, was issued earlier this fiscal year or early in the calendar year, I should say, and that has been removed. It has not yet been posted on the FDA site, but basically back in October the FDA cleared the warning letter. So happy to say that. Relative to consolidation, we have basically robust locations in Puerto Rico where we make over a billion lenses, well over a billion lenses, and in the U.K. Certainly, the U.K. is kind of a campus in the greater Southampton area, so that would be one site where, from a physical plant location point of view, well still look at it. Hungary is in a ramp up mode, and that will continue in a ramp up mode with Clariti. And Hungary and Costa Rica are our low cost labor centers. And so we would expect to continue to ramp up and expand into Costa Rica. In the one day modality, you talk about making a lot of lenses, so I dont see a huge amount of consolidation shutdown opportunity. Were certainly not going to exit either Southampton or Hungary or Puerto Rico, making a billion lenses.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Jeff Johnson of Robert W. Baird. 
Jeff Johnson: Greg, let me ask one more currency question, and you know, as you go through the explanation, it all seems to kind of make sense, at least as much as it can to a simpleton like myself, but if look at fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2014, you didnt have nearly as much of an EPS impact. 2013, you had some euro help offsetting a real big yen move, so I guess that makes sense.  But in 2014, it looks like to me the euro was down 7% year over year, the yen down about 10% year over year, and yet the EPS impact was only $0.36. So again, I hear all your explanations for 2015, but kind of, you know, why a factor of 3X bigger in 2015 over 2014, when the moves in 2014 actually were pretty sizable themselves? 
Greg Matz : Yeah, Jeff, Id have to go back and look at the detail, but one of the things to keep in mind is if you go back to, you know, when I started with the company in 2010, we were 50% U.S., 50% international, and weve steadily grown. In each year, weve grown that number. So from that perspective, weve had a bigger and bigger hit each year.  Also, the dramatic moves, its not been a 1% move. And in the prior years, and again, Id have to go back and look at 2013 to 2014, because I dont have that with me in the room, but the yen, again, was moving, but the yens at 120, almost a freefall, and so that has been pretty dramatic in having an impact on where were going. And again, not every rate is different. The other thing is all currencies are going against the U.S. dollar. Im not sure theres any one thats not. And thats a little different than the past, where youve had regional moves. And youre right, three years ago, it was the euro that hit us, then it was last year it was the yen and the euro went the other way, offsetting, and the pound has been fluctuating between $1.69 and $1.55 for I dont know, five years or whatever.  And this year was a little different. Everybody went against us. And you really saw that beginning the latter part of Q3. So Id have to go back and look specifically, Jeff, but again, we spent some time modeling this and looking at it, and its definitely a painful fact. But the fact that the cost or the impact per 1% has gone up is the fact that our reach has gone up, and our growth outside the U.S. has gone up. 
Robert Weiss : Yeah, Jeff, I do have the cheat sheet a little on some of that. The euro actually, as Greg alluded to, took a hit back in 2012, but actually gained slightly in 2013, and by that, I mean it went from $1.29 to $1.32. And then it went from $1.32 to $1.35 in 2014. So actually, from a full year point of view, its net marginally up.  It is the yen that, in 2013, took the big hit, 19% down, from 79 to 94, and then this year, its gone from 94 to 103, down another nine. And now, of course, ever since September 4, its just fallen off the cliff. So in aggregate, the yen is now devalued 56% since its high point of 77 back in 2012. So the combination of not only the yen, but also the euro and then of course the pound kind of joining it, but on a six-month lag base, and actually working against us as Greg indicated in the first six months of 2015, the pound goes the wrong way even. And then it starts going favorable as becoming a part hedge. So that, combined with the fact that our business has migrated from 50% outside the U.S. to over 60% outside the U.S. is a big factor, and what used to be $0.06 is now $0.10 with a range of eight to twelve depending on where the pound is moving in that pendulum.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Anthony Petrone of Jefferies. 
Anthony Petrone: I guess just to stay on the topic of FX Bob, and just to round out that conversation would be, can you just give us a sense, again, of the Sauflon U.K. revenues and their exposure to the pound and just how thats moving through the first half and how that plays into the equation as well? 
Robert Weiss : Yeah, the Sauflon, if you will, is essentially 90-plus percent an outside the U.S. business with a lot of currency in euros, some currency and some expenses in pounds, and then of course Hungary, the plant Hungary. And I know we have that as a dollar functional currency, but for all practical purposes, its moving more in tandem with Europe, or not in tandem with the dollar, if you will. So Sauflon is part of the reason that weve moved up north of the 60% balance of U.S./non-U.S. From a manufacturing point of view, theres somewhat the natural hedge of Hungary that comes into play, just like the natural hedge of the U.K. plant. But in terms of the revenue side, that is, where we are right now, 90% outside the U.S.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research.
Steve Willoughby: Just a quick question for you, Bob. I know you said capex would start to drop in 2016. Can you give any more color on what that might look like, and then what operating cash flow might look like given the incremental revenue and earnings from Sauflon?
Robert Weiss : You know, we guided to, or my comments are we expect north of $200 million in free cash flow next year. This year, we had, of course, $235 million, I think it was, or $236 million.  So our expectation is that towards the end of 2015, as we go through the integration activity and rationalization, and recognizing that Sauflon is where our future capital requirements for growth are really going to be, the fact that they spend one third what we spend for the same production volume, if you will, makes it an attractive model.  There are certain types of equipment in the CooperVision pre-Sauflon aisle, if you will, that were very expensive and rest assured, we expect to be buying a lot less $30 million pieces of equipment as has been done in the past, going forward.  So that mix, particularly as we rationalize some of whats going on with the manufacturing technologies and which products are made on which platforms, were highly optimistic that by the end of 2015, and moving into 2016, capital requirements will drop substantially, if for no other reason the fact that they spend one third as much for the same volume as we had been spending with the Clariti side. As far as free cash flow, post 2015, other than to say youre going to have two drivers, one is improved operating results from the integration activity being substantially complete by the end of 2015, number one. And number two, the reduced capex should lead to very attractive improvements, both on the P&L and on free cash flow in 2016. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Jon Block of Stifel.
Jon Block: Maybe two quick ones. First one, just Bob, can you talk about how youre doing in Europe, where you have both [unintelligible] daily lenses, MyDay and Clariti, how do you view your market share of new fits? And then the second one would be, you know, we keep on hearing from our checks and from you guys all these great things about dailies, but if you look at the growth, even on a trailing 12 month basis, dailies has gone from 12% to 10% to now 9%. So can you talk to us about what youre seeing from sort of a unit versus price standpoint within dailies?
Robert Weiss : As far as how were doing in Europe, if you look at our three regions, the one that really is stellar in pro forma constant currency, in other words, what we did is adjust it as if we owned Sauflon in the prior year. That was up 13% in constant currency compared to U.S. five and Asia Pac seven. Thats where we have Clariti and MyDay both in the marketplace, and theyre basically doing stellar there. If you look at from the point of view of how are our products doing in the single use modality, youre correct that from a CLI perspective, the market of one day worldwide last quarter was only 6%. But as I indicated, I dont think one quarter does the trend make, and if I look at it from a 12 month point of view, it was 9%. Maybe that was the 9% you were quoting. We, on the other hand, put up 11% constant currency growth - once again, pro forma constant currency growth - this last quarter. So pretty robust there, and that kind of reflects the driver being, among other things, Clariti in the one day modality and MyDay, to a much lesser extent. And for the last 12 months, trailing 12 months, we were at 16%, likewise very robust.  I think part of that 11% we had this last quarter was the fact that as far as deceleration was what was going on in the U.S., where we really didnt have MyDay into the U.S. market. And quite frankly, Clariti did next to nothing because of some of the things I explained regarding the disruption and our decision to pretty much stop new emphasis and opening new accounts and only service the existing accounts until January. So it will start showing up post the calendar year end and we look forward to good things really after the first quarter [unintelligible] starting that process. As far as pricing, I would say overall pricing in that modality is on net, up, meaning you have the trading up phenomenon as we, particularly Total One, which is off the charts trading up. So you have ARPs migrating up for a variety of reasons. Silicon hydrogel within the one day modality space. And I dont see any change in that. In other words, as we go from conventional hydrogel lenses to silicon hydrogel lenses, that is a trade up activity that will continue.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we will now hear from Mr. Bob Weiss for closing remarks. And thank you for your participation in the question and answer session.
Robert Weiss: Well, I want to thank everyone for joining us today. I wish we had a better story on foreign exchange, so if theres anyone on the line that knows how to weaken the dollar, please send your suggestions to Washington DC or someplace. And I know were not the only company that is dealing with foreign exchange, trust me, but it is kind of painful. We think hopefully youll look beyond foreign exchange to whats really going on in the company. We are extremely jazzed about that, and I must admit, just getting that official notice this morning that the CMA cleared us to go forward was just a nice thing to have going forward, because then the walls come down and we can hit the go button throughout the world relative to Sauflon. So Im jazzed about that, and we look forward to updating you on our next quarterly call, which will be March 5, 2015, on the progress were making. Look forward to it. Thank you.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-09-05 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Kim Duncan - Senior Director, IR Robert S. Weiss - President and CEO Greg W. Matz - VP, CFO and Chief Risk Officer
Analysts:  Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird Lawrence Keusch - Raymond James Christopher Pasquale - JPMorgan Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets Matthew Mishan - KeyBanc Capital Markets Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Matthew O'Brien - William Blair Jonathan D. Block - Stifel Nicolaus & Co.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to The Cooper Companies Third Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. My name is Philip and I will be your operator for today. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. Later we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Ms. Kim Duncan. Please proceed.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon, and welcome to The Cooper Companies third quarter 2014 earnings conference call. I am Kim Duncan, Senior Director of Investor Relations. And joining me on todays call are Bob Weiss, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Matz, Chief Financial Officer; and Al White, Chief Strategy Officer. Before we get started I would like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market or regulatory conditions and integration of any acquisitions or their failure to achieve anticipated benefits. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that maybe incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results or future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward-Looking Statements in todays earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including the business section of Coopers Annual Report on Form 10-K. These are publicly available and on request from the companys Investor Relations department. Now before I turn the call over to Bob, let me comment on the agenda for the call. Bob will begin by providing highlights on the quarter, followed by Greg, who will then discuss the third quarter financial results. We will keep the formal presentation to roughly 30 minutes then open up the call for questions. We expect the call to last approximately one hour. We request that anyone asking questions please limit yourself to one question. Should you have any additional questions please call our Investor line at 925-460-3663 or email ir@cooperco.com. As a reminder this call is being webcast and a copy of the earnings release is available through the Investor Relations section of The Cooper Companies website. And with that Ill turn the call over to Bob for his opening remarks.
Robert S. Weiss:  Thank you, Kim and welcome everyone. We had a very busy third quarter so we have a lot to discuss. As I am sure everyone is aware we announced the acquisition of Sauflon in our fiscal third quarter and we closed the deal on August 6th early in our fiscal fourth quarter. Since then weve had incredibly -- weve been incredibly focused on integrating the business and making it part of CooperVision. I am very happy to say we are making great progress and the integration is running smoothly and on time. Additionally I am very happy to say that we have learned a number of things post closing that makes me more positive on this deal, especially with respect to the manufacturing side. I will discuss this and the Sauflon business in more detail later.  Let me now start by providing some highlights on our fiscal third quarter. On a consolidated basis we grew revenues 5% to $432.5 million. Revenues were also up 5% in constant currency and excluding our Aime divestiture from last October. We posted GAAP earnings per share of $1.80 and non-GAAP earnings per share of a $1.90. Free cash flow was $54 million brining our 12 month trailing free cash flow to $206 million. Before getting into too many details let me comment on CooperVision and CooperSurgical at a high level. CooperVision grew 6% year-over-year to $350 million. We continued making progress in a number of different areas and we saw strength in all our key areas including silicone hydrogel family of lenses which grew 21%. We also continued taking market share, growing roughly 1.6 times the global market in calendar second quarter. Within CooperSurgical we grew 1% year-over-year to $83 million. This met our expectations as we are implementing some minor restructuring and reducing our focus on low margin capital equipment sales within the IVF section. Now let me provide some additional color on the Sauflon acquisition. As you know we closed the acquisition on August 6th. We immediately began integrating the business and again I am happy to say things are going very well. We believe we will be able to get the vast majority of the integration done by the end of 2015 with a significant portion done in the next six months. We have a number of personnel decisions we are in the process of making along with a number of the decisions around product offerings, back office combinations and manufacturing decisions. Regarding details I visited Sauflons primary manufacturing facility in Budapest last month and I can tell you its an extremely impressive facility. The cost and speed to get new lines operational combined with their flexibility is really impressive. As a matter of fact its better than we anticipated and I think is going to offer us manufacturing improvements in the outer years as we integrate our platforms.  Now before I get into the details of last quarter I want to touch on the soft contact lens market in calendar Q2 and our related performance. First off I am happy to say we once again took market share growing roughly 1.6 times the global market. The global market grew 3% for the quarter and we continued to take market share growing 5%. Although the 3% market growth is low remember there was large amount of pull forward in Q1 as Japan raised their sales tax effective March 31st and this resulted in a significant channel sale which resulted in a global growth of 8% in the first quarter.  To net everything out we believe the best way to look at the market is on a trailing 12 month basis where the market grew 6% and we grew 10%. At this point I believe the global market will continue to grow around 6% and you should see us continuing to take share especially with the addition of Sauflons daily Silicone hydrogel family of lenses.  For the quarter our strength continued to -- you've seen in Europe where we grew 9% against the market at 3%. This is the market where we sell all our products including MyDay and are doing very well. The Americas on the other hand is a market where our performance lagged, the market grew 7% which surprised me and makes me believe there is something going on with channel sale. Our new set data shows CooperVision running roughly 200 basis points above existing market share in the U.S. which clearly indicates we are growing share on a [fit] [ph] basis. We did see some inventory contraction so perhaps others saw some inventory expansion. Regardless I believe you will see CooperVision return to gaining share in the near future as we incorporate Sauflon and bring MyDay into the United States.  Now turning CooperVision details for the past quarter. On the sell side we had revenues of $350 million, up 6%. Excluding currency and the impact of the divestiture of Aime sales were up 6%. Our silicon hydrogel family continues to drive our topline with revenues of $174 million, up 21%. The silicon hydrogel family is now very deep with our monthly Biofinity product leading the way posting upper teens growth this past quarter. Our two-week family of products, the Avaira line also posted strong growth in the quarter up slightly over 20%. It's important to note that we're still under indexed against the market in the non-daily silicone space.  This portion of the market is now approximately 71% silicons and we are at 66%. So we're expecting to continue growing our non-daily silicon franchise for several years. Regarding silicon daily, our one-day product MyDay had a solid quarter. We're continuing to improve production on our lines and we remain on schedule to bring additional manufacturing lines into production in calendar Q2 and Q3 of 2015. We remain very positive about this product.  Obviously we are spending a lot of time evaluating the market with the addition of Sauflons daily silicon hydrogel product family and we continue to believe theres a great opportunity to split the market with a premium daily silicon hydrogel lines and a mass market lens. We also believe we have a premier portfolio in this space to become the market leader in comings years. As a reminder with the Sauflon acquisition we now are the only company offering daily silicon hydrogel product portfolio which includes sphere, Toric and a multi-focal. The marketplace is clearly hungry for this portfolio and we're here to deliver it. Our Toric business remains strong, growing 11% and now accounts for 32% of CooperVision total revenues, multi-focals grew 16% and now represent 11% of our total revenue. We continue to lead the global market in these specialized categories and we're taking market share.  CooperSurgical our women's healthcare franchise turned in a solid performance meeting our expectations. Revenue growth was only 1% but we're pleased with the strength in margins. On a GAAP basis we increased our margins from 64% -- excuse me, on a non-GAAP basis we increased our margins from 64% to 66%. Our fertility business continued to grow with our reduced focus on low margin capital equipment sales, growth was only 3%. We're continuing to work to find the optimal model of sales growth and margin improvement and we're confident we're on the right track. Based on this revenues will likely continue to be lower than we've historically seen in our IVF business over the next year but gross margin should remain strong. IVF now accounts for 34% of CooperSurgicals franchise.  Within our office and surgical business we posted growth of 1%. We're continuing to experience the challenges a lot of medical device companies are with the change in U.S. healthcare landscape. Having said that we believe we're maintaining if not takings share in our overall product portfolio. We also believe we have some products in development that should help grow in 2015 and 2016.  A few comments about strategy. We continue with our successful strategy which I frequently articulated in the past. We believe it's a solid strategy and it has delivered results. This includes investing in our businesses to ensure we continue to take market share. This includes direct investments such as our new manufacturing facility in Costa Rica which we anticipate producing products in late 2015 and our investments in emerging markets such as China. This also includes strategic acquisitions such as Sauflon. We also keenly focused on improving our operating margins which we now are targeting being 26% plus in the 2018 time period excluding amortization. Contact lens industry is $7.4 billion globally and our unique manufacturing platforms and wide product offerings mean we offer the most comprehensive portfolio in the industry. Just to crystallize this point CooperVision aggressively promotes silicone hydrogel and non-silicone lenses. We also emphasize branded and private label products and note private label does not mean lower operating margins. We also actively promote and specialize in custom lenses. We support all modalities that eye care professionals prescribe; one-day, two-week and monthly. And we support all types of lenses here spheres, Torics and multi focus. With the market leading position in the hybrid specialty lens categories Torics and multifocal it is acknowledged by eye care professionals that we are pretty good at specialty contact lenses. In my opinion we continue to be the most focused company in the industry. In today's market we have a solid product portfolio to leverage all modalities, multiple materials, all lens types and we retain our expertise to emphasize customizing lenses for the 10% to 20% of those lens wearers that require other than standard sizes in our designs.  While we already have pretty respectable gross margin and operating margins we have considerable upside yet to be fully developed upsize include elimination of our silicone hydrogel royalty with the expiration of patents, reduction of labor cost through opening new facilities such as Costa Rica. Improving molding cycle times, synergies from Sauflon and also leverage from our one day strategy. CooperSurgical is putting up solid results and is leveraging its infrastructure. The franchise was built with a solid understanding of the value of the critical mass in the women's healthcare market targeting the OB/GYNs.  We follow the profession wherever they go, bi it in the office, the surgery center, hospital or the IDF center. Although the call points are different the leverage is considerable. CooperSurgical maintained solid margins, gross margins in the mid-60s and operating margins in the low 20s both of which have upside.  And due to the minimum capital expenditure requirements CooperSurgical is a significant contributor to our free cash flow. We are dedicated to our surgical strategy and we will continue to leverage the surgical structure and products. Additionally the market for both women's healthcare and soft contact lenses are much less developed outside United States. And we generate considerable amount of cash offshore due in part to our local manufacturing outside the United States. As such we will continue to aggressively invest in global expansion opportunities. With over 95% of the people on the planet outside the United States we continue to find opportunities to invest in other countries for decades to come thereby sustaining our low effective tax rate definitely. And finally we'll have a share -- we have a share repurchase plan which has roughly $212 million of remaining availability and we'll use that program when believe it makes sense.  Now to touch a little on guidance, I'll let Greg provide the detail but I want to comment on a few things. As you can imagine we have a significant number of moving parts as we work to integrate Sauflon. Every acquisition requires a number of decisions to maximize revenues while realizing synergies. As such the CooperVision team needs time to evaluate and implement their plans, including decisions on personnel, facilities to get products and so forth. Having said that I do want to provide some color on the numbers. For fiscal fourth quarter we are providing guidance on consolidated sales of $477 million to $490 million and this includes $395 million to $405 million for CooperVision and $82 million to $85 million for CooperSurgical. Regarding CooperVision I am not going to breakout Sauflon number as we have over lapping products, specialty specifically daily hydrogels and we need to determine the best products to focus on. This may result in eliminating certain CooperVision or Sauflon products. We are working to make these decisions as quickly as possible and we will communicate those details once available.  Regarding earnings we anticipate non-GAAP earnings of $2 to $2.10. Note this range excludes all amortization. Also note this guidance reflects updated currency rates which have moved against us recently with the Euro dropping to the low 130s actually today down to the sub-130 level and the Yen to roughly 105. Regarding fiscal 2015 due to the Sauflon acquisition I have decided to change our historical practice of waiting till December to provide any details. Obviously its too early to provide any granularity. Let me say I believe we will see consolidated pro forma revenue growth in the upper single digit range on a constant currency basis which should mean $2 billion to $2.060 billion in revenue in 2015. We believe this should result in a non-GAAP earnings per share in the range of $8.20 to $8.60. As you can imagine there are a lot of moving parts with the Sauflon integration so, we will wait to provide more details on the December call. In the meantime we have a Analyst Day next week in New York City on September 11th and we will provide additional color on the integration details at that time. Speaking of our Analyst Day the format will be similar to our last one which the majority of the presentations will be from our operational management. Al and I will only make a few brief comments which will provide plenty of time for our Chief Operating Officer, Dan McBride and his team to discuss CooperVision and CooperSurgical. This will include Dennis Murphy presenting on CooperVisions commercial operations and Fernando Torre presenting on the manufacturing and distribution parts of the business. Al will now present details on CooperSurgical and Greg will cover our financials. This should be very informative a very informative morning. So I hope you can all join us. In summary before I turn it over to Greg. Let me say how happy I am with our businesses. Operationally we continue to outperform the market, growing 1.6 times the market last quarter and on a trailing 12 months basis. Our family of CooperVision products led by our silicone hydrogel families and our fertility line within womens healthcare are all very promising, each offering growth opportunities throughout the world. We also closed the acquisition of Sauflon and I truly believe our new market leading product offering in the daily silicon space is going to provide strong growth for many, many years to come. We believe our optimism is with good reason because of our solid profit margins and free cash flow generation we have been able to continue investing in our business including maintaining our commitment to capital expenditures to support the one-day expansion strategy. Todays one-day market is over $3 billion and growing much faster than the rest of soft contact lens market.  Not everyone will play. We have the products, the manufacturing platforms in the financial strength to move the needle. We remain keenly focused on delivering improving results, mindful of our desire to invest and leverage prudently, thereby delivering optimized long-term total shareholder return. With that as always, a reminder that at Cooper our number one asset is our employees. To them I express my appreciation for their dedication to creating value, delivering results. And now I'll turn it over to Greg to cover our financial results. 
Greg W. Matz:  Thanks, Bob, and good afternoon everyone. Bob shared with you a pretty thorough review of the market and our revenue picture. Now let me start with gross margins. In Q3 consolidated GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins were 64.9% and 65% respectively compared with 65.1% for GAAP and non-GAAP in the prior year. Gross margins came in at expectation. When looking at FX we had a slight negative impact due to pound-based inventory flushing through the system as we have discussed in the last couple of earnings calls, which was partially offset by favorable currency impact on revenue over the prior year. We saw similar offset due to mix as favorable Biofinity products were largely offset by other products including MyDay, MyDay specifically. We still expect this product to exit the year in the high single-digit gross margin range. CooperVision on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis reported a gross margin of 64.8% versus 65.4 for GAAP and non-GAAP in Q3 last year. As I just mentioned this reduction of gross margin was mainly due to a slight negative currency impact related to pound based inventory flushing through the system and product mix. CooperSurgical had a GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin of 65.3% and 65.8% respectively which compares to Q3 '13 of 64.1%. We saw positive impact from reducing our low margin capital equipment sales within IVF and with growth from certain higher margin products in the base business. It's worth remembering that our fertility business has lower margins than the rest of our business. But we are seeing improvement there as we focus on selling higher margin products. The difference between GAAP and non-GAAP relates to approximately 427K of severance cost. Now looking at operating expenses, SG&A in the quarter on a GAAP basis, SG&A expenses increased by approximately 6% from Q3 last year to $161.2 million and were 37% of revenue similar to the prior year. On a non-GAAP basis SG&A increased approximately 3% to $156.5 million. Difference between GAAP and non-GAAP was about $4.7 million in acquisition-related costs which were included in our GAAP numbers. SG&A on a non-GAAP basis increased 1% sequentially.  Now looking at R&D, in Q3 R&D increased quite approximately 8% year-over-year to $16.1 million or up $1.2 million. R&D was 3.7% of revenue, up from 3.6% of revenue in Q3 '13 and down from 4% sequentially. And looking at depreciation and amortization in Q3 depreciation was $25.7 million, up $2.3 million or 10% year-over-year. Amortization was $6.8 million, down approximately $900K or 12% year-over-year for a total of $32.5 million.  Moving to operating margins. For Q3 consolidated GAAP operating income and margin were $96.6 million and 22.3% of revenue versus $93.6 million and 22.7% of revenue for GAAP in Q3 last year. Non-GAAP operating income and margin were $101.7 million and 23.5% of revenue versus $93.6 million and 22.7% of revenue for the prior year. This represents a 3% increase in operating income over the prior year GAAP numbers and a 9% increase for non-GAAP. Difference between GAAP and non-GAAP is due to approximately $5.1 million worth of acquisition and severance cost. In Q3 CooperVision had GAAP operating income and margin of $88.4 million and 25.3% of revenue versus the prior year Q3 of $88 million and 26.6% of revenue for GAAP and non-GAAP. In Q3 '14 on a non-GAAP basis operating income and margin were $93.4 million and 26.7% of revenue. The difference here between GAAP and non-GAAP is due to approximately $5 million of acquisition cost for Sauflon.  CSI, CoooperSurgical had GAAP operating income and margin of $18.4 million and 22.3% of revenue versus the prior year Q3 of $16.4 million and 20.2% of revenue for GAAP and non-GAAP. Q3 '14 non-GAAP operating income and margin were $19.2 million and 23.2% of revenue. This difference between GAAP and non-GAAP is related to approximately $800K of acquisition and severance cost.  Moving on to interest expense, interest expense was $1.5 million for the quarter down 34% year-over-year. Looking at the effective tax rate in Q3, the GAAP and non-GAAP effective tax rate was 6.1% versus Q3, 13 GAAP effective tax rate of 2.3% and non-GAAP effective tax rate of 5%. As a reminder the effective tax rate was abnormally low in last year's third quarter due to a drop in the UK statutory rate from 23% to 20% which was enacted during that quarter. As we've mentioned before the effective tax rate continues to be below the U.S. statutory rate as a majority of our income is earned in foreign jurisdictions with lower tax rates.  Looking at earnings per share, our Q3 earnings per share on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis was $1.80 and $1.90 respectively versus $1.79 and $1.74 on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis in Q3 13 respectively. GAAP EPS includes the impact of acquisition and severance related charges of approximately $5.1 million or $0.10 per share.  Ahead of recasting our non-GAAP reporting to include Sauflon which will do in Q4, we are today updating our non-GAAP reporting to exclude amortization. We believe this change reflects how our industry is treating amortization and believe this will aid in transparency and the ability to compare results across companies. Regarding the financial impact of amortization, if you exclude it from non-GAAP results this year the impact on non-GAAP EPS would be as follows: For Q1 14, with $7.5 million of amortization reported the earnings per share impact would be $0.12. In Q2 14 with $7.5 million of amortization our interest here is also $0.12. In Q3 with $6.8 million in amortization, we saw a $0.10 impact on EPS and for Q4 excluding Sauflon we expect $6.8 million of amortization and an impact of $0.10 on EPS. For comparability, fiscal 2013 amortization impact on earnings per share was in Q1, $0.11, Q2, $0.11, Q3, $0.12 and Q4 was also $0.12. For fiscal 2014 excluding Sauflon the full year amortization would be approximately $22 million with an estimated EPS impact of $0.32. It's important to note there is a tax impact on the amortization depending upon where geographically the intangibles reside. We have intangibles relating to deals in several countries including the U.S. and UK, so the tax effect on amortization expense I just quoted is higher than our average effective tax rate.  Moving on to share repurchases. There were no share repurchases in Q3. Looking at foreign exchange and the net impact year-over-year for Q3 was slightly favorable by $0.02 at the current FX rates we will see a headwind on our fiscal Q4 guidance. For Q4 we are expecting a negative year-over-year impact of $0.17 which is $0.06 more than we guided to on our last earnings call. This EPS deterioration for Q4 is generally related to the weakening of the Euro and European currencies which track the Euro like the Kroner as well as the Yen. Note, at the current FX rates, we now expect a $0.31 negative FX impact on earnings per share in 2014. For today's guidance we used the rate of 1.31 for the Euro, 1.05 for the Yen and 1.65 for the Pound. And if any one of you who have been following it during the day you realize it has gone a little weaker from this morning. Balance sheet and liquidity, in Q3 we had cash provided by operations of $107.9 million, capital expenditures of $55.8 million and excluding acquisition related cost of $1.7 million resulting in $53.8 million of free cash flow. Total debt increased within the quarter by $12.5 million to $347.9 million. Subsequent to quarter end on August 6th we announced the company entered into a $700 million three year senior unsecured term loan which matures August 4th 2017. The facility was used to contribute to the funding of the Sauflon acquisition as well as to provide future working capital and be available for other general corporate purposes. This loan combine with previous facilities gives a combined debt capacity of over $2 billion. Inventories increased approximately $7.6 million to $353.4 million from last quarter. For the quarter we are seeing months on hand at seven months down from months on hand of 7.1 months last year and down from 7.2 months on hand last quarter. DSO is at 53 days up from 51 days in the prior quarter and same as last year. Touching on a couple of topics, important topics first off we closed the Sauflon acquisition for $1.2 billion on August 6th using offshore cash and debt facilities. We will be including their results in our Q4 reporting. With this acquisition we now expect to see interest expense of roughly $3 million in Q4. It's a little early to forecast the interest expense in fiscal 2015 but at current rates it's likely to be in the range of $18 million.  Integration activities are proceeding on schedule but we've not had a financial close with Sauflon yet. So we are working through a number of financial and operational detail and we'll continue to share information with you as we gain better insight into those details. Couple of points to note on this. We are in the process of doing our financial and tax evaluation work including completing pro forma financial statements. This will be completed in stages and we'll have quarterly pro forma financial statements completed by our Q4 earnings call and we'll distribute those as soon as possible. I appreciate that this is a key item for your fiscal 2015 model so we are working diligently to get this work completed.  Regarding taxes we believe the Q4 non-GAAP effective tax rate will be approximately 11.5% which is higher than our run rate but reflects the impact of excluding amortization as well as the addition of the Sauflon acquisition. And we are very much in the early stages and this number will change depending upon various integration decision but this is the best number we have at the moment. Regarding Sauflon's tax structure we are actively working on integrating their business into our global tax structure. This is in the early stages and depended on a number of items including the valuation work. But we hope to get this finished prior to calendar year-end and more to follow on this.  Looking at guidance, Bob gave you a little bit of guidance. So as Bob mentioned we are guiding to fiscal Q4 '14 revenues of $477 million to $490 million with CooperVision at $395 million to $405 million and CSI at $82 million. Bob covered the details around revenue but let me provide some more detail on EPS. It is difficult to provide too much granularity on a GAAP EPS basis as this number could change significantly based on Sauflon integration related decisions and the final valuation model. But on a non-GAAP basis we are anticipating Q4 '14 gross margins of roughly 64%, operating margins roughly 24.5% which combined with the interest and the tax rate I mentioned earlier $3 million and 11.5% respectively results in a non-GAAP range for the quarter of $2 to $2.10 and this excludes amortization. Regarding fiscal 2014 annual guidance all this results in revenues of $1.725 billion to $1.74 billion with CooperVision at $1.4 billion to $1.412 billion and CooperSurgical at $325 million to $328 million. Non-GAAP EPS guidance excluding amortization is $7.34 to $7.44. As I mentioned earlier because of the large number of integration activities and the wide range of potential cost it does make sense provide to GAAP EPS at this time. Looking at the preliminary guidance for 2015 Bob mentioned revenue at $2 billion to $2.06 billion and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $8.20 to $8.60. Taking into consideration that there are lot of moving parts and the things will change let me give you some of the assumptions we've used for our non-GAAP EPS at this point. Gross margins in the 63% to 64%; operating margin 23% to 24% range; ETR 9% to 11%, share count just under $50 million. Again a lot of work has to be done and these are some preliminary ranges. But because we know you are trying to set up your models we'll do what we can, we'll try to provide some more insight during our Q4 earnings call ion December.  With that let me turn it back to Kim for the question-and-answer session.
Kim Duncan: Operator, we are ready to take some questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And your first question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Baird. Please proceed.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: Thank you. Good evening guys. Can you hear me okay? 
Robert S. Weiss: We can you hear you fine Jeff. 
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: Okay, great. Hey, Bob so I want to start first on the fiscal 15 guidance if I can, on the $8.20, $8.60 range, pretty big range obviously you've got a lot of moving parts. So I think we all kind of get that. I wonder if you can just maybe take us through risks and opportunities. There is any bias to that guidance to the upper and lower end and what would happen to take it to the low end, what would have maybe have to happen to get it to the higher end? Thank you.
Robert S. Weiss: Okay, Jeff you were little muffled but I think I got the gist of it. The $8.20 to $8.60 guidance let's call that middle of the road. It's broader than we normally would like. Obviously we're going out a lot further than we normally would, but a lot of moving parts that Greg alluded to. Obviously some of the moving parts have to do with each of the key assumptions. One is on product rationalization I alluded to the fact that were going to be making some decisions on product rationalization which could certainly impact top line, what happens and how we use the plants.  In some cases a factor might enter into -- you have MyDay, and you have Clariti, both in the one day space, how we position that and whether or not we put more emphasis on go to market or basically on which do we go to market with. So those decisions are being debated extensively as we speak, various meetings going on throughout the world and they certainly could have implications do you go faster or slower or do you build and roll out more fitting sets of one, product one compared to product two. The finalization of the rationalization of the split between the mass market and the premium market and the related pricing that goes into that, particularly as we enter the U.S. all of those things are up in the air. Suffice to say one of the other things up in the air is foreign exchange, which is moving as we speak in unfortunately the wrong direction. We've given guidance coming into today with the euro, which is a very key catalyst for our business, if you will, top line and bottom line at 1.31, I think it was -- we're already down to sub 1.30. So clearly things like that would weigh us towards the bottom end of the range if that were to keep up.  The timing of our transition into the global tax arrangements of Sauflon and is it all of the products or only some of the products would weigh on our effective tax rate. So I guess I would say suffice it to say there is softness from the top to the bottom in terms of some of the assumptions therein why we have 63 to 64 or 1% spread on gross margin for example.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: Understood, and then just as a follow-up, you mentioned in your prepared comments some better than expected things you are seeing on the manufacturing side on Sauflon. Any specifics you can provide and I know you can't just make MyDay on the Sauflon lines, I know it's not as simple as that but maybe give us some idea that how you could apply some of that manufacturing to some of your technology over time. 
Robert S. Weiss: Yeah, I'll give you two insights. One is the ease of change; how easy it is for them to convert from making one product to another and the downtime, compared to much more expensive equipment thats more rigid, but high volume they get a lot more versatility in their platform. It's kind of like our platform in Rochester which gives us the ability to make made to order product, make changes a lot more rapidly compared to our high volume gen two type line. So that's one thing. The other thing clearly is the ability to make a product without alcohol and so their product and their production is easier. We've never basically had a love affair with alcohol, I think as many of those on the phone call know now we have a platform that allows for that and importantly a material that allows for that. So those two things are -- will weigh heavily on where we might go with different products in the future. 
Kim Duncan: Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Larry Keusch from Raymond James. Please proceed.
Lawrence Keusch - Raymond James: Thanks, good afternoon. Bob I guess just going back to your prepared comments, certainly relative to our model the single use spheres were the one that had the biggest variance and if I -- and what I guess I am trying to really understand is you grew 15%, I believe if my numbers are right last quarter 2Q you grew 4%, this quarter and if I exclude MyDay it feels like this quarter the base business was actually down year-over-year. So could again run us through sort of what you believe actually happened in that product category? 
Robert S. Weiss: Yeah, single use spheres, the biggest market in the world is Japan. And so Japan would be the most profoundly impacted by some of the activities with the VAT or the sales and use tax that occurred in Q1 versus Q2. So you do have to kind of normalize that, so one thing. The other thing is the second biggest market in the world now is the U.S. and it's clear we have a void where we are today. We have Proclear 1 Day doing a very credible job but it can't carry all the weight in the U.S. market. It does need a silicone hydrogel, a Clariti and a MyDay. So the absence of any of that activity yet into the U.S. numbers means that we are -- we have a temporary void that we all know will be filled up very shortly.
Lawrence Keusch - Raymond James: Okay, and then you mentioned what you felt like you saw some contraction in inventories and perhaps some expansion implied for other companies out there. Again can you provide some further comments on kind of geographically where that happened and at what product categories that may have happened as well? 
Robert S. Weiss: Basically we had some further contraction in our distributor network here in the United States. And when we look at that contraction compared to when we look at iData which is survey data that we get, we know that we did not lose share in those spaces. We're gaining share modestly. And we still, as I indicated, have much greater new fit share than we do total fit share meaning directionally we're headed the right way.  Conversely when I look at the total market for the U.S. and some of the survey data we have we can see a pretty big expansion and I am capable of, if you will, assessing certain products of our competitors and I wont get into the details on that, but know how some of them wind up on eye compared to how the total market moves.  So it's more speculative but I have a pretty strong hunch that there were some areas where there was pipeline expansion, some of it could have been new product-related. That leads to some expansion and we didn't have that going on in the U.S. So the U.S. would have been or the Americas is a big part of it. 
Operator: All right, our next question comes from the line of Chris Pasquale from JPMorgan. Please proceed. 
Christopher Pasquale - JPMorgan: Hey, thank you. I think I heard you say that the 4Q cash EPS guidance does not include the adjustment for the additional amortization created by the Sauflon acquisition, is that correct and is that the case also for the FY15 EPS guidance and therefore should we be expecting that range to go up once you finalize the accounting for the deal itself? 
Robert S. Weiss: We are basically excluding amortization of intangibles and so that will never enter our non-GAAP numbers, no matter what ultimately when those appraisals are done down the road leading to GAAP amortization, if you will, it will be -- it would go into GAAP and then be pulled out. It would be a better number wherever that number lands. Greg, I don't know if you want to add anything?
Greg W. Matz: Yeah, the only thing in Q4 until we move the IP and have similar tax structure that we currently have with Vision, you could have some tax effect and so without -- that's the only reason why we mentioned it, so we're fine. Our guidance range for 2015 is fine.
Christopher Pasquale - JPMorgan: Okay, so the guidance you have given for 4Q and then for presumably outlook for next year is as close to complete as you can get. There may be some moving parts but we shouldn't expect some other big adjustment as Sauflon is finalized.
Greg W. Matz: Right. 
Christopher Pasquale - JPMorgan: Okay and then I just want to clarify the answer to Jeff's question, the comment about product rationalization, is it still an open question whether MyDay and Clariti will both be supported or is the debate more about positioning in different markets?
Robert S. Weiss: Both will be supported, the debate is about positioning and obviously one dilemma is do you try to introduce and I'll be a little kind on the words, two blockbuster products at once in the U.S. or does one get the lead and one not get the lead. So that, when you have limited supply you have to make some decisions on am I better off doing X and Y if I have, two products and then sequencing it. So thats one thing that matters. The second thing on rationalization there are some overlapping products that are less glamorous, lets say then Clariti, one-day or MyDay and it will come into, should we rationalize out some of those products. 
Operator: All right, our next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question, guys. I just wanted to ask, Greg maybe could you tell us what the pro forma growth for CooperVision is implied in your Q4 guidance, and could you also talk about the capacity for Clariti, one-day. MyDay you said you could do $25 million in fiscal 2014, $75 million in fiscal 2015. For Clariti originally said they would do about $85 million in fiscal 2014, but you haven't given us much color on their capacity for fiscal 2015. Thanks. 
Greg W. Matz: I'll jump in on the growth rate. So fourth quarter for total CooperVision because we're not breaking out CooperVision and Sauflon but for total CooperVision you are looking at 11% to 14% range in constant currency, excluding Aime.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo: Is that pro forma, Greg? 
Greg W. Matz: Yes, it is. 
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo: Okay, and then the other questions?
Robert S. Weiss: As far as capacity for Clariti expansion, I guess two things, one is their total capacity is expanding rapidly, meaning Sauflon. And when I talk about versatility there are two plus on that. The versatility of whatever products you put on those lines, whether its Clariti single use or other products could influence your capacity considerably. If we were to take off the products off the lines that would directly influence the capacity. So when we look -- those decisions have yet to be determined, how much beyond their normal expansion of capacity that they were planning in their ramp up which was sustaining a company growing 20% a year if you will, and where we go with the product lines. So if we -- we can already make it on Cooper product line on Cooper equipment. We may elect to take even higher ARP products off of their lines and convert them to Clariti single-use if that makes sense. Long and the short of it is expect good growth from one-day silicon hydrogel lenses next year and it should certainly be well north of run-rate of $110 million that we're kind of looking at this year in terms of our roll-out next year. 
Operator: All right. Our next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch from BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets: Thank you very much for taking the question and good afternoon. Can we talk about capital expenditures please? We estimate that you are probably going to spend a little over 200 million in 2014 can you comment if thats sort of the right range and then how should we think about that next year as you ramp MyDay, integrate Sauflon and do the rationalization of products that you are thinking about?
Robert S. Weiss: Joanne, you are correct. We were targeted to spend well north of $200 million this year prior to picking up one quarter of Sauflon. So suffice it to say it's going to be well north of $200 million, if you will. The good news about Sauflon in terms of its impact on our capital requirements their capital is less expensive by a lot. And I mentioned the fact that they don't use alcohol. So among other things that makes it less expensive by a lot. So while we would normally in the context of all the activity we have going on with our plant expansions and you will be -- those of you attending the analyst meeting next week you will get a lot of insights in terms of what's going on in just how many locations, how robust that expansion has been.  There is no doubt that having Sauflon in the fold allows us to rethink certain capital projects going forward and migrate to some degree from a premium expensive equipment to less expensive equipment which is positive. Having said that I think in 2015 there will be some modest favorable impact of that, beyond 2015 a lot more favorable impact of that. So longer term the aggregate of having Sauflon included in our numbers I would [stress] that the total capital program doesnt go up at all, post 2015. It could be consumed in the improved capital model if you will. 
Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets: If I can follow-up please, on the tax rate, it sounds like you are doing a fair bit to manage that. Is that a project which lasts 12 months to 18 months or is that a multi-year project as you think about resuming that lowered tax rate? Thank you.
Greg W. Matz: No, Joanne it's a fairly quick project and we're hoping to have done what we need to do by the end of the calendar year. So we've done this before. It's fairly straight forward, just a lot of work that goes into doing it. Obviously there is tremendous amount of works and forms and calculations that need to be done.
Robert S. Weiss: And just to add a little bit color on that there are some pieces of that process that are business-related meaning what are your business decisions that could come into play, that may alter where we land and some of that may take a little longer. So that may be a piece of it, most of it we know exactly where we're going and how we want to get there. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Mishan from KeyBanc. Please proceed.
Matthew Mishan - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Yeah, great, thanks for taking my questions. I think the first thing I wanted to touch on is for the past couple of quarters, I think maybe two quarters ago you had [inaudible] distributors margin than the previous quarter, you had a price hike and sort of that pulled forth some demand and I think this quarter you saw some kind of inventory contraction. Where are you at with your largest distributors and distributor base and are we likely to see this kind of volatility continue?
Robert S. Weiss: I would say we are lower than I would have guessed as we end the third quarter. So I think they've rationalized their locations and that consolidation and that we're kind of near the floor. 
Matthew Mishan - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, and how much, if its possible could you quantify how much Sauflon did in the U.S. in the second quarter, the calendar year second quarter?
Robert S. Weiss: For a number of reasons we're not going to get into that initial rollout, so no, we're not. 
Matthew Mishan - KeyBanc Capital Markets: And just last question trying to may be back into what Sauflon was in your fourth quarter guidance, I think you guided to about $210 million or so for that business for the full year, this year. Is there seasonality in the Sauflon business that would make the final quarter more or less robust and should we pretty much be thinking about that almost as a full quarter of Sauflon kind of minus seven days. 
Robert S. Weiss: The way to think about it is -- its mainly a ramp up and roll out that theyre going through. So they have, they were on a trajectory and that was building. Having said that one of the key assumptions that would come into play would be that the initial rollout in the U.S. That initial rollout into the US which started last quarter for them is obviously one of the areas we need to think most about and that could mean going slow in certain parts of the U.S. as a result of that. It gets back into -- you have two products MyDay, Sauflon both entering the U.S. Really Sauflon Clariti is in front of MyDay getting here quicker. But you have an integrated operation in the U.S., that is what I'll call much more integrated than some parts of the world and much quicker, that comes into play and then product strategy we want to get it right from the get go and we dont want to have to fix it further down the road. So that could all translate to less than what I would call a dynamic sales strategy in the U.S. in this next couple of months.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby from Cleveland Research. Please proceed.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I guess you sort of answered my first question there, just regarding the guidance only going up by roughly $17 million on the high end despite you said Sauflon generating roughly $50 million a quarter. I guess following up on that for EPS for the year, I see that you've taken the high end up by $0.44. That basically accounts for the amortization that you no longer including. So I am just wondering where or when do you expect Sauflon to start to be accretive. As I know when you announced the deal you said it would be accretive, obviously there is some expectations by investors of how accretive it could be and it doesnt look like that accretion is going to start showing up in the first quarter, I guess that my first question.
Robert S. Weiss: I wouldn't -- I would say the numbers that we've guided to for the fourth quarter dont demonstrate any dilution from Sauflon and if anything there is some accretion starting in the fourth quarter, which then rolls into the period beyond, in other words we're not assuming it's a dilutive activity next year.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research: Okay and then just two other quick question -- yeah.
Greg W. Matz: Just one thing you are seeing some of the FX impact, but again if you look at, just for the year we're looking at $0.31 but even the fourth quarter you are looking at $0.17 which is about $0.06 above the guidance we gave last time.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research: Okay, got it. And then two other quick ones for you. Just so Im clear, are you not going to be breaking out how much in revenue Sauflon does either in the fourth quarter or in 2015?
Robert S. Weiss: Its going to be fully integrated with product rationalization. So the number in and of itself will be somewhat meaningless. We discontinued some of its products obviously, its going to minimize its growth in certain areas.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research: Okay, and then just the final thing for you MyDay, can you comment about how much in revenue MyDay generated in the quarter and can MyDay still do $75 million in revenue next year?
Robert S. Weiss: I would put that MyDay decision in hand-in-hand with Clariti, meaning are decisions we can make that will slow up the on-eye or the revenue activity next year of either one of those products and the example would be where you turn a product more into fitting sets, you take more of your production into fitting sets than into revenue producers. So those decisions rather than to start quoting numbers if we were to take a whole bunch of lenses out of revenue we're better off looking at and it is a package of products which we will start putting color on probably in December. We're just not going to be there clearly next week. So the activity we're going through right now will shed light on that but not until then. Just one more point on that. In December we will probably be talking to the total of how we're doing with silicon hydrogel in the one-day space more so than one or the other of those two products.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew O'Brien from William Blair. Please proceed. 
Matthew O'Brien - William Blair: Afternoon, I know we're running late here so I'll just keep it to one. Bob, I think you mentioned in your prepared comments that you now think you can get your operating margin up to about 26% in fiscal '18. I think that's 100 basis points higher than you've mentioned in the past. First of all is that right and secondly if that's true can you just give us a sense for the drivers of that improved optimism? Thank you. 
Robert S. Weiss: You are correct, you heard that right, so 26% plus, but the driving factor of that change was the removal of amortization. So we really ex-the amortization its the 25, although we probably said 25 plus. 
Matthew O'Brien - William Blair: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jon Block from Stifels. Please proceed. 
Jonathan D. Block - Stifel Nicolaus & Co.: Thanks, guys. I'll try to ask two and half quickly. The first one, Bob relative to our expectations APAC was light, it was up 7% year-over-year, it was sort of mid to high teens ex-Aime in the first two quarters of the year. And I know we had some noise with VAT tax but I thought you said the channel was normalized. You got it more, you gave it back in April. So can you talk to that, was there still more inventory in the channel that you had thought or if not what led to that slowdown over in APAC?
Robert S. Weiss: Yeah, I think if we look at again on a fiscal quarter basis we were up 7% and we were up a lot more in the prior quarter. On a calendar basis where you dont have that flush out period obviously it was pretty dramatic and there we had given, if I give the number in front of me, you had for the quarter a negative 3% for the industry, us coming with a positive one. And there I think if you look to the full fiscal year it's more meaningful which is 7% for the market plus that 14%. So we're still doing very good. I think the most meaningful gauge is the trailing 12 months when it comes to Asia Pac. 
Jonathan D. Block - Stifel Nicolaus & Co.: Okay, and then just, next one, I mean there is a lot of moving parts, I guess if you isolate AMEA, where its say, it's the only market where you're sort of fighting the fight on equal footing with Si-Hy dailies, you grew 4x the market, last quarter you grew 3x the market this quarter. So can you just talk -- is that where the bullishness is coming from long-term just going forward with the addition of Sauflon you feel you are for the most part on equal footing and when that's the case we should start thinking of market share gains that are still some sort of multiple of the market if you would? 
Robert S. Weiss: Yeah, I think when we look at Asia-Pac we say we're doing pretty good right now with Biofinity and the Proclear one-day material. When we look at Europe we're basically saying it was good even before we add Sauflons family or Clariti, it was already good. So it should say and continue very good. And you are right MyDay was an important catalyst as was Biofinity and even Avaira all products are doing -- are kind of humming in Europe, against the market that's doing fair.  When it comes to the Americas we know we have the void. It's a big void. The market is shifting rapidly from two week into one day and to a lesser extent into monthly. And filling in that void is really going with a dynamic growth of the one-day which is both MyDay and Clariti. So we think we have the right answer and therefore have every reason to think we feel good about gaining market share in all three geographic areas. 
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude the question-and-answer portion of todays conference. I would now like to turn the call back over to Bob Weiss for closing remarks.
Robert S. Weiss: Well, I want to thank everyone for joining us today. For those of you that are attending next weeks analyst meeting in New York we hope to see a lot of you there. We look forward to the presentation and as I indicated Al and I are going to speak less and you will again hear a lot more from the managers that make it happen. So we are excited about that. And for those of you not joining us in New York next week, we look forward to updating you in December when we report our year-end results. With that thank you operator.
Operator: You are quite welcome. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation. And you may all now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-06-05 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Kim Duncan - Senior Director, Investor Relations Bob Weiss - Chief Executive Officer Greg Matz - Chief Financial Officer Al White - Chief Strategy Officer
Analysts: Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Larry Keusch - Raymond James Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets Matthew OBrien - William Blair Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Jon Block - Stifel Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird Matthew Mishan - KeyBanc
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Second Quarter 2014 The Cooper Companies Earnings Conference Call. My name is Philip, and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are now in a listen-only mode. Later, we will be facilitating a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Ms. Kim Duncan, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Kim Duncan - Senior Director, Investor Relations: Good afternoon, and welcome to The Cooper Companies second quarter 2014 earnings conference call. I am Kim Duncan, Senior Director of Investor Relations. And joining me on todays call are Bob Weiss, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Matz, Chief Financial Officer; and Al White, Chief Strategy Officer. Before we get started, I would like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market conditions and integration of any acquisitions or their failure to achieve anticipated benefits. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that maybe incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward-Looking Statements in todays earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including the business section of Coopers Annual Report on Form 10-K. These are publicly available and on request from the companys Investor Relations department. Now, before I turn the call over to Bob, let me comment on the agenda for the call. Bob will begin by providing highlights on the quarter, followed by Greg, who will then discuss the second quarter financial results. We will keep the formal presentation to roughly 30 minutes and then open up the call for questions. We expect the call to last approximately 1 hour. We request that anyone asking questions please limit yourself to one question. Should you have any additional questions, please call our Investor line at (925) 460-3663 or email ir@cooperco.com. As a reminder, this call is being webcast and a copy of the earnings release is available through the Investor Relations section of The Cooper Companies website. And with that, I will turn the call over to Bob for his opening remarks.
Bob Weiss - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Kim and welcome everyone. A solid quarter with continued momentum, top line growth with 7% with revenues of $412 million, this was 9% in constant currency and excluding Aime from prior year results. CooperVision grew 9% in constant currency and excluding Aime, while CooperSurgical was up 9%. GAAP earnings per share of $1.62 and non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.64, excluding certain acquisition related cost. Free cash flow was $65 million bringing our 12-month trailing free cash flow to $217 million. Within CooperVision, we continued making progress with MyDay, our single-use silicone hydrogel lens. We ramped up our production and continued to grow sales and I am happy to say everything is progressing well. Additionally, our traditional hydrogel one-day business led by Proclear continued growing nicely resulting in total one-day growth of 21% for the quarter in constant currency and excluding Aime. Outside of one-days, our growth was driven primarily by Biofinity and Avaira, which both grew in the mid to upper teens. Regarding CooperSurgical, our fertility business was strong again, up 17%. This drove 9% overall growth in surgical, which was very nice. From a gross margin perspective, we were at 65.1%, which met expectations especially given the strength of our one-day portfolio, including ramp up costs from MyDay. From an operating margin perspective, we leveraged our operating expenses to grow our non-GAAP operating margin to a very nice 21.8%, up from 21.2%. This all led us to solid earnings per share and to us again raising the low end of our earnings per share guidance. Regarding guidance, I should also mention we maintained our revenue and continued to be comfortable with the drivers of our one-day lenses driven by MyDay and Proclear and our Biofinity and Avaira product families. Now before I get into the specifics on vision and surgical I wanted briefly to touch on the soft contact lens market in calendar Q1 and our related performance. As you know we have been taking market share for years at around two times the market. In the first quarter the market grew 8% and we grew 9%. Its important to know there was an anomaly in the quarter as Japan raised their sales tax effective March 31. And this resulted in a significant channel fill in Japan. I believe J&J and Alcon have mentioned it. To net everything out we believe the best way to look at the market is on a trailing 12 month basis where we grew 11% and the market grew 6%. Final point on this the Japan event did not impact our fiscal second quarter as it netted it self out within the fiscal quarter between March and April. We are under indexed in Japan and Asia-Pacific and we dont have any impacts on our third fiscal quarter. Now turning to CooperVision details, on the sales side we had ($331) million at CooperVision which put up solid top line results in the second quarter. And excluding the effects of the divestiture of Aime, a rigid cast permeable business in Japan, our CooperVision sales were up 9% in constant currency versus the second quarter of 2013. Our silicone hydrogel family continued to drive our top line with revenues of $161 million our silicone hydrogels were up 20% in constant currency. Our silicone hydrogel family is now very deep with monthly Biofinity, two weeks the Avaira line and now one day with just MyDay. And with the Proclear family we continued to gain share in hydrogels also during the second quarter. The Proclear family was up 8% in constant currency on the strength of one days. The overall family accounts for 26% of CooperVision revenues. By lens type, there are also  we also kept our momentum with torics accounting for 32% of CooperVision and revenues up 8% in constant currency. And our multifocal is now 11% of CooperVision revenues, up 18% above the prior year. We continued to lead the market in these specialized categories. When it comes to the fastest growing model, modality, one day disposables or single use if you will, we put up stellar numbers with one day spheres up 15% in constant currency and overall one day use up 21% in constant currency ex-Aime. Now, one very important point to understand about our product mix and the industry strategy of trading up 20% to 40% of silicone hydrogel lenses. It may appear that Cooper has caught up with the industry in trading up silicone hydrogel, CVI, our CooperVision is at 49% of its revenue in silicone hydrogels while the market is at 50% in dollars. In fact our mix masks how much room we still have to grow. For one day the silicone hydrogel market is at 13% and we are at 6%. For our other modalities the market is at 71% and we are at only 64%. Also our one day market share is still one half our overall all other products. Geographically CooperVision foreign exchange headwinds have moderated on the top line with zero impact worldwide, although it took a strong pound and euro to offset year-over-year weaker yen and the Canadian dollar. From a revenues perspective we had put up solid constant currency growth in all regions. Our growth drivers are in the Americas continued strong affinity performance with the halo effect of Biofinity multifocal and the strong one day lead of Proclear sphere. In Europe our success in constant currency includes the MyDay rollout, including Biofinity multifocal halo effect as well as Avaira. In Asia-Pacific, adjusting for the exclusion of Aime divestiture at year end or October 31, last year and for foreign exchange rates, Asia-Pacific was up 20% in constant currencies. Drivers include the Proclear family led by one-days and the Biofinity momentum. The sales increase in Japan effective or the sales tax increase in Japan effective April 1, which impacted calendar quarter one 2014 market data, was considerably flushed out in April when we have a decline year-over-year. Looking at contact lens market, the worldwide market in the calendar first quarter was up 8% in constant currency, while CooperVision was up 9%. The soft contact lens market is now $7.4 billion. The market grew 6% on a constant currency basis the past 12 months. CooperVision was up 11% during the same period in constant currency. CooperVisions market share gains were broad-based similar to past results. All modalities, all regions, all materials and all lens types. For the calendar first quarter, the market growth was sponsored again by the one-day modality, up 16% and is now 41% of the soft contact lens market in dollars. Also sponsoring growth is the silicone hydrogel material, which grew 14% and now accounts for 50% of the soft contact lens market. For the calendar first quarter, CooperVision one-day was up 23% and silicone hydrogel was up 20% in constant currency. The soft contact lens market remains a trade-up market with the trade-up to one-days about 400% to 600% and a trade-up to silicone hydrogels about 20% to 40%. Also, its important to note that torics and multifocals have a long way to go in capturing the market opportunity, especially outside the United States. Here CooperVision is the number one player worldwide. Geographically, Asia-Pac has done best, up 18% sponsored by the value-added tax or sales tax if you will increase that took effect on March 31. In calendar first quarter, CooperVision had offsetting events, the value-added tax and calendar period being flushed out in Asia-Pac, which did bring up the revenue on a calendar basis up 29%. Offsetting this was the impact of a January 1, 2014 price increase in the United States and some first quarter retail order delays in the United States, this net out to 9% growth for the calendar quarter for CooperVision as well as 9% in the fiscal quarter. CooperSurgical, our womens healthcare franchise turned in the solid top line performance. We were pleased with continued strength of top line growth in infertility which was up 17% above the prior years second quarter. Our fertility business now accounts for 36% of CooperVision franchise, our office in surgical business rebounded somewhat putting up a positive growth of 4% above last years quarters. Little bit about guidance, we again slightly increased our earnings per share by raising the lower end of our previous guidance. This guidance reflects our successes in the second quarter in managing SG&A cost in spite of ongoing investment in the rollout of our MyDay, our new one-day silicone hydrogel product. Our MyDay plans remains intact starting Europe in 2014, expand into the U.S. in 2015, and then in Japan in 2016. We continue making progress with the ramp up of capacity and are on target for around $25 million in revenue this fiscal year. Our outlook for 2015 remains around $75 million as we continue to ramp up and to expand in Europe and expand in the developing into the United States markets. Few comments about strategy, we continue with our successful strategy which I have frequently articulated in the past. We believe it is solid and it has delivered results. CooperSurgical is putting up solid results and is leveraging its infrastructure. The franchise was built with solid understanding of the value of critical math in a womens healthcare market targeting the OB/GYNs. We follow the professional wherever they go, office, surgery center, hospital, or IVF center. Although the call points are different for reach, the leverage is considerable. CooperSurgicals second quarter 2014 gross margin was 65%. Operating margins were over 22%. And due to minimal capital expenditure requirements, CooperSurgical is a significant contributor to our free cash flow. We are dedicated to the strategy and will continue to do tuck-ins and non-U.S. acquisitions to leverage the CooperSurgical structure and products. At CooperVision, the strategy is more complex and is much more global in nature and the $7.4 billion soft contact lens industry, because of the uniqueness of our manufacturing platforms, we are the only company that participates with a very broad and very deep product portfolio. Just to crystallize this point CooperVision aggressively promotes silicone hydrogel and non-silicone hydrogel that is the Proclear family. We emphasize branded and non-branded products. Note, private label does not mean lower operating margins. Actively, we promote and specialize in custom lenses with the high gross margin. And I might add that our gross margin on the private label and extended range lenses is good. We support all modalities that eye care professionals prescribe one-day, two-week, and monthly and we support all types of lenses: spheres, torics, and multifocals. With over 30% share in the high growth specialty lens categories, torics and multifocals, it is acknowledged by eye care professionals that we are pretty good at specialty contact lenses. For few eye care professionals, we challenge why the success of Biofinity toric for astigmatism. Put a great design together with a great material and great things can happen. You have seen similar success for the same reason with Biofinity multifocal, which first hit the market in the middle of calendar year 2011, almost three years ago. On the capacity front, we are capable of delivering considerable more products where we had been previously supplied constraint. The Biofinity family Proclear one-day or one-day toric and are all in good capacity shape. Our newest endeavor is now ramping up MyDay or one-day silicone hydrogel. On pricing, we like the rest of the soft contact lens industry have a trade up strategy. Our new wears and existing wears are targeted for silicone hydrogels, the Proclear family and the one-day or single use lenses. Each creates more revenue per wearer, a one-day modality for example results in 4X to 6X for revenue per wearer. While this strategy sacrifices the gross profit margin that is the percent, it generally creates three to five times more profit per wearer. Of course, the strategy competes head on with the lens care space, since we are shifting the wearer revenue resources from lens care to contact lenses only. Competing for lens care dollars is more of a problem for some of our competitors. In my opinion, we continue to be the most focused company in the industry lacking many of the distractions that some of our competitors have and are now going through. And by that with Biofinity, Avaira, Proclear and MyDay, we have a lot to talk about with eye care professionals all over the globe. As we look down the road over the next several years, we expect to continue improving our operating margins and deliver above average shareholder returns. We expect to continue to average double-digit earnings per share growth, while investing in geographic expansion and new product development. In todays market, we have a solid product portfolio to leverage all modalities, multiple materials, all lens types and we retained our expertise to emphasize customizing lenses for the 10% to 20% of those lens wearers that require other than standard sizes and/or designs. We have a lot of work to do before we come anywhere close to having exploited our number one contact lens family Biofinity. This is particularly true when it comes to geographic expansion and fully developing the Biofinity family of torics and multifocals around the globe. The same applies to Avaira, where the Avaira sphere was anxiously awaiting the relaunch of the Avaira toric. This combination has now put us in a much better position to exploit the U.S. two-week space owned by J&J and to also exploit our private label strategy more aggressively with this family. While we already have a pretty respectable gross profit and operating margins, from a cost perspective, we have considerable upside yet to be fully developed. Upsides include the elimination of silicone hydrogel royalty with the expiration of the patents, a reduction of our manufacturing costs, among other things, improving molding cycle times, increasing capacity utilization and improving yields in general. Each of these are key goals for us. And as previously mentioned, our expansion plans include a lower cost labor location in Costa Rica that is now being built. This is a multi-year project that will further help us manage down our cost. Also, given the considerable amount of free cash flow we generate, we will continue to look for tuck-in acquisitions and geographic expansion opportunities like Origio in our two businesses. The key requirement, however, is that each acquisitions must exceed our minimum investment rate. Each must achieve, over time, a hurdle rate that exceeds 10% return on investment capital. Additionally, the markets for both womens healthcare and soft contact lenses are much less developed outside the United States, and we generate a considerable amount of cash offshore due in part to our level of manufacturing outside the United States. As such, we will continue to aggressively invest in global expansion opportunities. With over 95% of the people on the planet outside the United States, we believe we will find opportunities to invest in other countries for decades to come, thereby sustaining a low effective tax rate indefinitely. And finally, we again, this year demonstrated we are opportunistically willing to buy in some of our stock to maximize total shareholder return. We will however, keep everyone guessing as to the timing. In summary, before I turn it over to Greg, let me say how happy I am with the quarter operating results. Operationally we continue to outperform the market being almost two times on the trialing 12 month basis and 1.2 times an inflated calendar first quarter. Our trailing 12 months market share gains are deep covering all geographies, all modalities, all lens types, all lens materials in both branded and private label. Our family of products like Biofinity, Avaira, Proclear, one day, MyDay as well as fertility in womens healthcare are very promising  each promising continued growth not only in the United States throughout the rest of the world. And we believe our optimism is with good reason. Because of our solid gross profit percent performance, we have been able to continue investing in geographic expansion, sales force expansion and R&D in the past the five years. Our improving operating income ratios have been cost of goods driven, leaving room to invest. Our balance sheet and our free cash flow are strong which is allowing us greater flexibility in acquisition activities and to continue select operational investing such as the BRIC expansion and focusing on our commitment to capital expenditures to support one day expansion strategy. Todays one day market is over $3 billion and growing more than five times that of the rest of the soft contact lens market. Not everyone will play, we have the products, the manufacturing platforms and the financial strength to move this needle and given the four times to six times trading up of the more compliant one-day wear, we are more than willing to trade-off our gross profit percent for the added profits from a one-day wear. And we remain committed to our 2018 objective of a 25% operating income target and related earnings per share growth impact. We have remained keenly focused on delivering improving results, mindful of our desire to invest and leverage prudently thereby delivering optimized long-term total shareholder return. While we did not purchase more shares of stock this past quarter leveraging our financial strength, this remains a viable use of free cash flow generation that we will continue to selectively use in the future. With that, as always, a reminder that at Cooper our number one asset is our employees. To them, I express my appreciation for their dedication to creating value and delivering results. And now, I will turn it over to Greg to cover some of our solid financial results.
Greg Matz - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Bob and good afternoon, everyone. Bob shared with you a pretty thorough review of the market and our revenue picture. Now, let me start with gross margins. Looking at gross margins, in Q2, consolidated GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins met our expectations of 65.1% compared with 66.2% for GAAP and non-GAAP in Q2 last year. The vast majority of this difference was due to the mix impact and startup cost associated with MyDay. As we have discussed in the past, these costs are expected during a startup phase, where you are building capacity. We still expect this product to exit the year in the high single-digit margin range. Looking at FX, the impact of FX on gross margins was negligible this quarter. In addition also for this year, we still expect gross margins in the range of 65%. CooperVision on a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis reported gross margin of 55.2% versus 66.6% for GAAP and non-GAAP in Q2 last year. As I just mentioned, this was mainly due to the cost associated with MyDay. CooperSurgical had a GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin of 64.7%, which compares to 64.5% in Q2 13. We saw some positive impact as the higher margin base business grew. Fertility with lower margins will continue to put pressure on our gross margin, as that part of the business continues to become a larger part of their mix. Now, looking at operating expenses, SG&A in the quarter on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis, SG&A expenses increased by approximately 3% from Q2 last year to $155.8 million for GAAP and $154.8 million for non-GAAP and both were 38% of revenue, down from 39% in the prior year. The difference between GAAP and non-GAAP was about $1 million in acquisition-related costs, which were included in our GAAP numbers. SG&A on a non-GAAP basis declined 2% sequentially. Now, looking at R&D. In Q2, R&D increased by approximately 12% year-over-year to $16.3 million, or up $1.8 million. R&D was 4% of revenue, up from 3.8% in Q2 13 and 3.9% sequentially. We continue to expect R&D to grow faster than sales in fiscal 2014. Now, looking at depreciation and amortization. In Q2, depreciation was $24.3 million, up $854,000 or 4% year-over-year and amortization was $7.5 million, down slightly or negative 1% year-over-year for a total of $31.8 million. Moving to operating margins. For Q2, consolidated GAAP operating income and margin were $88.9 million and 21.6% of revenue versus $81.5 million and 21.2% of revenue for GAAP in Q2 last year. Non-GAAP operating income and margin were $89.9 million and 21.8% of revenue versus $81.5 million and 21.2% of revenue for the prior year. This represents a 9% increase in operating income over the prior year GAAP numbers. In Q2, CooperVision had GAAP operating income and margin of $82.6 million and 25% of revenue versus $79.3 million and 25.6% of revenue for GAAP and non-GAAP in Q2 of the prior year. Q2 14 non-GAAP operating income and margin were $82.8 million and 25% of revenue. This year-over-year slight reduction in margin comes from a reduction in gross margins partially offset by leverage in SG&A. CooperSurgical had GAAP operating income and margin of $18.1 million and 22.3% of revenue versus $12.4 million and 16.6% of revenue for GAAP and non-GAAP in the second quarter last year. Q2 14 non-GAAP operating income and margin were $18.2 million and 22.5% of revenue. Operating income grew approximately 46% year-over-year on a GAAP basis. This improvement is largely due to an increase in gross profit and improved SG&A leverage. Interest expense for the quarter was $1.6 million, down 36% year-over-year. Looking at the effective tax rate in Q2 the GAAP and non-GAAP effective tax rate was 9.3% versus Q2 13 GAAP effective tax rate of 4.4% and non-GAAP effective tax rate of 5.5%. As we have mentioned before the effective tax rate continues to be below the U.S. statutory rate as the majority of our income is earned in foreign jurisdictions with lower tax rates. As a reminder in Q2 13 we saw the favorable settlement of a multi-year foreign tax authority audit which reduced our quarterly effective tax rate by about 400 basis points. Now moving on to EPS, our earnings per share on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis was $1.62 and $1.64 respectively versus $1.52 and $1.50 on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis in Q2 13 respectively. Excuse me, current quarter GAAP EPS does include the impact of acquisition related costs of approximately $1 million or $0.02 per share. There were no share repurchases in Q2, the impact on EPS for Q2 due to our Q1 share repurchases was approximately $0.02 per share and the impact for the year will be approximately $0.04. Regarding foreign exchange, currency continues to have an impact on our business, but the net impact year-over-year especially on revenue is much less in Q2. From a year-over-year perspective for Q2, currency negatively impacted us by $0.02 and this was mainly driven by the yen, which was down 7.5% year-over-year. At the current FX rates, we now expect an approximate $0.25 negative FX impact on earnings per share in 2014, with the majority of the remaining impact actually hitting in fiscal Q4. This is reflecting the impact of the strengthening of the pound in our UK production cost and the impact to our P&L based on our inventory turns which we have discussed in the past. We expect a smaller production impact in Q3 but this should be offset with a favorable FX revenue impact. Net-net this yearly currency impact is close to the $0.21 impact we mentioned we gave our initial annual guidance in December. For todays guidance we use todays rates of the dollar of $1.36 for the euro, ($103) for the yen and $1.67 for the pound. Moving on to balance sheet and liquidity, in Q2, we had cash provided by operations of $126.3 million, capital expenditures of $61.2 million resulting in $55.1 million of free cash flow. Total debt decreased within the quarter by $10.3 million to $335.4 million. We now have approximately $1 billion of total credit available as of April 30. Inventories increased approximately $6 million to $345.8 million from last quarter. For the quarter, we are seeing months on hand at 7.2 months, down from months on hand at 7.8 months last year and flat to last quarter. Accounts receivable continues to be well managed with DSOs at 51 days, down from 53 days in the prior quarter and down from 54 days last year. For guidance as Bob mentioned we moved the bottom of GAAP EPS range up to $6.78 and left the top of the range at $7. On a non-GAAP basis we have increased the bottom of the range to $6.80 and have left the top of the range at $7. With that let me turn it back to Kim for the Q&A session.
Kim Duncan - Senior Director, Investor Relations: Operator we are ready to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Alright. (Operator Instructions) And your first question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo: Hi guys. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Just two for me, first is a clarification, Bob I dont understand the 8% when you look calendar first quarter 2014, the 8% for the market and 9% for CooperVision, why that isnt a fair comparison because your Asia-Pacific business was up 29% and did benefit from the buy-in from Japan? And second, can you talk about it wasnt clear to me why the Americas was flat in calendar Q1. I know I think you are up 5% for fiscal Q2, but could you talk about what you saw in April and May? Thanks.
Bob Weiss: Okay, the 9% versus the 8%, 9% for us and 8% for the market, of course the market is inflated and keep in mind that Japan is a big part of the market. So, that inflation that occurred in March, the end of the calendar quarter is reflected in that. And your large players, if you will, in the Japanese market by far the largest player is J&J. So, it had a profound impact on J&J. It had a profound impact on the market relative to Cooper. While that percent is big, 29%, we are hugely under index. Our market share is about just a little above half the market share in Asia-Pac as it is in the rest of the world. So, the percentages dont always add up with equal weighting if you will. Secondarily and thats where Asia-Pac for the entire market, which is around 30% of the world matters a lot when its only half that for us, it matters a lot less. Relative to the Americas, the Americas is coming off of a calendar quarter that was 15% for Cooper and it dropped from 15 to 0 in the next calendar quarter. We had our price increase, select price increase effective January 1, which had the impact of bringing revenues from January into December. And therefore, the calendar fourth quarter is inflated that flushes out considerably in January. Therefore, it doesnt show up in the fiscal period like it does in the calendar period. So, we were artificially high on a calendar basis in that fourth quarter. And this is somewhat neutralizing that. Relative to the flush-out in April and May, most of the flush-out occurs in April with people buying forward into March in Japan and it had a minimal effect on our May results. And that has contracted into the guidance we are giving going forward.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo: Thanks for taking the question.
Operator: Alright. Our next question comes from line of Larry Keusch with Raymond James. Please proceed.
Larry Keusch - Raymond James: Thank you. I know Bob you talked a little bit about MyDay being on plan and gave some sense of where you expect the margins to be, but could you dig in a little bit and then perhaps talk a little bit about the experience with the yields? And I was under the impression that there was an opportunity to actually exit fiscal 14 at an operating margin that was north of single-digits. So, if you could talk about that? And then I didnt see any update for free cash flow and CapEx for the year in terms of guidance? So, that will be a question for Greg.
Bob Weiss: Okay. On the operating outlook for MyDay, I think we have been pretty clear on operating margin that we are not expecting operating margin in 2014 into 15 and we maybe investing into 2016 as we hope from Europe to the U.S. to Asia-Pac. Relative to gross margin, we indicated that we had a negative gross margin in the first quarter. It would move into a  I think upper single-digit mode the second half of this year and then move into teens in 2015. We are, I would say, on track or ahead of schedule a little in those areas. So, we are pleased with the progress we are making on moving the needle on profitability there. It would still be our intent however to invest in the rollout and not expect to make operating profit even in 2015 on MyDay.
Greg Matz: Yes. Larry, on the guidance, the guidance hasnt changed. We still see free cash flow and CapEx above $200 million.
Larry Keusch - Raymond James: Okay. And just on that CapEx, sort of just help us all, how much above $200 million are we thinking, is it really closer to $250 million?
Bob Weiss: We are at a modal  we just came off $61 million quarter. Year-to-date, I want to say we are approaching $120 million. So we are running at $240 million. I would not be surprised if its north of $220 million by the end of the year, but we will kind of leave it in that, plus $202 million as high as $240 million range.
Larry Keusch - Raymond James: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Alright. And our next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch from BMO Capital Markets.
Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets: Hi, thank you so much for taking my questions. Can we spend little bit of time on SG&A? That seems to be particularly well-managed. And I am curious how we should think about that as a go-forward metric?
Bob Weiss: Yes. As far as the SG&A is concerned, we are in the mode of moving into more leverage. We have been investing heavily over the last four, five years in the brick expansion as well as sales force expansion and R&D. And we would expect to over the next several years start really getting some meaningful leverage out of those areas. Particularly, where we have invested several years in certain countries we have been in the brick area, if you will, losing a fair amount of operating income in the startup mode. Thats been kind of masking the total P&L that you see worldwide. And now its time with revenue generation to get some leverage out of that. And that will continue over the next period while we say we are going from 22% OI to 25% OI that is more about SG&A leverage and it is about change in the gross profit margin. One thing noteworthy to put here in your thought process, however, is during the next three years we will continue to reduce cost of goods in terms of manufacturing. That will not necessarily show up in gross margin and in reduction of cost of goods, it will be masked by product mix as we shift into the one-day modality. The one-day modality will have basically a lower gross margin, but also lower operating expense ratio. So, there will be some  there should be through mix some improvement in operating cost over that timeframe also.
Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. As a follow-up question, while you have us all here together, could you comment on the FDA warning letter that hit the website about three weeks ago? Thank you.
Bob Weiss: Yes. I am not going to say too much about it other than like any warning letter or 483, which preceded it we take FDA observation seriously and rest assured its getting our full attention. It was in Puerto Rico. I think some people have asked whether or not it was connected to anything that happened in the past, the recall of Avaira toric, the answer to that is no, it is not connected with any previous activity. It was more a result of inspection done that led to 483 that happened in December and January timeframe. And a lot of it had to do with CAPAs and in documentation, which we are as I indicated taking seriously. At some point in time, the FDA and we would expect by the end of calendar year to come in and confirm the actions that we have taken. I dont have anymore color on it than that at this juncture.
Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets: Thank you.
Operator: Alright. And our next question comes from the line of Matthew OBrien with William Blair. Please proceed.
Matthew OBrien - William Blair: Good afternoon and thanks for taking the questions. Bob, I was hoping first just to start with a clarification point and then get into my actual question after that if thats okay, but on the clarification side I think what you are saying is with what went on in Asia-Pac and especially Japan giving your under-indexing there plus the strong comp you had in the Americas this time last year. The market growth rate is probably something around 5%, you guys did 9%, but on a rolling average basis you are probably a little bit higher than that. So you are still taking share roughly at about double the market rate and you anticipate that type of trend will continue going forward, is that the way that we should characterize the quarterly results?
Bob Weiss: Thats a pretty good summary. I would say we have never kind of said we think we can keep taking double or 2X indefinitely. So its nice that for the last three years we have done two. And if we look at it over a five year perspective, I think we average maybe about 1.8. So anything in the range we are talking about the 9% to 10%, we are happy with that obviously we want to beat it. And the market I do think has moved from the 4% to 5% now to the 5% to 6%, but you are correct the 8% is probably more like 5% to 6% and it is much about that.
Matthew OBrien - William Blair: Okay, and then for my actual question. We are getting closer to the roll off of the U.S. component of the royalty to CIBA and you got a pretty big headwind right now with MyDay on the gross margin side of things, as we start to think about fiscal 15, is it fair to think I know you dont want to give too much in terms of numbers here, but is it fair to think we can get maybe 25% even up to probably not quite as high, but maybe 50% of the headwind from the MyDay product on the gross margin side offset by the royalty rolling off?
Bob Weiss: I am not going to put enough color on that. We have gone out of our way not to put too much color on how it weighs other than to make one point, which is some of the royalty savings we will invest. And it is factored into our model which is basically saying we are going to go from at one point in time with 20% to 25%. We now are more like 21% to 22%, 22% to 25% operating income between now and 2018. So that is still our objective and the royalties are factored in there and the MyDay is a weighting factor in that model over the next several years. And relative to gross margin, in concept you are right that one day, MyDay is taking it one way and the royalty will help minimize that, but I am not going to put more color on it than that.
Matthew OBrien - William Blair: Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby from Cleveland Research. Please proceed.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question. I have a question and a follow-up to something  somebody else already asked. I guess first on the follow-up question, I am just wondering you mentioned the January might have been impacted by the price increases you put into effect January 1, I am just wondering do your competitors not also put in price increases at the beginning of the year and I am just wondering why they may not have seen the same buy ahead impact. And then my second question Bob is in your prepared remarks, if I understood you correctly backing into it, it sounds like MyDay generated maybe a little over $4 million in revenue, so I am wondering if you could confirm that and also maybe provide any commentary on how Biofinity growth was in the quarter?
Bob Weiss: Alright. Several things, the competitors still have price increases while we do and they are not across the board, some products get more and some products get none. Relative to, did the market show up, the market in the Americas in the fourth calendar quarter was 8%, so that was fairly robust compared to a trailing 12 months of six. So it was the strong quarter for the marketplace in the Americas. So that could be a factor, it certainly was a factor for Cooper. Relative to the question on MyDay you are not too far off with the $4 million to $5 million relative to where it is. We are at a $5 million. So, lets say, a $20 million run-rate now, your math would not be too far off. Biofinity and Avaira, I think I indicated were mid to upper teens, both family of products were mid to upper teens. So that was a comment from my  I made that in my remarks.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research: Okay, thanks so much.
Operator: Alright. And our next question comes from the line of Jon Block from Stifel. Please proceed.
Jon Block - Stifel: Great. Good afternoon guys. I was hoping you can hear me okay. I think two questions. Bob, just on the first one, I know there is a lot of moving parts with the market data due to the value-added tax, but I am guessing Europe should be pretty clean. The market was up 3% in 1Q, you guys were up 12% or sort of 4X. Its a big number. And can you speak to what led to sort of 4X the market in Europe? And to what extent MyDay played a role there? And then I will go ahead and ask a follow-up.
Bob Weiss: So, you are totally right that we did very well in Europe, 4X the market and MyDay is certainly a contributor there. And we continue to do well with Biofinity and Avaira in Europe as well as really the migration of torics and multifocals. So both as to modality, its a factor, lens type, its a factor and product rollout is the factor, and all three kind of play well.
Jon Block - Stifel: Okay, great. And then maybe my second one has two parts if possible. The first one is just channel across the different markets again you mentioned a lot of moving parts. Are we normalized in the channel? You mentioned APAC did, but is that the case in the U.S.? And actually I will save the rest of my questions for offline. Thanks guys.
Bob Weiss: Relative to normalized in the channel, certainly we are normalized in the channel now as we have kind of gone through April-May. Relative to the channel, we look at calendar quarters there is no doubt that the second calendar quarter is going to be weak relative to the first calendar quarter, because of the size of that value-added tax or sales tax, if you will in Japan. So, that will no doubt influence the total market what came into the first quarter will come out of the second quarter and then it will be normalized on that front. I think the U.S. is by the end of the first quarter, calendar quarter is pretty normalized from any implications of price increases. And so I think most everything else is normalized.
Jon Block - Stifel: Okay, perfect. Thanks for your time.
Operator: Alright. And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson from Robert W. Baird. Please proceed.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: Thank you. Good evening guys,
Bob Weiss: Good evening.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: Bob, wondered if I could maybe ask one follow-up and then my real question I guess from there? But on the MyDay revenues of around $5 million or so, I mean, can you talk maybe sequentially how that is trending and just maybe qualitatively how the rollout is going? I know you said well, but maybe any color about what you are seeing in some of your European markets where you have now launched the product? And some background maybe on how those plus powers are maybe or maybe not helping the uptake of that product?
Bob Weiss: Well, the product is going as fast as we can make it. So, its only looking to the market other than say the market likes what they see in Europe, thats very plus, very good. Relative to our ability to continue to ramp up, we basically planned on more than doubling capacity during short window primarily in the second quarter, we were successful in that. So, when we say our rollout is proceeding to plan, starts with the capacity and the capacity is doing quite well. So thats not an inhibitor as we continue to rollout. At some point in time, we will be  before we know, we will be gearing towards the best market, but there is no real expectation that we will have any meaningful going forward from 2015 into 2014 relative to the Americas or the U.S. market. So, things are going to plan. And we are, I mentioned, $25 million that we are targeting this year, we are now at $20 million run rate. And we would expect to have a decent shot at approaching that $75 million objective for next year.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: Alright, thats helpful. And then just on my other question, as I think through the next couple of quarters, obviously, you have got some of the pound headwinds on the gross margin. I think the market is somewhat worried about competition and just general gross margin impacts from MyDay. Your operating margin in the second half of last year was actually about 100, 150 basis points higher than in your first half of the margin comp. If you think about it that way, it gets a little tougher. And I put all that together and yet you are guiding to kind of an acceleration in EPS growth, the 15% to 21%, if I take kind of the range thats out there now for the second half in your guidance. So, what gives you the confidence that I guess EPS accelerates from here, it was 13%, 14% in the first half and now you are talking about kind of mid to upper teens, is that 20% in the second half? How do you grow that fast EPS in with all the other kind of issues there I just mentioned?
Bob Weiss: Well, obviously one of the factors we mentioned that we are  we have been investing heavily in MyDay in the fourth quarter last year, invested heavy in MyDay in the first half of this year, while and thats even at the gross margin line. So, as we move into a positive territory on gross margin thats a big shift and we will start minimizing the size of the losses. So, thats one thing is leverage. Our comp in the fourth quarter will be easier brought about by a couple of events that took place last year and certainly one of those was just the fact that we were accelerating MyDay forward with fittings that cost as well as conversion of equipment, which cost just a fair amount of money. So the comp is somewhat easier in the fourth quarter. And I think when you factor those two things together you will see that there is some logic to acceleration. We also had I think some degree of a  well, we had foreign exchange headwinds in the first quarter, but I think we are also anticipating more in the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter is more cost of goods related to lag of the strengthening of the pound getting to the P&L. That of course puts a little pressure on the gross profit line in that quarter. So that will serve somewhat as a headwind against the positive trends on MyDay in terms of cost of goods if you will.
Greg Matz: Yes. Jeff, if you look at the model, I think you will see the second half obviously you have a revenue increase second half over first half you got good control on gross margins. Bob mentioned some of the opportunities, also good control over OpEx, Joanne talked about the SG&A leverage. So, you put all that together. I think we are trying to manage this very, very tightly and that execution I think will deliver results that we have guided to.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: Fair enough. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Alright. (Operator Instructions) And our next question comes from the line of Matthew Mishan from KeyBanc.
Matthew Mishan - KeyBanc: Good afternoon and thank you for taking my questions.
Bob Weiss: Good afternoon.
Greg Matz: Yes, good afternoon.
Matthew Mishan - KeyBanc: Yes. Can you talk a little bit about CooperSurgical, what you are seeing in the marketplace, I think last quarter, you said that some orders got pushed out of 1Q into 2Q. Are you seeing improvement here or is this just timing or?
Bob Weiss: I would say modest improvement, but at certainly 4%, we were pleased with in the context of the market and some of the shifting going on there. I would say the surgical outpatient side is still tough. So we dont want to minimize that idea. Fertility has been doing a good job. We are very pleased with that, those results. And some of the products that we worked on last year in terms of second generation product, we are starting to see some modest benefits of that. So, those three variables still leave us feeling pretty good about the range we gave for guidance, which is still quite frankly, if you were to strip out idea, still pretty anemic expectation on the surgical and the office space in the U.S.
Matthew Mishan - KeyBanc: Okay. And its been two years since Origio, how would you describe the pipeline?
Bob Weiss: Well, Origio is a lot more about geographic expansion and certainly taking their product portfolio much more into the outside the U.S. world. The U.S. world is a little bit more mature right now. The pipeline there is  been some plus factors in the pipeline within Origio and the marketplace. And the other thing we are trying to do over time is shift the mindset a little from  away from less equipment more disposable which will lead to improving gross margins within that space. That space is a little, still somewhat a gross profit drag within the CooperSurgical mix, but improving if you will.
Operator: Alright. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the question-and-answer session of todays call due to running out of time. And I will now turn the call back over to Bob Weiss for closing remarks.
Bob Weiss - Chief Executive Officer: Well, I want to thank everyone for joining us today. We look forward to updating you again in September on our quarterly progress and particularly on MyDay and the continued ramp up and rollout. And with that, I want to thank everyone for participating.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that concludes todays conference. Thank you all for your participation and you may all now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-03-06 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Elizabeth Bremner Robert S. Weiss - Chief Executive Officer, President, Non-Independent Director and Member of Science & Technology Committee Gregory W. Matz - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Risk Officer and Vice President
Analysts: Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Lawrence S. Keusch - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Anthony Petrone - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company Kaila Krum Joanne K. Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets U.S.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you, all, for joining The Cooper Companies First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Ryan, and I'll be the operator in today's call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, we are recording this call for replay purposes. And now, I'll hand the call over to your host, Ms. Elizabeth Bremner with Investor Relations.
Elizabeth Bremner: Good afternoon, and welcome to The Cooper Companies' First Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. I'm Elizabeth Bremner, Investor Relations Analyst. And joining me on today's call are Bob Weiss, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Matz, Chief Financial Officer; and Al White, Chief Strategy Officer. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market conditions and integration of any acquisitions or their failure to achieve anticipated benefits. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward-Looking Statements in today's earnings release and as described in our SEC filings, including the business section of Cooper's annual report on Form 10-K. They're publicly available and on request from the company's Investor Relations department. Now before I turn the call over to Bob, let me comment on the agenda for the call. Bob will begin by providing highlights of the quarter, followed by Greg, who will then discuss the fourth quarter -- the first quarter and full -- or financial results. We will keep the formal presentation to roughly 30 minutes, and then open the call for questions. We expect the call to last approximately 1 hour. [Operator Instructions] Should you have any additional questions, please call our Investor line at (925) 460-3663 or email ir@cooperco.com. As a reminder, this call is being webcast and a copy of the earnings release is available through the Investor Relations section of The Cooper Companies' website. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Bob for his opening remarks.
Robert S. Weiss: Thank you, Elizabeth, and good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and good evening in some cases. Well, a few financial highlights. A solid way to start the new year, top line growth of 7%, 11% in constant currency excluding the divestiture of Aime. GAAP and non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.47 and non-GAAP earnings per share is up 20% versus the prior year's first quarter. Some highlights and key events. During the quarter, we continued to gain market share and grow at 2x the market. Our silicone hydrogels are posting -- posted $154 million in revenue. Were up 30% in constant currency in the fourth quarter or in the full first quarter. Our rollout of MyDay, most notably in Europe, proceeds to plan. Our manufacturing ramp up of MyDay is also proceeding to plan, if not slightly, ahead of plan. The depth of our top line growth is broad-based. All regions, all modalities, all types of lenses, spheres, torics and multifocals, in both hydrogels and silicone hydrogels. We delivered a solid top line, a solid gross profit percent, a solid operating margin and a solid earnings per share. We took the opportunity to continue opportunistically buying our shares -- buying in another 396,000 shares for $50 million. At $326 million, CooperVision revenues put up a solid top line results in the first quarter. Excluding the effects of the divestiture of Aime, our CooperVision sales were up 14% in constant currency versus the prior year. Our silicone hydrogel family continue to drive our top line. With revenues of $154 million, our silicone hydrogels were up 30% in constant currency. Our silicone hydrogel family is now very deep. Monthly which is Biofinity; 2 weeks, Avaira and now, the daily disposable MyDay. All modalities performed well even our non-silicone hydrogel products performed well. Our Proclear family, led by daily disposables was up 12% in constant currency and accounts for 25% of CooperVision's revenues. By lens type, we also kept our momentum with torics accounting for 31% of CooperVision's revenues, up 12% in constant currency. And multifocal is now 10% of CooperVision revenues, up 24%. We continue to lead the market in these more specialized categories. When it comes to the fastest-growing modality, daily disposables or single-use lenses, we put up stellar numbers with single-use spheres, up 14% in constant currency and overall single-use, up 19%. Geographically, CooperVision's foreign exchange headwinds continue reducing our revenues, down 3% in the quarter. Excluding foreign exchange and the Aime divestiture, our CooperVision revenues growth was 14% in constant currency. The biggest headwind is still the year-over-year comps on the yen, which was down 21% versus the prior year. With $200 million of revenue in Japan, this certainly is a drag, but one that should moderate starting in the second quarter. From a revenues perspective, we have put up solid constant currency growth in all regions. Our growth drivers are in the Americas trading up to Biofinity including the ongoing halo effect of Biofinity multifocal with the entire family doing well. Also while much smaller base Proclear 1 Day and the Avaira Toric and Sphere family are significant contributors. In Europe, right now, the euro is helping offset some of the yen, driving our 13% constant currency growth is the -- in this region is the entire Biofinity family, 1 Day is including MyDay and Avaira. In Asia Pacific, while foreign exchange took its toll on revenues in constant currency -- our constant currency revenue was up 17% excluding Aime. The Biofinity family, with strong support both Biofinity Toric and Biofinity Multifocal and single-use led by Proclear 1 Day, are key drivers. In the Asia-Pac, torics and multifocals are key drivers by lens type. Worldwide [indiscernible] -- soft contact lens market in the fourth quarter of 2013 calendar quarter was up 6% in constant currency while CooperVision was up 13%. For the calendar 2013, the soft contact lens market now $7.5 billion worldwide was up 5% in constant currency. CooperVision was up 11% on the strength of Biofinity and Proclear 1 Day and by lens type, torics and multifocals. For the calendar fourth quarter, the market growth was sponsored by 1 Day, now 43% of the soft contact lens revenue dollars worldwide. While industry growth is not currently available on silicone hydrogel material, this trade-up material is most likely the growth driver and we believe silicone hydrogel accounts for about 48% in the soft contact lens revenues worldwide. CooperVision is currently at 47% of silicone hydrogel revenue dollars. Soft contact lens market continues to be a trade up market. This includes the premium products silicone hydrogels, torics and multifocals. The trade up to the 1 Day disposable expands revenue per patient by 400% to 600%. Even more important, the 1 Day wearer generates 300% to 500% more profit. Also it's important to understand that torics and multifocals have a long way to go in terms of capturing the market opportunity, especially outside the United States. Geographically, the Americas divest up 8% in the calendar quarter on the strength of the 1 Day trade up and a strong showing from silicone hydrogel, torics and multifocals. Asia-Pac delivered 6% growth, aided by a strong showing of silicone hydrogel lenses; and in Europe, was up 5% for the same reasons. Looking at CooperSurgical. I want to talk to our franchise. It turned in a slightly positive revenue performance in the quarter. We were pleased with the continued strength of top line growth in fertility, which was up 15% above the prior year. Our fertility business now accounts for 35% of our CSI franchise. With our office in surgical space, we continue to run into industry headwinds caused by the Affordable Care Act or Obamacare, if you will. Having said that, the negative 6% we reported is not truly reflective of that business as we had some orders we typically received in the first quarter get placed in the second quarter. This would have brought our office in surgical sales closer to a flat quarter. For the year, we believe we will see moderate top line growth for CooperSurgical with gross margins similar to last year and operating margins expanding to some operating expense leverage. Overall, CooperSurgical continues to be approximately 20% of our overall local business. Looking at guidance. We continue to increase our earnings per share by raising a lower end and narrowed our revenue guidance initially provided on our year end earnings call. This guidance reflects our successes in the first quarter, including $0.04 benefit of our buying of almost 400,000 of our shares in the open market in the first quarter. MyDay, our new 1 Day silicone hydrogel being rolled out in Europe and in Australia and New Zealand, is marching to plan and we're continuing to expect around $25 million in revenue this fiscal year limited only by capacity constraints. Our strategy, we continue to -- we are continuing with our successful strategy, which I frequently articulated in the past. We believe it's a solid one and it has delivered results. CooperSurgical is putting up solid results and is leveraging its infrastructure. The franchise was built with solid understanding of the value of critical mass in the women's health care market, targeting the OB/GYNs. We follow the professional wherever they go, office, surgery center, hospital or IVF centers. Although the call points are different for each, the leverage is considerable, CooperSurgical's first quarter gross profit percent was 63%, operating margin was 18%. And due to minimal capital requirements, CooperSurgical is a significant contributor to our free cash flow. We are dedicated to this strategy and we'll continue tuck in, in non-U.S. acquisitions to leverage CooperSurgical structure and products. At CooperVision, the strategy is more complex and is much more global in nature. The $7.5 billion soft contact lens industry, because of the uniqueness of our manufacturing platforms, we are the only company that participates with a very broad and very deep product portfolio. Just to crystallize this point. CooperVision aggressively promotes silicone hydrogel and non-silicone hydrogel, which is the Proclear family. CooperVision emphasizes branded and non-branded products, note private label does not mean lower operating margins. Already, we actively promote specialized custom lenses with a high gross profit percent, I might add. We support all modalities. The eye care professional prescribes 1 Day, 2-week and monthly lenses and we support all types of lenses: spheres, torics and multifocals with approximately 30% of our share in the high-growth areas, specialty lens categories: torics and multifocals. It is acknowledged by eye care professionals and we're pretty good at specialty contact lenses. Few eye care professionals would challenge why the success of Biofinity Toric for astigmatism. Put a great design together with a great material and great things can happen. We have seen similar successes for that same reason with Biofinity Multifocal, which first hit the market in the middle of calendar year 2011, almost 3 years ago. On the capacity front, we are capable of delivering considerable more product, where we had then previously supplied constraint. The Biofinity family, Proclear 1 Day and our 1 Day toric, and all -- are all in good capacity shape. Our newest endeavor is now ramping up MyDay, our 1 Day silicone hydrogel. On pricing, we, like the rest of the soft contact lens industry, have a trade-up strategy, our new wares and existing wares are targeted for silicone hydrogel and Proclear family and 1 Day or single-use lenses. Each creates more revenue per patient. A 1 Day modality, for example, results in a 4x to 6x more in revenue per wear. While this strategy sacrifices the gross profit margin, that is percent, it generally creates 3x to 5x more profit per wear. Of course, the strategy competes head-on with the lens care space since we are shifting resources from lens care to contact lenses only. Competing for lens care dollars is more a problem with some of our competitors. In my opinion, we continue to be the most focused company in the industry, lacking many of the distractions that some of the -- of our competitors are now going through. I might add, with Biofinity, Avaira, Proclear and MyDay, we have a lot to talk about with eye care professionals around the globe. As we look down the road over the next several years, we expect to continue improving our operating margins and delivering above-average shareholder returns. We expect to continue to average double-digit earnings per share growth, while investing in geographic expansion and new product development. In today's markets, we have a solid product portfolio to leverage in all modalities, multiple materials, all lens types and we retain our expertise to emphasize customizing lenses for the 10% to 20% of those wearers requiring other than standard lens sizes and/or designs. We have a lot of work to do before we come anywhere close to having exploited our #1 contact [ph] lens family, Biofinity. This is particularly true when it comes to geographic expansion and fully developing the Biofinity family of torics and multifocals around the globe. The same applies to Avaira, where the Avaira sphere was anxiously awaiting the launch of Avaira Toric. This combination has now put us in a much better position to exploit the U.S. 2-week space owned by Johnson & Johnson and to exploit our private label strategy more aggressively with this family. While we already have a pretty respectable gross profit and operating margins, from a cost perspective, we have considerable upside yet to be fully developed. Upsides include the elimination of silicone hydrogel royalty with the expiration of patents, a reduction of our manufacturing cost buy, among other things, improving, molding cycle times, increasing capacity utilization and improving yields in general. Each of these are key goals for us. And as previously mentioned, our expansion plans include a lower cost labor location in Costa Rica that is now being built. This is a multi-year project that will further help us manage down our cost. Also, given the considerable amount of free cash flow we generate, we will continue to look for tuck-in acquisitions and geographic expansion opportunities like Origio in our 2 businesses. The key requirements, however, is that each of the acquisitions must exceed our minimum investment hurdle rates. Each must achieve, over time, a hurdle rate that exceeds 10%. Additionally, the markets for both women's health care and soft contact lenses are much less developed outside the U.S., and we generate a considerable amount of cash offshore to impart to our level of manufacturing outside of the U.S. As such, we will continue to aggressively invest in global expansion opportunities. With over 95% of the people on the planet outside the U.S., we believe we will find opportunities to invest in other countries for decades to come, thereby, sustaining a low effective tax rate indefinitely. And finally, we again, this year, demonstrated we are opportunistically willing to buy in our stock to maximize total shareholder return. In summary, before I turn it over to Greg, let me say how pleased I am with our progress. We continue to outperform the marketplace more than 2x in -- market growth in 2012 and 2013 and almost 2x over the last 5 years. Our market share gains are deep, covering all geographies, modalities, lens types, lens materials and are both branded and private label. Our family of products like Biofinity, Avaira, Proclear, 1 Day and MyDay, as well as fertility and women's health care have very promising continuing growth potential in the United States and throughout the rest of the world. We believe our optimism is with good reason. Because of our solid gross profit percent performance, we have been able to continue investing in geographic expansion, sales force expansion and R&D the past the 5 years. Our improving operating income margins have been cost -- driven, leaving room to invest. Our balance sheet and our free cash flow are strong and we will continue to fund each of these areas, as well as capital expansion North of $200 million. Being a player in the 1 Day soft contact lens market requires commitment to capital. Not everyone will play. Today, this market is over $3 billion and growing double-digit. Given the 4x to 6x trade up of the 1 Day conversion, we are more than willing to trade off our gross profit percent for the added profits per patient of a 1 Day wearer, but we remain committed to our 2018 objective of 25% operating income and related earnings per share growth impact. We remain keenly focused on delivering improving results, mindful of our desire to invest and leverage prudently, thereby, delivering optimized long-term total shareholder returns. I might add, we purchased cumulatively 2.8 million shares of our stock the past 3 years at an average cost of $103. We have done this opportunistically with our strong balance sheet and free cash flow, so our focus is on delivering bottom line total shareholder returns. Lastly, as always, a reminder that at Cooper, our #1 asset is our employees. To them, I express my appreciation for their dedication to creating value and delivering results. And now, I'll turn it over to Greg to cover some of the financial results.
Gregory W. Matz: Thanks, Bob, and good afternoon, everyone. Bob shared with you a pretty thorough review of the market and our revenue picture. Now let me start with gross margins. Looking at gross margins. In Q1, the consolidated GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins were 64.9% compared with 63.3% for GAAP and non-GAAP in Q1 last year. We continue to see strong headwinds year-over-year due to the impact of foreign exchange, predominantly the yen, on our revenue and the related direct impact on gross margins, which had approximately an 80 basis-point impact year-over-year. We are continuing to see an impact to margins for approximately 95 basis points due to MyDay, somewhat equally split between mix, impact and start-up cost. As we discussed in the past, this product will have low to no margins earlier in the year, but will exit the year in a high-single digit margin range, which is normally in a start-up phase where you're building capacity. Helping to offset the headwinds has been favorable product mix, led by the Biofinity family and the CIBA royalty savings, which started in January 2013. At CooperVision, on a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis, we reported a gross margin of 65.4% versus 63.1% for GAAP and non-GAAP in Q1 last year. Factors impacting gross margin in the quarter, as I just mentioned, are the currency headwinds of MyDay, other favorable product mix and the CIBA royalty savings. CooperSurgical had a GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin of 63.1%, which compares to Q1 '13 of 64.1%. Fertility with lower margins will continue to put pressure on our gross margin, as that part of the business continues to become a larger part of their mix. But we still expect CooperSurgical's margins to be around 64% for the year. Now looking at operating expenses. SG&A in the quarter on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis, SG&A expenses increased by approximately 5% from Q1 last year to $158.1 million, and were 39% of revenue, down from 40% in the prior year. SG&A was up less than 1% sequentially. Now looking at R&D. In Q1, R&D increased by approximately 15% year-over-year to $15.7 million, or up $2.1 million. R&D was 3.9% of revenue, up from 3.6% of revenue in Q1 '13 and 3.8% sequentially. We continue to expect R&D to grow faster than sales for fiscal 2014. Depreciation and amortization. In Q1, depreciation was $23.9 million, down $265,000 or 1% year-over-year, and amortization was $7.5 million, up $136,000 or 2% year-over-year, for a total of $31.4 million. Moving to operating margins. For Q1, consolidated GAAP and non-GAAP operating income and margin were $81.6 million and 20.2% of revenue versus $68.8 million and 18.1% of revenue for GAAP and $69.4 million and 18.3% of revenue for non-GAAP in the first quarter last year. This represents almost a 19% increase in operating income over the prior year GAAP numbers. In Q1, CooperVision had GAAP to non-GAAP operating income and margin of $84.1 million and 25.8% of revenue compared, with the GAAP and non-GAAP operating margin in Q1 '13 of 22.3%. This year-over-year improvement comes from a combination of improvement in gross margins and leverage in SG&A. Operating income grew 25.5%. CSI is -- for surgicals, GAAP and non-GAAP operating income and margin were $14.2 million and 18% of revenue, compared to margins of 17.9% for GAAP and 18.7% for non-GAAP in the prior year. Operating income grew approximately 1% year-over-year on a GAAP basis but was down approximately 3.5% on a non-GAAP basis. Interest expense was $1.7 million for the quarter, down 36% year-over-year. As a reminder, included in our Q1 '13 GAAP numbers, under gain on insurance proceeds, is $14.1 million of insurance proceeds for business interruption related to an October 28, 2011 incident in our U.K. facility. In other expenses included in the other income loss categories, approximately $900,000 of FX losses versus roughly $600,000 gain last year. Over the quarter, we experienced relatively sizeable currency moves that resulted in some FX losses associated with our intercompany loan, some of which are in restricted currencies which are difficult and expensive to hedge. We do our best to minimize these types of losses or gains through our balance sheet hedging program, but we do experience fluctuations every quarter so we will always see some gains or losses. And looking at the effective tax rate. In Q1, the GAAP and non-GAAP effective tax rate was 9.1% versus Q1 '13 GAAP effective tax rate of 7.5% and non-GAAP effective tax rate of 9.2%. As we've mentioned before, the effective tax rate continues to be below the U.S. statutory rate. And is earned in foreign jurisdictions with lower taxes. We continue to expect the full year GAAP and non-GAAP effective tax rates to be in the 8.5% to 10.5% range. Looking at earnings per share, our Q1 earnings per share on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis was $1.47 versus $1.50 and $1.23 on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis in Q1 '13, respectively. GAAP EPS is down $0.03 over the prior year, largely due to the $0.28 favorable impact due to the business interruption insurance proceeds, which were shown in 2013 GAAP earnings but excluded from non-GAAP earnings. On a non-GAAP basis, EPS is up $0.24 versus the prior year. During Q1, as Bob mentioned, we repurchased approximately 396,000 shares with an average share value of $126.21 per share for a total cost of $50 million. This leaves the remaining $211.5 million available for future share repurchases under the current approved plan. There was no impact on EPS for Q1 due to our Q1 share repurchases, but we expect a $0.04 impact for the year. Looking at FX. Regarding the foreign exchange, currency continues to have an impact on our business. From a year-over-year perspective for Q1, currency negatively impacted us by $0.14 and this was mainly driven by the yen, which was down 21% year-over-year. At the current FX rate, we now expect an approximate $0.22 negative FX impact on EPS in 2014, with the majority of the remaining impact actually hitting in fiscal Q4. This is reflecting the impact of the strengthening of the pound in our U.K. production cost and the impact to our P&L based on our inventory turns as we've discussed in the past. Net-net though, keep in mind, this currency impact is pretty similar to what we hit when we gave our initial annual guidance in December. For today's guidance, we used rates of 1.38 for euro, 1.03 for the yen and 1.67 for the pound. Looking at balance sheet liquidity. In Q1, we had cash provided by operations of $68.6 million, capital expenditures of $61 million and insurance proceeds of $1.4 million, resulting in $9 million of free cash flow. Total debt increases in the quarter by $1.1 million to $345.7 million. We now have approximately $1 billion of total credit available as of January 31. Inventories are basically flat at $339 million from the last quarter. For the quarter, we're seeing months on hand at 7.2 months, up from months on hand of 7 months last year and 6.9 months last quarter. Accounts receivable continues to be well-managed with DSOs at 53 days. Same as the prior quarter and down from 58 days last year. Looking at guidance for the remainder of the year. Bob mentioned that we raised the bottom of the revenue range by $10 million and dropped the top of the range by a similar amounts. The full year revenue range for the company is now $1.685 billion to $1.725 billion. CooperVision's revenue range is $1.365 billion to $1.395 billion. Finally, CSI's revenue range is $320 million to $330 million. Regarding earnings per share guidance, we raised the bottom of our earnings slightly and both GAAP and non-GAAP is now $6.75 to $7. Quickly covering our annual guidance, there are no changes from December. Gross margin percent still expected to be around 65%. OpEx, we're still expecting around 43%. Operating margin around 22% and the effective tax rate in the range of 8.5% to 10.5%. We are expecting the share count to be around 49.5 million shares. In addition, free cash flow and CapEx are still expected to be greater than $200 million. With that, let me turn it back to Elizabeth for the Q&A session.
Elizabeth Bremner: Operator, we'll now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Jeff Johnson from Robert W. Baird.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: So let me ask 2 quick questions here. One's about -- on competition. A lot of noise out there over the last couple of months on competition, some of us think it's maybe somewhat normal, maybe a little bit higher than normal here, but nothing too egregious. Others maybe thinking it's a bigger year on the competitive front. I would like your take, just not necessarily asking which competitors or anything specific like that, but just how you view the competitive environment going into 2014? And then also on the daily business, just on your daily disposable business, if I back out an assumption on MyDay of a few -- $3 million to $5 million or so, it looks like the rest of your daily business may be growing mid-, slightly above mid-single digits. So is that a sign that MyDay is cannibalizing your Dailies business or just how should we think about MyDay being incremental versus cannibalizing some of your current Daily business?
Robert S. Weiss: Well, as far as competition, the concern, I would say, it's, in 2014, looks to be as active as the past. I would say noticeably more or less. We had a lot of good products come out with some of our competitors over the last 5, 6 years and I would speculate the only thing that shifts is who's making the most noise in a given year, and clearly, we have kind of a new entrant, if you will, in the U.S., but one that's been around for really 20 years in Europe. And there's a couple of these products from companies that have been less active in the last 10 years. When you put it all together, I know that it noticeably changes much other than maybe the market upticks a little bit more because I think we're all getting a little better at the trade-up strategy to 1 Day and now, it's the silicone hydrogel 1 Days, which is seen even a bigger trade-up. As far as cannibalization with MyDay, we kind of looked at that, thought about it and we know where the majority of -- by far the majority of the revenue is coming from new fits and competitive products. So very little by way of cannibalization occurring.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Block with Stifel.
Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: It's a little bit of a similar but different question if there is such a thing on Dailies. I was going to ask, in the U.S., Bob, if you feel like the Proclear 1 Days may face, if you can just sort of walk us through, if they may face some modest headwinds over the next several quarters until MyDay is out there. In other words, are you seeing some of the Proclear 1 Days move to a competitive U.S. sight high [ph] lens only because you guys don't have MyDay in the market yet? And then I've got a quick follow-up, if you would.
Robert S. Weiss: Yes, I think the niche -- it's still a niche market in the U.S. with TruEye and Total1 and they're at the high end, not where one would expect to find Moist and Proclear 1 Day. Proclear 1 Day, I would say, is more at the top end -- let's say at kind of a spot-on location of Moist and then MyDay would be -- which is not relative to the U.S. market but be more nipping at the top end of the Moist. If we kind of divided that pie in half, the top end, top half of the pie. So no, I don't think there's much of an impact at this juncture with 1 Day silicone hydrogels in the U.S. market on Proclear 1 Day.
Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. Okay and then just as a quick follow-up, you mentioned MyDay and feeling good or maybe a little bit better on the manufacturing side. And can you maybe give us a little bit more detail there? In other words, is that specific to your ability to ramp manufacturing capacity or is it the thought that maybe you're doing something better on the cost side of things in that high-single digit gross margin exiting '14 might inch up? Any kind detail you can give on MyDay manufacturing would be great.
Robert S. Weiss: Yes. The rollout of MyDay in 2014, 2015 is totally capacity-driven and that's what capped us off at $25 million in terms of that expectation in 2014 and we're still feeling very good about that number, mainly because it looks like we will be able to deliver on supply side enough to deliver that revenue number and maybe a small bit more, but not enough to take to the bank. So all is going well on the capacity roll-out front. On the yield curve, we talk about entering the year, the first half being in the low singles, and the second half being the upper singles, and then moving into the teens next year. That all is looking very promising. Timeline's getting equipment in, getting it production-quality as we [indiscernible] is going on schedule and the yield learning curve is on schedule and maybe slightly better. So there in our -- my little comment about being maybe a little ahead even on the manufacturing side, which would be good news.
Operator: And our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen of Wells Fargo.
Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Guys, just 2 for me. On MyDay, can you give us any sense of what you think 2015 will look like beyond the $25 million in 2014? I'm just trying to understand if you think you'll have a significant additional capacity by fiscal 2015 if we should assume a ramp? And secondly, we have heard that the weather did have an impact in January and February on the U.S. contact lens market. Can you give us any color around what you're seeing in January and February?
Robert S. Weiss: First, Tom, on the question on MyDay ramp-up rollout in 2015. We expect to be able to triple our 2014 number, meaning 25, going up to around 75. Once again capacity limited, but that's a function of number of lines coming on board. And with that, we would then of course enter the U.S. market beyond just in 2014. As you see, the product in the U.S. will be mainly with key opinion leaders, just a handful of them, not much more than that. So it's still restricted to mainly Europe and, to a lesser extent, New Zealand and Australia. As far as the weather, the weather we kind of monitored. I'm sure you're -- -- you're right, we've certainly have heard some limitations caused by the weather and we certainly know, watching the news, that a lot of shops weren't open in the Southeast when Atlanta got shut down a few days, and then it go it again. So there's no doubt that took a modest impact on the contact lenses space, as well as our revenues. Having said that, our numbers were robust enough. I don't think we're really saw the impact of those impact our P&L. So therein we didn't make much of a statement about it.
Operator: The next question comes from Larry Keusch with Raymond James.
Lawrence S. Keusch - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I guess 2 here. First one, Bob, again just coming back to MyDay. When you went to the change in the manufacturing to go to the higher powers, as you did in the fourth quarter, you sort of went negative margins. I just wanted to confirm that you're back positive margins on the production here. And then secondly, you showed really nice leverage on the SG&A line, certainly growing substantially less than the top line. And I just wanted to get a sense of what's driving that and how sustainable that this through the year.
Robert S. Weiss: On the first comment on the gross margin of MyDay is -- has moved into that low single-digits or single-digit arena, aside from the fact that when we did take lines down and ramped them back up, the second lines for example, as we called it, the galactic line, there was idle equipment during that period of time, so there is a charge in the P&L. In addition, let's say, if you were to overlay that into MyDay, MyDay would have a net loss on the gross margin line when considering idle equipment and start-up cost on the second line. When we look to the line-making product and selling product, we are in that single-digit arena. On the SG&A commentary, yes, we're getting some leverage albeit modestly so in terms of ramping up. Greg, I'll kind of defer, if you want to add anything to that.
Gregory W. Matz: I think the only thing I would add is that we're aware that as our gross margin improvement has slowed, that we've been talking for the last year that we need to get that in SG&A, and there are focused efforts to look and be mindful of SG&A. So I think we're seeing some of that work.
Operator: The next question comes from Anthony Petrone with Jefferies Group.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Just going back to MyDay as well and maybe just to revisit margins there for a bit. Understanding that margins on the product are in that low single-digit range but sort of as you look out and we look into the next 2, 3 years, can you just give maybe a feel of where margins can go on that product over time and sort of when do you see that product eventually becoming margin-accretive to the business?
Robert S. Weiss: My expectation is that this is a 3-year rollout of investing first year in Europe, 2014; second year in the U.S., 2015; and the third year in Japan and Asia, 2016. During the period of time, margins will move from single-digit this year into the teens, upper teens next year. The normalized margins, I would expect, post-year 3 and then you'll get in to the 40s, and ultimately, we should get in around that 50% neighborhood on gross margins. Operating margins as we get into year 4, by then you start getting a more normalized operating margin contribution from the 1 Day modality, which still should be in the -- some place in the 20s. But the long-term objective, if we look at the model to 2018, and we have 25% operating margins, the success of the 1 Day strategy should not result in any undue push on the operating margin to 25%. However, we'll certainly influence the gross profit percent and its related mix.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Just a quick follow-up there. Does that CIBA royalty, I mean how much does the CIBA royalty run off by the end -- by 2016 in total to the business, sort of play into those figures?
Robert S. Weiss: Well, what we've said on the CIBA royalty runoff is that it's going to certainly be part of the equation going from 21% last year to 25% in 2018. We're going to take some of that and spend it on certain areas, R&D and geographic expansion. But that we, between leveraging the P&L, a favorable shift on the continuing growth of Biofinity, which is a very high gross margin, and will help to keep our gross margins reasonable in this 5-year period, that we have enough strings to pull in terms of operating expense leverage to get to the 25%. The other variable, you have the royalty is one, you have the runoff of the 10-year anniversary of the Ocular acquisition where amortization drops off as a favorable tailwind. And then you also have some depreciation on the initial equivalent we got with the Ocular acquisition, which is now going to anniversary at 10 years also. So not only amortization, but also depreciation on the first line of equipment. Having said that, we're spending a lot of money on capital equipment, so don't expect to see depreciation in total go down, it will go up as we shift into that 1 Day modality. Net-net, we're -- the royalty is a contributor to that 25% objective.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company: Actually just two quick ones for you. So I know last quarter, there was some destocking that was a bit of a headwind. Just wondering if you -- there was any restocking this quarter. And then secondly, I saw on the press release when you guys were talking about cash flow, there was about a $1.4 million insurance recovery. And I was just wondering if that impacted the income statement as well anywhere. And if so, where?
Robert S. Weiss: I'll let Greg answer the second one. But on the first one, the discussion on the -- I'm sorry, distributors at the end of the fourth quarter, no, there was not a rebuild of inventory so they have the same level in terms of stocking levels essentially that they had at the end of the fiscal year, there was no build during the quarter. On the insurance, the $4 million?
Gregory W. Matz: Yes, it was like $1.4 million. That is -- no P&L impact, that's all balance sheet. It was reimbursement for a damaged equipment in that October 2011 U.K. issue where the fire suppression system malfunctioned.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company: And so you already got that back? Because I thought maybe a year ago, you got some of that got back and it positively impacted the GAAP number.
Gregory W. Matz: Yes. The difference was the business interruption insurance. So business interruption insurance hit the P&L on a GAAP basis, and you saw that last year. In fact, in Q1, it was $14.1 million. The reimbursement for the equipment that was damaged, that always went through the balance sheet and there was no P&L impact.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt O'Brien with William Blair.
Kaila Krum: This is Kaila in for Matt. You talked a lot about Biofinity as a growth driver. And so we just wanted to get a better sense and update on the opportunity there as you see it? And particularly in the U.S. with the new competitive launch in the monthly space, I know you touched on the competitive dynamic a bit, but just how you anticipate that will impact your presence here?
Robert S. Weiss: Well, Biofinity has been doing well in the U.S. and throughout the rest of the world. And in this last quarter, it add growth, I want to say, in around 20%, 28% or 24% it was right up there, if you will.
Gregory W. Matz: 28%.
Robert S. Weiss: 28% constant currency worldwide. Relative to the launch of a monthly fear in the U.S. market, I don't anticipate that we'll see much of a volume, if you will, of that product in 2014. Partly, it's undoubtedly supply limitations on just very much like we have on MyDay where, if you only have 1 line running, it's going to be hard to make a lot of product and your limitations are there. I think the second issue there is, I think there'll be a lot of cannibalization of that product with their franchise products in the same space and that will evolve. And then thirdly, complete lines having a toric and a multifocal, as well as a -- Sphere is an important factor in the monthly modality. Let's just -- on the 1 Day modality, in case you were kind of cherry picking, if you will, but in the monthly space, very important to have the halo effect. And they still don't have that product finalized, let alone in production. So for 2014, maybe into -- close to 2015, I don't think it's a big deal. I'm not convinced from things I've heard from the competitor that's all the money they need to on capital, let alone if they're going to do a two-pronged approach in the monthly, as well as on the daily product group. So I'm not too -- losing too much sleep about it.
Kaila Krum: That makes sense. And then we also just wanted to focus in on the toric result. I know that over the last several quarters, growth in that business has been in the single digits. And it looks to have accelerated this quarter off of a more difficult comparison. We're just curious if there's anything in particular, that's driving that uptick beyond just continued strength in the market?
Robert S. Weiss: No. Torics is doing good particularly outside the U.S. and particularly some of our 1 Day torics has done very well and our Biofinity in Japan as we kind of roll out toric into -- or Biofinity and torics into new areas. So the rest of the world is playing catch-up and I would expect that the toric modality and the multifocal modality are, as a market, doing very well, and we continue to gain share in both of those markets. As far as the one impact in the fourth quarter, we, of course, had a fair amount of Biofinity that went into that authorized distributor, and so that had some impact on the Biofinity family, which would include, to a lesser extent, some torics in that equation. But that would be -- I don't think there's anything unusual year-over-year in terms of our comps on that.
Operator: And our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch with BMO Capital Markets.
Joanne K. Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Can we spend a minute on CSI, please? This business used to be sort a mid-single digit revenue grower with much higher margins. What brings it back?
Robert S. Weiss: One more time, what's your question?
Joanne K. Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Question is about the CSI business. It has to do with the slowdown in the revenue growth rate, as well as the compression in the margins. You touched upon it a little bit in the introduction, but I'm trying to understand what if anything can bring this back?
Robert S. Weiss: Oh, okay. I think what can bring it back is you have a settling in with the cloud of the Affordable Care Act and Obamacare. So there's a lot of -- 2 dynamics going on. One is that Act, one is consolidation within the profession of the OB/GYN, meaning more women coming into the profession, more men leaving. The older demographic was men that are retiring. The newer demographic, women coming into the profession. They are more inclined to go into group practices. Therefore, if you needed one of a product for each office you need, there are less office fronts, if you will. I think most of that will have leveled out. I think the Affordable Care Act is going to translate to more companies that have one product and do not have critical mass and cannot deal with buying groups, leaving the marketplace and being gobbled up. So I would anticipate a new round of buying opportunities over the next 10 years caused by the Affordable Care Act and the related effects of it. We are in prime positions to be in front of buying groups and large hospitals making a decision for the main hospital, as well as -- the main campus, as well as all the satellite locations. So I do think that will bring it back. One of the important things for Cooper, and part of that model is refreshing. And quite frankly, we'd had some misses on the check the box on refreshing the portfolio, with some new acquisitions over the last 2 years. It's not because we haven't been kicking tires. We just didn't land the right one yet. But we are certainly active in the area of looking and seeing what opportunities come out of the Obamacare environment, if you will. And I would suggest there will be some. So I do think that will bring it back. We are very leverage-able in that model, as it stands.
Joanne K. Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. As a follow-up, gross margins came in almost at 65% in the first quarter. Your guidance is still 65% for the year, improving MyDay margins should dictate that you have leveraged throughout the year. Is this just a touch of conservatism as you discuss that?
Robert S. Weiss: For that one, I'd take Greg. But I think the pound was the factor in it.
Gregory W. Matz: Yes, one of the things that we're going to see especially the third and fourth quarters, we'll start to see the impact of the pound, the fact that it's been strengthening and 40% of our production happen in U.K., as we've mentioned in the past. And so that will have -- that will put some headwinds on our gross margin in the second half.
Operator: And we have no other questions in the queue, so I'll hand it back to Bob for any closing remarks.
Robert S. Weiss: Well, I want to thank you for all -- joining us on our first call for the new fiscal year. I look forward to updating you on MyDay and other developments for the second quarter on our call that I think it's going to be the 5th of June, if my calendar is correct on a Thursday. So we look forward to updating you at that point in time. And with that, I'll conclude.
Operator: Thanks, everyone, for your time and your participation. You may now disconnect, and enjoy the rest of your week.

===== 2013 Q4  (2013-12-05 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Kim Duncan - Senior Director of Investor Relations Robert S. Weiss - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Science & Technology Committee Gregory W. Matz - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President
Analysts: Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company Kimberly Weeks Gailun - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Kaila Krum Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Joanne K. Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2013 The Cooper Companies Earnings Conference Call. My name is Philip, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Ms. Kim Duncan, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed, ma'am.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon, and welcome to The Cooper Companies' Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2013 Earnings Conference Call. I'm Kim Duncan, Senior Director of Investor Relations. And joining me on today's call are Bob Weiss, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Matz, Chief Financial Officer; and Al White, Chief Strategy Officer. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market conditions and integration of any acquisitions. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward-Looking Statements in today's earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including the business section of Cooper's annual report on Form 10-K. These are publicly available and on request from the company's Investor Relations department. Now before I turn the call over to Bob, let me comment on the agenda for the call. Bob will begin by providing highlights on the quarter, followed by Greg, who will then discuss the fourth quarter and full year financial results. We will keep the formal presentation to roughly 30 minutes, and then open up the call for questions. We expect the call to last approximately 1 hour. [Operator Instructions] Should you have any additional questions, please call our Investor line at (925) 460-3663 or email ir@cooperco.com. As a reminder, this call is being webcast and a copy of the earnings release is available through the Investor Relations section of The Cooper Companies' website. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Bob for his opening remarks.
Robert S. Weiss: Thank you, Kim, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to our fiscal fourth quarter and our fiscal year 2013 conference call. Let me start by saying I'm very proud of the fiscal year and our accomplishments highlighted, our revenue growth of 10%, our non-GAAP earnings per share growth of 15%. Having said that, I know many of you are looking at our fourth quarter results versus our guidance. And I want to immediately provide some color on that. Let me start with revenue. As you will have noted on our earnings release, our consolidated revenue growth was significantly impacted by our CooperVision Americas growth of only 2%. This came in around 7% wider than we were expecting and it was driven by one key item, channel inventory. This came in $7 million lighter than we were expecting and it was driven by one key item, channel inventory. User demand has remained strong and we've seen no negative signals on that front. However, the largest 2 U.S. distributors merged and their efforts to consolidate operations and reduce inventory impacted us significantly in the month of October. This flows into gross margin as a larger portion of the lost sales would have been Biofinity to carry gross margin over 70%. On a positive note, CooperVision Americas revenue in November was up 18%, so we are beyond the year-end reduction in channel inventory, and we're entering fiscal 2014 off to a good base. Next, let me provide some additional color on gross margins. Cost of goods came in around $6 million higher-than-anticipated. The biggest reason for this was changes regarding the manufacturing of MyDay, our daily silicone hydrogel lens. We made a couple of important strategic moves at the end of our fiscal year to accelerate manufacturing and expand our parameter range. This was done to capitalize on the success we're seeing with the MyDay in the market place. Unfortunately, there isn't accounting yet, with these moves and MyDay was produced at a negative gross margin in the fourth quarter. We've done this with many products over the years, and as volume increases and as we bring on additional lines, we see these costs decrease. It's very important to note that our manufacturing process for MyDay and our ramp-up of MyDay production is ahead of schedule, and there's no manufacturing surprises. The fact is that demand for MyDay is very strong and accelerating in the manufacturing process for margins. This is absolutely the right strategic move and we're confident it will pay off in fiscal 2015 and beyond. Also with respect to 2014, we're comfortable we've captured the impact of the MyDay in our guidance. For competitive reasons, I don't want to get into too many details, but I do believe we'll have sales of MyDay of roughly $25 million for fiscal year 2014. Margins will start the year very low, if not negative, but we should finish the year with margins in the upper single digits. Combining these 2 items, the channel inventory reduction and the higher cost of goods, resulted in a negative impact on gross margins of approximately 175 basis points from where we were when we gave guidance in September. Lastly, with respect to the fourth quarter, let me touch upon SG&A over the last couple of months of the quarter, which came in roughly $5 million higher than we originally forecast. Again, the largest part of this was tied to our success with MyDay. MyDay has been received extremely well and recently won an award for the best contact lens product at the prestigious SILMO global optical show in Paris in late September. Based on that, we made the decision to be more aggressive launching the product in Europe. I believe this was the right decision and we'll remain aggressive marketing this product going forward. Totaling the 3 items, the channel inventory reduction, the high cost of goods and the higher SG&A cost, earnings per share was negatively impacted by roughly $0.30 at the end of the fourth quarter. Let me say I'm not concerned about the end user demand and we believe we are beyond the channel inventory issue. I'm also not concerned about the production of MyDay or the demand for this product. I will discuss later -- as I'll discuss later, MyDay will have a significant impact on our P&L in coming years as it's a reduction of gross margins, not a driver of top and bottom line growth. And we believe it is absolutely a positive for our business. Now let me spend some more time on the revenue line. Our sales are a tale of 2 cities and overall strong quarter for CVI and CSI in a very weak October in CooperVision Americas. As I mentioned, the Americas weakness was due to the channel inventory matter, asset distributors and it negatively impacted revenues by $7 million. At the end of the day, though, end-user demand remains strong throughout the world with all of the CVI regions and core products posting solid results. This is clearly seen in the market data for calendar year Q3, but we grew 10% almost twice in the market. Additionally, in spite of the U.S. distributor issue in October, our sales in silicone hydrogel continue to drive our market share gains. Silicone hydrogel sales were up 19% in the quarter in constant currency and now represent 45% of CVI's revenues. The key driver continues to be Biofinity, on a global basis with strong contributions from all modalities, as well as all lens type spheres, torics and multifocals. In Japan, our rollout of Biofinity continues to go extremely well with sales up 2x the prior year. 2x. Avaira had a decent quarter growing 8%, and as mentioned, MyDay rollout is very strong, constrained only by our capacity issues. Also, our Proclear 1 Day product continues to gain share with revenues up 19% in constant currency. Once again, I'm happy to say we believe we are gaining share across the board in all regions, all modalities, all lens types, spheres, torics and multifocals and materials, be it silicone hydrogel or traditional hydrogel lenses. This demonstrates the breadth of our product portfolio. Within CooperSurgical, I'm pleased to report sales growth of 8% led to our -- led by our IVF franchise, which grew 24%. Stock geographically. Foreign exchange headwinds continue reducing CooperVision revenue 3% in the quarter. Excluding foreign exchange, CooperVision growth was 6% in the fiscal quarter. Last year, the euro was down 7%. This year, the yen was down 19% in the fiscal year and 25% in the fourth quarter compared to the prior year. With $200 million of revenue in Japan, this is not only impacting our revenue, but it's also negatively impacting our gross margin, as well as our operating income and our bottom line. Even with the major -- this major nuisance on the strength of the product lines we are putting up some solid numbers. From a revenue perspective regionally, we have put up solid constant currency growth except for the Americas, which was impacted in October by the 16% decline in days in inventory at authorized distributors. Regionally, the Americas is up 2% in the fourth quarter in constant currency; Europe, 8%; Asia-Pac, 11%; and worldwide, 6% in constant currency. Our growth drivers are: In the Americas, trading up to Biofinity, including the halo effect of Biofinity; multifocal with the entire family doing well; also while off of a smaller base Proclear 1 Day, sphere and multifocal is a key contributor. In Europe, right now, currency is helping offset some of the yen, driving our 8% constant currency growth in this region is the entre -- the entire Biofinity family and the 1 Days, including MyDay. In Asia-Pac, while foreign exchange took its toll on revenues, our constant currency revenues were up 11%, 12%, excluding Aime. Drivers, the tremendous success of the Biofinity family, especially with the halo effect of Biofinity toric and the Proclear 1 Day. Let's talk a little bit about the marketplace. The worldwide soft contact lens markets. In the third calendar quarter, 2013 was up 6% in constant currency. While CooperVision was up 10%. For the trailing 12 months ended September 30, the soft contact lens market now at $7.4 billion worldwide was up 5% in constant currency. CooperVision was up 10% on the strength of Biofinity and Proclear 1 Day. For the calendar quarter, the market growth was sponsored by 1 Day growth, which is up over 10%. While industry growth data is no longer available on silicone hydrogel material, most likely this trade up of material remains a solid growth driver. CooperVision was up 23% in constant currency in the calendar quarter, third quarter of 2013. And at CooperVision, silicone hydrogel now represents 45% of our revenues. The soft contact lens market continues to be a trade-up market. This includes premium products silicone hydrogel, lenses, torics and multifocals. The trade up to 1 Day disposable expands patient revenue by 400% to 600%. Even more important, the 1 Day wearer generates 300% to 500% more profit per patient. Also, it's important to understand that torics and multifocals have a long way to go in capturing the market opportunity, especially outside the United States. Geographically, the Americas did best, up 7% in the calendar quarter on the strength of the 1 Day trade up. Asia-Pac, 6% on the strength of a 10% growth, excluding Japan; and in Europe, it was up 4% also on the strength of the 1 Day trade up. CooperSurgical, our women's health care franchise turned in a solid $84.8 million in revenue, up 8% with the prior year fourth quarter. On the strength of a $29 million contribution from fertility, which accounts for 34% of CooperSurgical and was up 24% above the prior year. I'll talk briefly about guidance. We have now provided more color on what we think fiscal year 2014 will bring. We remain bullish about top line growth and gaining market share. We expect upper single-digit top line growth with CooperVision growing close to double digits in constant currency and continuing to outpace the market. Our assumption is that the soft contact lens market will continue to grow in that 4% to 6% range. Between Biofinity, Proclear 1 Day, and now, MyDay, we have the products to address the growth areas of the global soft contact lens market. On the profit side, we will have a few ongoing challenges. Clearly, the yen will stay a headwind at least through the first 6 months of the fiscal year with the prior year comps for the yen being 85 in the first quarter last year and 95 in the second quarter. The other muddying factors will be the ongoing expense of the MyDay rollout and the numerous capital expansion programs we are in the middle of. Also, geographic expansion will continue on several fronts. Even so, we remain optimistic that Biofinity will continue to deliver good top line, gross margin percent and operating profit to fund many of our ventures. The net results is we expect to deliver very respectable growth in non-GAAP earnings per share in the 13% to 18% range or the $6.70 to $7 in our guidance in the fiscal year 2014. 2014 will be another year of heavy commercial -- heavy commitments to capital expenditures. We expect capital expenditures will exceed $200 million. Even so, we again except to deliver in excess of $200 million of free cash flow. One more point before I leave guidance. I, for several years, have been very clear and very deliberate about saying we will forgo our greatly improve gross profit percent for the trading up to the 1 Day modality. That is expected to deliver 400% to 600% more in top line revenue per patient. And longer-term, 300% to 500% more profit per patient. This will come at the expense of the lens care industry. We remain committed to the strategy into our 2018 objective of a 25% operating income margin. Other contributions in the 2014 to 2018 period include the rolloff of the CIBA royalty, the elimination of the 10-year amortization period on the Ocular Sciences acquisition in January 2005, it roll offs in 2015, the beginning of the expiration of depreciation on many of the Gen II lines that came with the Ocular acquisition and additionally, the expiration we will begin -- and additionally, the expectation that we will begin leveraging some of the investments we've been making in global sales and marketing and R&D the past 6 years. All in all, we believe a 25% operating income target for 2013 is achievable. One thing I have historically put much color -- not put much color on is how we have done the first month following the quarter. Breaking with tradition, given my earlier comments about the 16% shrinkage in the U.S. authorized distributor pipeline, I thought I would add some color. In November, CooperVision's revenues were up 5% as reported but up 12% in constant currency excluding Aime. The Americas were up 18%. These November results have been factored into our fiscal year 2014 guidance. Enough on guidance and outlook. Today, I'm going to skip some of the traditional comments on strategy to allow a bit more time to have Greg review the financials and for questions-and-answers. So in summary, before I turn it over to Greg, let me say how pleased I am -- I remain with our results. We continue to outperform the marketplace, most recently growing in the neighborhood of 2x the market for soft contact lenses. Our family of products: Biofinity, Avaira, Proclear 1 Day and MyDay and in the women's health care fertility all have promising growth potential in the global marketplace. We have continued to invest in global expansion and are making good progress in many of these markets. Our balance sheet and our free cash flow are strong, and we'll fund our global expansion plans as we aggressively move into the 1 Day market, which accounts for over 40% or $3 billion of the $7.4 billion soft contact lens market worldwide. While we are more than willing to trade off our gross profit for 1 Day top line, we will do this in a manner that increases our operating income margins and earnings per share. We remain keenly focused on delivering improving results, mindful of our desire to invest and leverage prudently, thereby, delivering optimized, long-term total shareholder returns. I might add, we purchased almost 1 million shares of our stock in the fiscal fourth quarter, and will continue to do this if we believe it makes sense. Lastly, as always, a reminder that at Cooper, our #1 asset is our employees. I wish to continue to express my appreciation for their dedication to creating great results. And now, I'll turn it over to Greg to cover more of the financial highlights.
Gregory W. Matz: Thanks, Bob, and good afternoon, everyone. Bob shared with you a pretty through review of the market and our revenue picture. Bob also gave you the highlights of our Q4 gross margin and earnings per share versus our expectations we had shared in guidance on September 5. Let me start with gross margins looking at the full fiscal Q4 '13 versus Q4 '12. In Q4, the consolidated GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins were 64.1% compared with 63.8% for GAAP and non-GAAP in Q4 last year. We continue to see strong headwinds year-over-year due to the impact of foreign exchange, predominantly the yen, on our revenue and the related direct impact on gross margins, which had approximately a 95-basis-point impact year-over-year. We're seeing a large impact to margins of approximately 70 basis points due to MyDay and a combination of mix and start-up costs. As we discussed in the past, we've been fluctuating between low and no margins on this product, which is normal in the start-up phase where you're building capacity. Helping to offset the headwind has been favorable product mix, excluding the impact of MyDay and the CIBA royalty savings. On a full fiscal year basis, we finished at 64.7%, up 80 basis points from the prior year. CooperVision, on a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis, reported gross margin of 64% versus 63.7% for GAAP and non-GAAP in Q4 last year. Factors impacting gross margin in the quarter, as I mentioned, are the currency headwinds, MyDay and the CIBA royalty savings. For the full year, gross margins went from 63.4% in 2012 to 64.8% in 2013. CooperSurgical had a GAAP and a non-GAAP gross margin of 64.3%, which compares to Q4 '12 of 64.1%. Fertility with lower margins will continue to put pressure on our gross margin, but we still expect CooperSurgical's margin to be modestly higher in fiscal 2014. For the full year, CooperSurgical's margin went from 66.4% in 2012 to 64.2%, 2013. The reduction was largely due to the purchase of Origio in July 2012, which expanded our presence in the IVF space. Now looking at operating expenses. SG&A in the quarter on a GAAP basis, SG&A expenses increased by 3% from Q4 last year to $157.2 million, and were 38% of revenue, same as the prior year. On a non-GAAP basis, SG&A grew 4% year-over-year. Now the difference is that GAAP SG&A for Q4 '12 included $800k of Origio integration costs. As Bob previously mentioned, during this past quarter, we did experience higher selling and marketing expenses than planned as we ramp some of our product launch efforts for MyDay in Europe. On a sequential basis, SG&A was up 3%. As we discussed in the past, CooperSurgical is impacted by the medical device excise tax. We had 736k of medical device excise tax in the quarter hit SG&A. We had a total of about $2.4 million hit in 2013, but we would expect to see around $3 million for this tax in 2014. Now looking at R&D. In Q4, R&D increased by approximately 12% year-over-year to $15.8 million, or up $1.7 million. R&D was 3.8% of revenue, up from 3.6% in Q4 '12. We expect R&D will continue to grow faster than sales in fiscal 2014. Depreciation and amortization. In Q4, depreciation was $24.1 million, up 560k or 2% year-over-year, and amortization was $7.7 million, up approximately 400k or 5% year-over-year for a total of $31.8 million. For the year, depreciation and amortization were $95.1 million and $30.2 million, respectively, for a total of $125.3 million. On October 31 this year, we completed a transaction to sell Aime, our rigid gas permeable contact lens and solution business in Japan, to Nippon Contact Lens Inc. The business was originally obtained as part of the December 2010 acquisition, which included obtaining the rights to market Biofinity in Japan. The divestiture is consistent with CooperVision's strategy to focus on its core soft contact lens business. The company recognized a fourth quarter GAAP charge to earnings under the line of loss on divestiture of Aime in the amount of $21.1 million. This will have a GAAP EPS impact of $0.28 for the quarter and $0.26 for 2013. Going forward, this is expected to be neutral to earnings per share. Moving to operating margins. For Q4, solid consolidated GAAP operating income and margin were $62 million and 15.1% of revenue versus $79 million and 19.9% of revenue in Q4 '12. On a non-GAAP basis, operating income and margin were $83.1 million and 20.2% of revenue versus $79.8 million and 20.1% for non-GAAP in Q4 '12. This represents a 4% increase in operating income over Q4 '12 non-GAAP numbers. The difference in the current year between GAAP and non-GAAP operating income is the $21.1 million Aime charge. For the full year, GAAP operating income and margin were $305.9 million and 19.3% of revenue, up 8% in operating income, down 30 basis points on the margin. On a non-GAAP basis for the full year, operating income and margin were $327.6 million or 20.6% of revenue, up 13.7% and up 70 basis points on the margin, respectively. Interest expense was $1.9 million for the quarter, down 30% year-over-year. In looking at the effective tax rate. In Q4, the GAAP and non-GAAP effective tax rates were 6.2% and 10.3%, respectively, versus Q4 '12 GAAP and non-GAAP effective tax rate of 12.7% and 13%, respectively. As we've discussed before, the effective tax rate continues to be below the U.S. statutory rate, as a majority of our income is earned in foreign jurisdictions with lower tax rates. The full year GAAP and non-GAAP effective tax rate were 4.9% and 7.4%, respectively, versus 2012 rates of 9.7% for both GAAP and non-GAAP. Looking at earnings per share. Our Q4 earnings per share on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis was $1.15 and $1.48, respectively, versus $1.46 and $1.47 on a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis in Q4 '12. Earnings per share is down 21% on a GAAP basis, largely due to the $0.28 charge for Aime in the current quarter and the $0.10 benefit in Q4 '12 from insurance proceeds. On a non-GAAP basis, EPS is up 1% or $0.01 versus the prior year. In Q4 '12, the non-GAAP earnings also benefited from the $0.10 favorable impact of insurance proceeds. As Bob discussed, our Q4 earnings per share was impacted negatively by U.S. distributor inventory reductions and certain items in cost of goods sold and operating expenses led by decisions to support our MyDay product. For the full year, our earnings per share on a GAAP to non-GAAP basis was $5.96 and $5.95, respectively, which is a growth of 18% and 15.3% GAAP and non-GAAP, respectively. During Q4, we repurchased approximately 960,000 shares with an average share value of $128 per share for a total cost of $123 million. This makes a total shares repurchased during 2013 approximately 1,421,000 shares, at a total cost of $167.3 million or $117.78 per share. This leads the remaining $61.6 million available for future share repurchases under the current approved program. The earnings per share impact of our 2013 share repurchases is $0.01 in Q4 and $0.05 for the full year. Regarding foreign exchange, currency continues to have a big impact on our business. From a year-over-year perspective, currency negatively impacted us by $0.12. And this was mainly driven by the yen, which is down 25% year-over-year. For the full year, we saw a $0.50 EPS impact due to currency. At the current FX rate, we'd expect an approximate $0.21 negative FX impact in EPS next year, which is baked into our guidance. For our 2014 guidance, we use today's rates of roughly 1.36 for the euro, 102 for the yen and 1.64 for the pound. Looking at balance sheet and liquidity items real quickly in Q4, we had cash provided by operations of $150.3 million, capital expenditures of $72 million, resulting in a $78.3 million of free cash flow. For the year, our free cash flow was $239.4 million. CapEx for the year was $178.1 million. On September 16, we announced the company closed a $300 million, 5-year senior unsecured term loan, which matures September 12, 2018. We use the facility to pay down borrowings under our $1 billion senior unsecured revolving line of credit, which matures May 31, 2017. This term loan provides additional financial flexibility through an improved maturity structure, additional capacity and lower interest rates. Total debt increased within the quarter by $101 million to $344.7 million due to $123 million of share repurchases. This leaves us with approximately $1 billion of total credit available at October 31. Inventories were basically flat at $339 million from last quarter. For the quarter, we're seeing months on hand at 6.9 months, up from a months on hand, 6.7 months last year and down from 7.1 months last quarter. Accounts receivable continues to be well managed with DSOs at 53 days, down slightly from 54 days last year, and the same as the end of last quarter. Now turning to guidance. In order to provide a little bit more color for your models, let me share some additional specifics on our guidance. Revenue range for the company is $1.675 billion to $1.735 billion. CooperVision's revenue range is $1.355 billion to $1.395 billion. And finally, CooperSurgical's revenue range is $320 million to $340 million. We expect non-GAAP gross margin to be around 65% for the year, and slightly less than the first half as we make progress on the MyDay ramp-up, specifically around reengineering current equipment for MyDay. We continue to expect efficiencies in manufacturing process, positive impact due to Biofinity, offset by MyDay and currency, especially the pound impact on manufacturing as we look at rates up into the 1.64 range. As we stated in the past, just under 50% of our production value is produced in the U.K. OpEx, we're expecting around 43%. Amortization at $28 million for the year, with around $7.4 million in Q1 and Q2 and Q3 and Q4 would each be about $6.7 million. R&D is expected to grow slightly faster than revenues. Operating margin is expected to be around 22%, interest expense to be around $8 million, our effective tax rate is expected to be in the range of 8.5% to 10.5%. Our earnings per share, as Bob mentioned, for GAAP and non-GAAP is expected to be in a range of $6.70 to $7. Finally, we expect capital expenditures and free cash flow for the year to be above $200 million. With that, let me turn it back to Kim for the Q&A session.
Kim Duncan: Operator, we're now ready to take some questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson from Robert Baird.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Bob, I just want to go back to your comments on the 25% operating margin in fiscal '18. And Greg, you laid out a plan here of maybe 130, 140 basis points of margin expansion in fiscal '14. So from fiscal '14 to fiscal '18, Bob, obviously, you're going to have a lot of moving parts as MyDay becomes an even bigger part of the mix. You obviously have some things coming off on the IP side and also on the amortization side. But wondering, as you paint the picture going from 20%, 20.5% this past year to 25%, is it up a pretty consistent 100, 150 basis points a year each of the next 5 years? Or when we get beyond fiscal '14, is there risk that we may be flat now that the margin line for year or 2 with MyDay has a bigger impact before then seeing a nice a kind of tick up from there?
Robert S. Weiss: Jeff, I think it's going to be -- I don't want to say smooth, but 2015 should be an okay year relative to 2014 and then when you move into 2016 likewise you have some favorable events. So as I see it, it's maybe not a straight line going up from 20% to 25%. But it shouldn't be a hockey stick, meaning we hang out at 21.5% to 22% until the last 2 years, that's not the way I see it. I see it improving somewhat every year.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jon Block from Stifel.
Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I guess, maybe I'll just try to wrap this up in one question. Can you just speak a little bit, Bob, to MyDay? It's been out there in Europe, the pricing. And then you talked a little bit about manufacturing. It seems like hitting the gas there, you now have approval in hand with the U.S., but you're seeing strong demand in Europe. So can you talk to -- is Europe pushing out the U.S. because you want to make sure that you're feeding those mouths? Or you're trying to hit the gas even come to the U.S. sooner?
Robert S. Weiss: Jon, we're obviously very pleased with the progress we're making in Europe, and following good military guidelines, you don't overextend yourself and then tick off everyone. So Europe is obviously in the queue first up. And suffice it to say, that means depending on how Europe is going will influence the timing in the U.S. Having said that, on the other front, on the supply end, we're doing everything we can do to accelerate within reason the production side, and obviously, because of the long lead times somewhat problematic to just kind of wish it all here to mark and it's just not going to happen. But Europe is doing very well. The gold award at the SILMO Conference, best product there, we gave it a better shot on the arm. One of the things we did do is deliberately round out the product portfolio, which means build out the plus powers, as well as the minus powers. And that obviously was done with the intent of giving the customer a better product line to pick from and it did cost us short-term in terms of yields, it cost us short-term in terms of cost of goods. We just think there is the right kind of decisions to make. But to answer your question about the timing into the U.S., we'll probably get here sometime next year. But at #1, it wont be robust. #2, it is somewhat influenced by Europe.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby from Cleveland Research.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company: Just a question on the MyDay, and what that product kind of looks like going forward. For gross margins to kind of get into the -- maybe let's just say 40% to 50% range where other 1 Day lenses are. Can you maybe walk through kind of what needs to happen there? Is it just a matter of increasing your capacity and volume for that product? Or do we need some sort of kind of break through the manufacturing process in order to get the margins up on that product?
Robert S. Weiss: Steve, I guess I would describe it this way. There are some easy fixes and easy improvements, getting the first -- getting to the right zone, so to speak. So we have a pretty good map of where we are going the next 3 or 4 years by way of improvements in the equipment. We're manufacturing improvements in the yields on the existing lines. When you then get down to the point where maybe you're approaching 40% margins, moving the next 10 gets a bit more challenging, and you have to find those ideas sooner rather than later if you're going to alter some of the equipment or modify the equipment. So it's very much like the description of 20% OI, going into 25, it's going to happen in steps along the way. But directionally, it will -- we'll get a good way down the path.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Kim Gailun from JPMorgan.
Kimberly Weeks Gailun - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Question on MyDay, at what revenue level do you think that MyDay becomes operating margin-neutral? Yes, you talked about some of the gross margin ramp that you're expecting in '14, but I also imagine you're going to be spending on sales and marketing behind the MyDay rollout. So at what level should we think about that becoming a product that's closer to kind of operating margin neutral relative to the corporate average?
Robert S. Weiss: Kim, many products that we roll out like this, be it Proclear 1 Day, be it Biofinity, quite frankly for several years, didn't make operating profit. And for sure today, it makes operating profit. We're going to look at how much muscle at any point in time we have by way of capacity and how many markets we have available to dictate that. So my expectation is that it is unlikely we will be making profits on MyDay the next several years with the intent of continuing to develop that franchise, continuing to drive down cost of goods, but we'll be putting a fair amount of muscle as the capacity increases behind the product once we come to the U.S. and then once we go into other markets around the world. So it isn't -- if we wanted to make money, clearly, we could kind of map out the European model, invest 1 year and start reaping profits as early as 2 years from now, but I don't think that's the right model and I truly hope that the product has more legs so that we have investment opportunities even post the 2-year period. So I don't want to assign any $1 amount and say, chief, if we get to $100 million, we arrive at profitability. Cost will be coming down, no doubt, as you ramp up and it's $100 million product line instead of a $25 million product line, but there are other valuables that we'll consider in drawing that line.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Matt O'Brien from William Blair.
Kaila Krum: It's Kaila in for Matt. First off, I was wondering to get a little bit more color on the channel inventory issues that occurred this quarter. And if you can just help us understand, what gives you the confidence that those issues won't linger into 2014?
Robert S. Weiss: Kaila, good question. The confidence we really have is, a year ago, some of you may remember we had a reduction in channel inventory, and that reduction was around 20% in the authorized distributors here in the United States. I'm talking principally about the U.S. now. And so we assume that, that probably would be where it would settle out. Then during the course of this year, the merger came along, off the 2 largest distributors, or certainly our 2 largest distributors in the United States. And we kind of knew maybe something would happen that would, they had different model and we weren't sure which model would preempt which and in what time frame and what the implication would be. So it turns out we found out at the end of the fourth quarter that those levels were going to come down to a pretty tight level. It's our best view that that's where it's going to settle out. That means that in 2013, we really lost arguably 1 to 2 weeks of sales to distributors in the year, and therefore, we quite frankly have slightly easier comp in 2014 than we do in 2013 as a result of that phenomena. But we think based on what we saw in November and month to date in December that we have a handle on the fact that they got it down to the level they want and its business as usual going forward.
Kaila Krum: Okay, that's helpful. And then just on MyDay, you've mentioned that $25 million estimate in 2014. Does that assume any sort of contribution from the U.S. next year?
Robert S. Weiss: No. Nominal.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo.
Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I'm trying to understand if the items in the fourth quarter that hurt you by $0.30 on the EPS line, we should see them as onetime or not? And if they're onetime, then your EPS would have been about $6.26 for the year and the guidance for 2014, then the implied guidance will be 7% to 12% growth, not the low double digits that you said in the third quarter call. So if you could help me understand that, that would be helpful. And Bob, on the gross margin, I heard the 65% for 2014 in the guidance and then I heard obviously, your commentary earlier. Can you talk about what -- how is the gross margin progression looks over the next few years given some of the headwinds and tailwinds even directionally, do you think the gross margin can go up or should we kind of model it flat for the next few years?
Robert S. Weiss: As far as how much is reoccurring and how much is not reoccurring, clearly, things like the authorized distributor shrinkage in 2013 should not repeat and should be viewed as nonrecurring. So that's kind of a step up of be it -- in a $0.10-plus or minus. So that gets you, if you will, from $5.95 to $6.05. When it comes to those things surrounding MyDay, that is not black and white. Some of it was onetime, within that pot, such as taking a machine down and retooling it for the MyDay operation. Some of that will, if you will, once you get into production away. Having said that, some of that activity continues into 2014. So there will be some repeating of some of the events in the fourth quarter into 2014, which is built into our full year guidance. So I think the comp is not at either extreme, not at $5.95 compared to, let's say, the midpoint of $6.85, just to pick a number within that range, nor is it at the -- I add $0.30 to the $5.95 and then do the comps. It's some place in the middle of 30 and then 0. On the second question of gross margins, where did they go from here? There are a number of moving parts, there's no doubt the royalty, there's no doubt things like depreciation, there's no doubt MyDay. There is no doubt the remnants of foreign exchange, which have played havoc on us in the last 2 years. How you look forward, the 65 going down the road to 2018, some of that will be the more successful we are with MyDay, the more pressure we obviously put on that gross margin going forward. And I think I've indicated several times, I really don't care if it turns out to be 1 Day is 50% of our portfolio, our gross margin undoubtedly will be lower than 65%. And I kind of hope that happens because it obviously is good for our operating income line and not only the top line growth but the operating income growth. So I would assume that the 65 going forward has some potential pressure on it if we're extremely successful with MyDay. Beyond that, if it's kind of middle-of-the-road, we have a fair amount of good things going that may minimize some of the mix issues by MyDay. Whether or not that leads to 65 or some modestly lower, I don't know quite frankly.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Joanne Wuensch from BMO Capital Markets.
Joanne K. Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: The channel inventory situation, which segment of CVI did that impact the most? And do we assume that the entire rolloff that happened in the fourth quarter comes completely back on? And then my second question is, is the operating margin for CSI don't really seem to be recovering from the Origio acquisition. And can you talk about plans to help that move forward too?
Robert S. Weiss: First of all, on the channel inventory, which comes from CVI U.S., and I think we indicated that a fair amount what that distributor gets, which is the U.S. profile, if you will, of products, excluding the limited volume SKU for torics, for example, which we shipped direct and they don't go through the distributors. So our large distributor takes the entire breadth of the U.S. product line of CooperVision x the stock keeping units that don't make sense to carry at that level. As far as the impact, the impact was on the fourth quarter. We are expecting that, that level, that new level of inventory on hand will stay quarter-by-quarter hereafter, which is to say, no new collapse, no new comeback. It's not going to step up, it's not going to step down, it's going to stay steady-state, that's our underlying assumption. There is some modest tweaking that goes on within the quarterly cycles for cyclical reasons, but it is fairly modest, it's nothing like what we're talking about at year end. As far as the operating margins of CooperSurgical, will they rebound to where they were pre-Origio? Origio, number one, is a very global acquisition. And as you go global, building out that structure, it's going to operate a little less efficiently by nature than having a U.S.-centric business where make it in the U.S., ship it in the U.S., that's all there is. So that's one downward pressure. Second thing is, we continue to invest in Origio as it builds itself out globally, and grew 24% this last quarter. And as long as it's putting up good growth numbers, we will continue to invest and not try to reap the profits on that. The one thing we do have in mind, however, is ultimately fine-tuning its production process, I guess, in a sense of product mix and profitability on the gross margin line. And I would hope that as we look forward over the next several years, we improve somewhat on its gross margin.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Amit Bhalla from Citigroup.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Two quick ones for Greg. Greg, just number one, share count guidance for '14. And second on Aime. I just want to reconcile on a non-GAAP basis the charge and the impact on revenues into earnings to the fourth quarter based on Aime.
Gregory W. Matz: Okay, Amit. The first thing, the share count is 49.5. And so for Aime, if you look at Aime, there are a couple of pieces, one, the charge was, the $21.1 million we mentioned. It had for the fourth quarter, $0.28 impact. For the year, it's $0.26 and that difference is really around taxes. There was a tax true up in there so -- and you actually had some additional $0.05 of tax true up in the quarter. So if you look at the difference between GAAP and non-GAAP, you see $0.33 and that really is an additional $0.05 on top of the $0.28 Aime. Or it's a typical tax true-up at the end of the year. You estimate your rate throughout the year. Once you hit your end, finish your provision, you're able to go back in and exactly hit what your tax rate will be. So nothing unusual.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, does that conclude the question-and-answer portion of today's call. I'll now turn the call back over to Bob Weiss for closing remarks.
Robert S. Weiss: Well, thank you, everyone, for participating in today's call. We are obviously very excited as we look down the road to 2014. I think you can tell that from our guidance, we're feeling pretty bullish about what is going through the pipeline. We're very bullish about MyDay, and look forward to talking to you a lot more on our first quarter conference call about our progress in some of these areas as we go forward. With that, I think our next conference call is on March 6, if I have it right, of 2014, which is a Thursday. And we look forward to updating you at that point in time. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation, and you may all now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-09-05 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Kim Duncan - Senior Director of Investor Relations Robert S. Weiss - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Science & Technology Committee Gregory W. Matz - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President
Analysts: Kimberly Weeks Gailun - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Matthew O'Brien - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company Joanne K. Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Christopher C. Cooley - Stephens Inc., Research Division Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Third Quarter 2013 The Cooper Companies, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Cecilia, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Ms. Kim Duncan, Senior Director Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon, and welcome to The Cooper Companies' Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. I'm Kim Duncan, Senior Director of Investor Relations. And joining me today -- on today's call are Bob Weiss, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Matz, Chief Financial Officer; and Al White, Chief Strategy Officer. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market conditions and integration of any acquisitions. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward-Looking Statements in today's earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including the business section of Cooper's annual report on Form 10-K. These are publicly available and on request from the company's Investor Relations department. Now before I turn the call over to Bob, let me comment on the agenda for the call. Bob will begin by providing highlights on the quarter, followed by Greg, who will then discuss the third quarter financial results. We will keep the formal presentation to roughly 30 minutes, then open the call for questions. We expect the call to last approximately 1 hour. [Operator Instructions] Should you have any additional questions, please call our Investor line at (925) 460-3663 or email ir@cooperco.com. As a reminder, this call is being webcast and a copy of the earnings release is available through the Investor Relations section of The Cooper Companies' website. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Bob for his opening remarks.
Robert S. Weiss: Thank you, Kim. First of all, to some of you on the call, happy new year both to you and your families. Our apologies for having our release date the first date of -- first day of Rosh Hashanah. On to results. Another solid quarter, we march on: top line growth of 9%, GAAP earnings per share of $1.79, up 32% versus the prior year; non-GAAP earnings per share, $1.74, is up $0.29 or 20%; and free cash flow of $64.5 million means our trailing-12-month free cash flow was $245 million. Some highlights and key events. Our silicone hydrogel family of soft contact lenses continues to show strong growth with worldwide sales up 22% in constant currency, now accounting for 43% of CooperVision revenues. Additionally, I'm proud to announce that just this week, we have officially launched our branded daily silicone hydrogel lens, MyDay, in Europe. Demand is very strong for this lens, and we're very optimistic about the future. We also continue to see a lot of success in our entire silicone hydrogel family of products with Biofinity and Avaira. The combination of these products should continue our momentum for years to come. With the most recent calendar quarter, we grew 2x the market, which grew 4%. We achieved 23% operating income and even exceeded 20% in net income as a percent of revenues. We are very pleased with our IVF or fertility growth, which was 180%, and adjusting for acquisition comparability, grew 20% over the prior year comparable period. Our free cash flow delivery resulted in our debt-to-cap now moving to single digits. We have a very strong balance sheet, as well as a strong free cash flow. On the revenue results, during the third quarter, our silicone hydrogel family continued to drive our top line and our bottom line. Silicone hydrogel revenues were $143 million, the halo effect of Biofinity Toric in Japan continues. In Japan, Biofinity constant currency sales are up over 100% versus the prior year. The halo effect of Avaira Toric is contributing to solid growth of the Avaira 2-week family. As previously mentioned, we have launched MyDay, our branded single-use silicone into Europe this month. We expect this newest addition to our silicone hydrogel portfolio of soft contact lenses to help continue our silicone hydrogel revenue growth momentum for many years to come. I'm extremely happy to say that we believe we, once again this calendar quarter ended June 30, gained share across the board. All regions, all modalities, all lens types, sphere, torics and multifocal in both materials, silicone hydrogel and non-silicone hydrogel. This demonstrates the breadth of our reach and the product portfolio. Geographically, foreign exchange headwinds continue to reduce CooperVision revenues, down 4% in the quarter. Excluding foreign exchange, CVI constant currency growth was 9%. Last year, it was the euro and this year, it's the yen which is down 25% versus the third quarter of 2012. It was over $200 million of revenue in Japan. This is not only impacting our revenue, but is also negatively impacting our gross margin, as well as our operating income and bottom line, I might add. But even with this major nuisance on the strength of our product lines, we are putting up some solid numbers. From a revenue perspective regionally, we have put up solid constant currency growth in all locations: Americas up 9%; EMEA or Europe, 8%; Asia-Pac, 8%; and worldwide, 9%. Our growth drivers in the Americas: trading up Biofinity, including the halo effect of Biofinity multifocal with the entire family doing well. Also, while off a much smaller base, Proclear 1 Day and the Avaira Toric and family are a significant contributor. In Europe right now, currency is helping off at some of the yen. Driving our 8% constant currency growth in this region is the entire Biofinity family and 1 Day, including single-use silicone hydrogel. In Asia-Pac, while foreign exchange took its toll on revenue, our constant currency revenue is up 8%. Drivers include tremendous success of the Biofinity family, especially with the halo effect of Biofinity Toric and Proclear 1 Day. The worldwide soft contact lens market in the second quarter -- calendar quarter was up 4% in constant currency, while CooperVision was up 10%. For the trailing 12 months ended June 30, the soft contact lens market, now $7.2 billion worldwide, was up 4% in constant currency. CooperVision was up 11% on the strength of Biofinity, Proclear 1 Day and Avaira. For the calendar quarter, the market was up, growth was sponsored by 1 Day. While industry data is no longer available for silicone hydrogel material, most likely, this trade-up material remains a solid growth material. CooperVision was up 22% in constant currency in fiscal third quarter of 2013, and CooperVision silicone hydrogel now is 43% of our revenues. Soft contact lens market continues to be a trade-up market. This includes the premium products: silicone hydrogel lenses; torics and multifocals; and trade-up of a 1 Day disposable expands patient revenues by 400% to 600%. Even more important, the 1 Day wearer generates 300% to 500% more profit. Also, it is important to understand that torics and multifocals have a long way to go in capturing the market opportunity, especially outside the United States. Geographically, growth is reasonably balanced with the Americas and Europe up 4%, and Asia-Pac up 5% in the calendar quarter, second quarter. Drivers continue as 1 Days in silicone hydrogel trade-up. Also, we believe torics and multifocals continue to expand faster, off of a lower base outside the United States. CooperSurgical, our women's health care franchise, turned in $81.5 million in revenue, up 27% versus the prior year's third quarter on the strength of a $27 million contribution from our IVF business or fertility business, which now accounts for 1/3 of CooperSurgical revenues. Revenue growth of our fertility business was up 180%. And adjusting for acquisition comparability, the IVF product growth was 20% over the prior year's comparable period. And we're pleased to see our office and surgical procedures product lines achieve a breakeven following last quarter's declines. This reflects some returning momentum in the surgical procedure area in spite of continued softness with our closure device. And remember, we are in a transition mode with this product of Carter-Thomason CloseSure device as we roll out an upgrade of the product. This, in essence, results in lost revenues during a trial period -- trialing period. We continue working through this rollout and remain optimistic we'll see improvements over time. Adjusting for acquisition comparability, including the 20% for fertility, CooperSurgical growth was 6% above the prior year. In terms of guidance, we have taken our non-GAAP earnings per share range and have again taken up our bottom line end of our guidance range for revenue for fiscal year 2013. This results from the strength of our third quarter results, the bottom line brought about by solid top-line moderating foreign exchange movement, a 23% operating income margin and the third quarter and favorable tax movement. The favorable tax movement includes the effects of geographic mix, tax rate reduction, specifically in the U.K., and the effects of some positive discrete tax items. The yen took its toll with about a $13 million hit on revenue due to a 25% decline in the yen versus the prior year. In spite of this, we overcame it and its effects with our positive top line performance and the strength of our gross profit percent in prior year's comparable -- versus prior year's comparable periods. Our new guidance for non-GAAP earnings per share for the fiscal year is $6.23 to $6.28 versus our prior guidance of $6.15 to $6.25. This reflects the ongoing strength of our product portfolio, including Biofinity and the Proclear 1 Day, as well as the lower effective tax rate for this fiscal year. Importantly, in spite of increasing our guidance, we continue to invest in geographic expansion and R&D, with emphasis on D or product development. This D is what has accelerated our rollout of new products, like MyDay, our new branded 1 Day silicone hydrogel. This branded product is now launching in Europe this month. Regarding free cash flow guidance, we're increasing our free cash flow range to $180 million to $210 million, while reducing our CapEx to $180 million to $210 million. This mainly reflects the timing of CapEx or capital expenditure payments as we continue to aggressively manage our free cash flow. As a general comment on capital expenditures, our production plans remain on schedule. And I am pleased to say our manufacturing for MyDay and other products is meeting or beating our internal expectations. I might add one other thing, we are pleased with our -- how we're progressing with fiscal year 2013 and how it's shaping up, and are anticipating low double-digit earnings per share growth again next fiscal year. On strategy, we are continuing with our successful strategy, which I have frequently articulated in the past. We believe it is solid and it has delivered results. CooperSurgical is putting up solid results and is leveraging its infrastructure. This franchise was built with the solid understanding of the value of critical mass in the women's health care market, targeting the OB/GYNs. We follow the professional wherever they go, be it the office, the surgicenter, hospital or IVF centers. Although the call points are different for each, the leverage is considerable. CooperSurgical's third quarter gross profit percent was 64%, its operating margin was 20% and due to minimal capital requirements, CooperSurgical is a significant contributor to our free cash flow. We are dedicated to the strategy and will continue tuck-in acquisitions to leverage the CooperSurgical structure and products. At CooperVision, the strategy is more complex and is much more global in nature. The $7.2 billion soft contact lens industry, because of the uniqueness of our manufacturing platforms and product portfolio, we are the only participant that aggressively promotes silicone hydrogel and non-silicone hydrogel, that is the Proclear family. We emphasize branded and non-branded products. Note private label does not mean lower operating margins. We actively promote and specialize in custom lenses with a high gross profit, I might add. We support all modalities that the eye care professional prescribed for 1 Day, 2-week, as well as monthly lenses. And we support all type of lenses, spheres, torics and multifocals. With approximately 30% share in the high-growth specialty lens categories, torics and multifocals, it is acknowledged by eye care professionals that we're pretty good at specialty contact lenses. Few eye care professionals would challenge why the success of Biofinity Toric for astigmatism put a great design together with a great material and great things can happen. We happen -- we have seen similar successes for this same reason with Biofinity Multifocal, which shipped to market in the middle of calendar year 2011. On the capacity front, with the possible exception of Avaira Toric, we are ahead of plan to deliver considerably more product where we had previously been supply-constrained. The Biofinity family, Proclear 1 Day are all in good capacity shape. Our newest challenge will be to ramp up 1 Day silicone hydrogel as we -- as it is yet a niche market. On pricing, like the rest of the soft contact lens industry, we have a trade-up strategy. Our new wearers and existing wearers are targeted for silicone hydrogel lenses, the Proclear family and the 1 Day or our single-use lenses. Each creates more revenue per patient. A 1 Day modality, for example, results in 4x to 6x more revenue per patient. While this strategy sacrifices the gross profit margin, it generally creates 3 to 5x more profit per wearer. Of course, the strategy competes head on with the lens care space since we are shifting the wearers' resources from lens care to contact lenses only. Competing for lens care dollars is more of a problem for some of our competitors. In my opinion, we continue to be one of the most focused company in the industry lacking many distractions that some of our competitors are going through. I might add, with Biofinity, Avaira and Proclear, we have a lot to talk about with eye care professionals around the globe. As we look down the road over the next several years, we expect to continue improving operating margins and de-leveraging -- or delivering above-average shareholder returns. We expect to continue to average double-digit earnings per share growth while investing in geographic expansion and new product development. In today's market, we have a solid product portfolio to leverage in all modality, multiple materials, all lens types and we retain our expertise to emphasize customizing lenses for the 10% to 20% of those lens wearers requiring other than standard lens sizes and/or designs. We have a lot of work to do before we come anywhere close to having exploited our #1 contact lens family, Biofinity. This is particularly true when it comes to geographic expansion and fully developing the Biofinity family of Torics and Multifocals around the world. The same applies to Avaira, where the Avaira Sphere was anxiously awaiting the relaunch of Avaira Toric. This combination has now put us in a much better position to exploit the U.S. 2 week space owned by Johnson & Johnson and to also exploit our private label strategy more aggressively with this family. While we already have pretty respectable gross profit and operating margins, from a cost perspective, we have considerable upside yet to be fully developed. Upsides include the complete elimination of silicone hydrogel royalty, with the expiration of patents in September 2014 in the United States and in March 2016 in the rest of the world. The reduction of our manufacturing cost by, among other things, improving molding cycle times, increasing capacity utilization and improving yields in general. Each of these are key goals for us. As previously mentioned, our expansion plans include: a low-cost labor location in Costa Rica that is now being built. This is a multi-year project that will further help us minimize costs or manage our costs. Also, given the considerable amount of free cash flow we generate, we will continue to look for tuck-in acquisitions and geographic expansion opportunities like Origio in our 2 businesses. The key requirement, however, is that each acquisition must exceed our minimum investment hurdle rates. Each must achieve, over time, a hurdle rate that exceeds 10%. Additionally, the markets for both women's health care and soft contact lenses are much less developed outside the United States and we generate a considerable amount of cash offshore due in part to our level of manufacturing outside the United States. And as such, we will continue to be -- to aggressively invest in global expansion opportunities. With over 95% of the people on the planet outside the United States, we believe we will find opportunities to invest in other countries for decades to come, thereby sustaining our low effective tax rate indefinitely. And finally, we again this year demonstrated we are opportunistic when it comes to buying back our stock in order to enhance total shareholder return. In summary, before I turn it over to Greg, let me say how pleased I remain with our ongoing progress on many fronts. We continue to outperform the marketplace, most recently growing 2 to 3x the market rate of growth. Our top line growth in a so-so economy, a low inflationary economy remains solid, and I am very pleased at our upper single-digit organic constant currency growth at CooperVision during the quarter. Our family of products, Biofinity, Avaira, Proclear 1 Day and now 1 Day silicone hydrogel, MyDay, as well as women's health care, our global fertility products are all promising growth going forward. We continue to execute well and invest in geographic expansion in a new product pipeline. While we are still very early in our expansion programs in each of the BRIC countries and there are challenges in each, I am very pleased with our progress to date. Our women's health care franchise has now become more global with the Origio acquisition made 1 year ago. Our balance sheet is very strong. Our debt-to-cap, which was near 40% only a few years ago is now single digit at 9%. We remain keenly focused on delivering consistently improving results, mindful of our desire to invest and leverage prudently, thereby delivering a respectable total shareholder return. Lastly, as always, a reminder that at Cooper, our #1 asset is our employees. To them, a big thank you for consistently delivering great results. And now, I'll turn it to -- over to Greg to cover more financial highlights.
Gregory W. Matz: Thanks, Bob. And good afternoon, everyone. As Bob shared with you a pretty thorough review of the market and our revenue picture, let me start with gross margins. Looking at gross margins in Q3, the consolidated GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins were 65.1% compared with 63.5% for GAAP and non-GAAP in Q3 last year. We continue to see strong headwinds due to the impact of foreign exchange, predominantly the yen, on our revenue and the related direct impact on gross margins, which had approximately a 90-basis-point impact year-over-year. In addition, we continue to experience a negative mix impact due to Origio, which we purchased in July 2012. Despite these headwinds, we continue to run favorable margins due to a reduced CIBA royalty strong product mix led by Biofinity and increased manufacturing efficiencies. Looking sequentially, we saw our gross margin drop from a high of 66.2% to 65.1%. This is primarily attributable to our normal seasonality of manufacturing variances, including the impact of the December plant shutdown as that inventory turns, as well as FX. We saw the continued degradation of the yen, which add a 30-basis-point impact. For Q4, we're looking for gross margins to be in the range of 65.5% to 66%. CooperVision, on a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis, reported a gross margin of 65.4% versus 62.8% for GAAP and non-GAAP in Q3 last year. Factors driving the year-over-year gross margin improvement were the reduction of our royalty expense, product mix and manufacturing efficiencies. The major headwind on gross margin was FX, largely the weakening of the yen. CooperSurgical had a GAAP and a non-GAAP gross margin of 64.1%, which compares to Q3 '12 of 67.1%. As previously discussed, our margin is primarily attributable to our acquisition of Origio in July of 2012. Now looking at operating expenses. In the quarter on a GAAP basis, SG&A expenses increased by 6% from Q3 last year to $152.1 million, and were 37% of revenue versus 38% of revenue in the prior year. Part of this increase reflects CooperVision's continued investments in geographic expansion. Also remember that we acquired Origio in July 2012 and our current quarter has 3 months of expenses versus the 1 month in the prior year. On a non-GAAP basis SG&A grew 9% year-over-year. The difference is GAAP SG&A for Q3 '12 included $4 million of Origio deal costs, which was excluded to get to non-GAAP last year. SG&A was up 1% sequentially. As we discussed in the past, CooperSurgical was impacted by the medical device excise tax. And we had about 700k of medical device excise tax in the quarter that hit SG&A, we expect about $2.4 million in 2013. R&D expenses. As we look at R&D in Q3, R&D increased by approximately 13% year-over-year to $14.9 million, or up about $1.7 million. R&D was 3.6% of revenue, up from 3.5% in Q3 '12 and down from 3.8% sequentially. As we discussed in the prior quarter, we would expect that R&D will continue to grow slightly faster than sales in fiscal 2013. Depreciation, amortization. In Q3, depreciation was $23.4 million, up $1.5 million or 7% year-over-year; and amortization was $7.7 million, up $1.8 million or 31% year-over-year, for a total of $31.1 million. Origio amortization for the quarter was approximately $2.1 million. Moving to operating margins. For Q3, consolidated GAAP and non-GAAP operating income and margins were $93.6 million, or 22.7% of revenue, versus $77.3 and 20.4% of revenue for GAAP, and $81.3 million and 21.5% for non-GAAP in Q3 '12. This represents a 21% increase in operating income over Q3 '12 GAAP numbers and a 15% increase over non-GAAP. The increase in GAAP operating margins is due to a combination of improved gross margin and the elimination of the 2012 Origio deal cost and GAAP operating expenses. Interest expense was $2.3 million for the quarter, down 2% year-over-year. Looking at the effective tax rate, in Q3, the GAAP and the non-GAAP effective tax rate was 2.3% and 5%, respectively, versus Q2 -- I'm sorry, Q3 '12 GAAP and non-GAAP effective tax rate of 6.2% and 6.1%, respectively. As we discussed before and as Bob mentioned, the effective tax rate continues to be below the U.S. statutory rate as a majority of our income is earned in foreign jurisdictions with lower tax rates. In Q3, the single biggest factor impacting our effective tax rate was the drop in U.K. statutory rates from 23% to 20%, which was enacted in July. This had a favorable quarterly impacts of about 230 basis points, so our 5% non-GAAP rate would have been 7.3% without this. We now expect the full year GAAP effective tax rate to be in the range of 5.5% to 7%, and the non-GAAP effective tax range to be in the range of 7% to 8%. This will result in an estimated Q4 non-GAAP rate of 9.5% to 10.5%. When thinking about these ranges in our future effective tax rate, remember, there were some nonrecurring items so far this year, including the U.K. statutory rate reduction impact and our deferred tax liabilities I just mentioned, the favorable settlement of a foreign tax authority audit we mentioned in Q2 and the multiple years of R&D tax credit, which was renewed in Q1. These will amount to roughly 200-basis-point reduction effective tax rate this year. Another driver in the lower effective tax rate is the reduction of the CIBA royalty, which increased offshore profits, and which we will continue to see going forward. Earnings per share. Our Q3 earnings per share on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis were $1.79 and $1.74, respectively, versus $1.36 and $1.45 on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis in Q3 '12. Our earnings per share is up 32% and 20% on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis, respectively, versus the prior year. Touching on share repurchase. There was no share repurchase activity in Q3. There still remains $184.5 million available under this program. Regarding foreign exchange, currency continues to have a big impact on our business from a year-over-year perspective, and even some continued negativity since we gave guidance on our Q2 earnings call. From a year-over-year perspective, currency negatively impacted us by $0.17 and this was mainly driven by the yen, which was down 25% year-over-year. From our Q2 earnings call when we last gave guidance, currency negatively impacted Q3 EPS by $0.02 and is projected to negatively impact Q4 by an additional $0.02. As we look at the fourth quarter, we continue to see a significant negative impact on a year-over-year basis of around $0.16. This does include some favorable impact of seeing some of our lower cost pound inventory flow through the P&L in Q4. Regarding our Q4 guidance, we used roughly today's rates of euro being 1.32 and the yen at 100. Looking at the balance sheet and liquidity, in Q3, we had cash provided by operations of $103.1 million, capital expenditures of $38.6 million, resulting in $64.5 million of free cash flow. Inventories were basically flat at $340 million from last quarter. For the quarter, we're seeing months on hand at 7.1 months, up from months on hand to 6.6 months last year, and down from 7.8 months last quarter. AR continues to be well managed with DSOs at 53 days, up slightly from 52 days last year but down from 54 days at the end of last quarter. Before I turn it back to Kim, I wanted to touch on guidance for Q4. And Bob mentioned some of this, but just to reiterate it, total company revenue for Q4 is expected in the range of $410 million to $425 million for a year-over-year growth rate of 4% to 8%. We expect CooperVision's Q4 revenue to be in the range of $330 million to $340 million or a year-over-year growth rate of 4% to 7%. This equates to a constant currency growth rate for CooperVision of 8% to 11%. We expect CooperSurgical's revenue in the range of $80 million to $85 million with a year-over-year growth rate of 3% to 9%. We expect non-GAAP gross margin in Q4 to be in the range of 65.5% to 66%. Non-GAAP OpEx to be around 41.5%, non-GAAP operating margin to be in the range of 24% to 24.5%. As I mentioned earlier, we expect the Q4 non-GAAP effective tax rate to be 9.5% to 10.5%. Our Q4 GAAP earnings per share is estimated in the range of $1.76 to $1.81 and excludes the impact of the potential Aime transaction. Our Q4 non-GAAP earnings per share is also estimated in the range of $1.76 to $1.81. This being based on a diluted share count of 49.9 million shares. Finally, we expect capital expenditures for the year of $180 million to $210 million and free cash flow of $180 million to $210 million. With that, let me turn it back to Kim for the Q&A session.
Kim Duncan: Operator, we're ready to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Kim Gailun, JPMorgan.
Kimberly Weeks Gailun - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So just 2 quick ones, the first is on gross margin. And as we look at it sequentially in the quarter, you were down just over 100 basis points and gave a lot of detail in the call, so thanks for that. And I think essentially, what you're saying was FX sequentially was about 30 bps worse. And most of the rest of that was manufacturing variances. So just hoping you could clarify that, was there any mix impact sequentially? And then the follow-up is just with the lower tax that we're seeing this year and how we should be thinking about earnings growth for next year. You had a bunch of different moving parts in the tax rate this year, and how we should think about that number as we get into '14?
Robert S. Weiss: Great. Yes, thanks. On the gross margin, I think you nailed it. We basically had that the yen go against this a little bit from our last guidance. So from a sequential standpoint, we did see about a 30-basis-point impact. And we do have, if you look back and I just have data for the last 5 or 6 years in front of me, and you can see that Q3 is always kind of our lowest gross margin quarter. We see that dip, it's normal. We have a number of manufacturing variances that come through, including we have traditionally shut down our plants in December in order to do some maintenance and get it prepared for the year, and that flows through naturally in the Q3 timeframe. On the tax side, we have had a lot of kind of one time items pop up this year. We're not in a position where we want to give guidance for next year. I did want to highlight that there are some things that are one time in nature, and that's kind of why I brought that out. On the other side, I did mention but you have a certain amount number of discrete items that reversed occasionally each year, and the size of those items are really -- we don't know those in advance, and so that has an impact that can actually raise the rates. So at this point, we're not going to go through and give yearly guidance for 2014 on the tax rate.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen, Wells Fargo.
Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I wanted to focus on MyDay, if I could. So obviously, you just launched the product. Bob, you mentioned that demand is strong. Could you give us an update on pricing relative to DAILIES TOTAL1 and TruEye? Will you be able to meet capacity, meet demand -- do you have enough capacity to meet demand going forward in fiscal 2014? Any more color on the U.S. approval timing and the production plan? And just lastly, Bob, on MyDay. Could you just give us some reassurance that as you ramp up, we won't have production issues that we did with Biofinity?
Robert S. Weiss: All right. As far as the pricing of MyDay, I'm not going to get into all the details other than to say we're obviously not going to price at the high point at both TruEye and TOTAL 1 are, which is the reason that the market remains a niche market. So expect our pricing is not -- it's going clearly be below that sphere of -- in that tier of pricing. As far as demand, demand is going to be -- it's certainly exceeding our capacity throughout 2013, throughout 2014. And once again, that is purely a function of our ability to ramp up in long lead times on equipment that are 12 to 18 months, which really will push us out to 2015 and beyond. As far as the timing in U.S. and what we expect in the U.S., the approval to sell in the U.S., we expect within the next 12 months. Whether or not we immediately go-to-market once we get that approval will be a function of not overextending our reach. So if the demand is robust in Europe and we've committed to customers, we're going to honor those commitments first in Europe and then we'll take it from there as we ramp up. As far as the risk of not being able to ramp up, it's more about plugging -- getting the equipment, plugging it in, validating it. It is not novel equipment, it's equipment we have been using in the production of both Avaira, as well as the production of MyDay. So I think it's more execution, unlike Biofinity when that really got started way back when in 2006, '07 and '08. It was a material that was challenging to us and a huge learning curve, not only the equipment -- that the production equipment came into play, but also the material came into play. So I think we'll be on that.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Matthew O'Brien, William Blair.
Matthew O'Brien - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: To kind of follow up a little bit on Larry's question about MyDay. As I recall, the big market right now that's the big chunk of overall daily silicone hydrogel revenue is Japan. And I'm just curious, I think I get the strategy as far as going to Europe first, but when you've talked about some pretty big demand there, and I think that's a relatively small market. So is it fair to characterize that, that potential revenue opportunity is something along the lines of a few million dollars, maybe $10 million at the high end over the next 12 months or so? And then within there, as MyDay gets to be a bigger and bigger piece of the overall business, certainly, it's going to weigh on gross margins, but the absolute contribution on the revenue side may be much higher. So should we expect a higher level of share repurchases or a higher dividend rate to offset what may be going on throughout the P&L?
Robert S. Weiss: I kind of lost you some place along there, but let me comment on Japan. You're correct, Japan is the biggest 1 Day silicone hydrogel market. The gating of the 1 Day silicone hydrogel market and the rate limiter has much more to do with price points than it does whether or not demand is there for silicone hydrogel. So the reason we're not going straight to Japan has a lot to do with the approval process we are embarking on going down that path, and we'll get to Japan at some point in time. As far as is the product limited by way of revenue potential, I think, not. In the next couple of years, we're not worrying about can we sell the product. It's kind of where do we sell it in one order and how do we control the process so we don't offend people that can't get the product? So that's really the rate limiter. But in the perfect world, if Japan were available, who knows we might have that -- meaning we have the approval process, we might very well go there first, but that's theoretical. As far as I think some of those other questions you asked, you're going to have to maybe repeat them.
Gregory W. Matz: Buyback.
Robert S. Weiss: On the buyback.
Gregory W. Matz: Yes, I think, Matt, when you mentioned buyback, we just don't -- we don't really comment on that.
Robert S. Weiss: In other words, any buyback done by us, we have the approval to go into the market and we go into the market opportunistically, but we clearly do not define what that means or the parameters of that. I would view that as not linked with anything else we're doing. Maybe the only limiter would be use of cash in terms of investment opportunities and other things on our plate.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson, Robert Baird.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Let me ask Bob one question and then I do have a follow-up after that. But it might be picky and you guys have good fourth quarter revenue guidance out there for CVI. But if I look at your fiscal third quarter growth of 9% constant currency for CVI and then your calendar 2Q was 10%, does that -- is it overreading to say July slowed down? Can you give us any kind of July or maybe kind of what you're seeing so far to start this quarter off, update on the CVI side?
Robert S. Weiss: I think it is, #1, July, of course, is in the reported period and I think you're doing a bifurcation of maybe the calendar data and the CLI data and...
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Exactly.
Robert S. Weiss: But relative to the guidance we're giving, I think it's pretty in sync with the run rate we had, both in the quarter ended June 30, which was the 10%, and the 3 months ended in July, which is the fiscal period, which was 9%. But quite frankly, that got weighted somewhat by a non-soft contact lens piece, the Aime products business, if you will. So I don't think you can read any slowing in the bifurcation or in our guidance.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just another couple of questions here on MyDay. First, I just want to confirm, it doesn't sound like there is really any revenue or margin implications for MyDay in the quarter. And then, Bob, I'd like to hear -- in the quarter you just reported, sorry. And then, Bob, I'd like to hear kind of maybe your bigger-picture thought on MyDay. It sounds like you guys are probably going to come out at a $500 to $550 price point somewhere in there for MyDay. But long term, do you think we have to get that price point down into the $400, $450 range? Where do you think daily si-hy pricing has to settle out? If we look at traditionally kind of a 20% or 25% trade-up cost is what takes these lenses out of niche territory into more of a reasonable trade-up range, where do you think long term that pricing on daily silicone in general needs to go for users to really start taking it up faster?
Robert S. Weiss: Well, I think if we look way down the road, you're going to end up with products in different categories at that cost. As cost comes down over time, the -- it will start taking on a profile a lot more traditional albeit the strategy of the industry has always been trade-up and hold the premium, some premium. My only problem with TOTAL1 and TruEye is that there is a limit and you're -- what you're trying to hone in on is where is that limit? There's no doubt that moist establishes a good guideline of what is affordable, it's the biggest product in the category. And so you know the price point can be at least moist. And you know the price point since moist is not -- silicone hydrogel can be higher than moist. So I think that's one parameter of that we know works in the marketplace. There is -- the market is willing to pay a premium for silicone hydrogel above hydrogel, so it's some place above moist. But clearly, there's a point where it cuts off, and that's where the sharpening of the pencil comes into play, which is we're not going to get too far into the details on that.
Gregory W. Matz: Yes. And, Jeff, to your other question on margin. Obviously, MyDay has a margin well below our standard margin, but it's in the rounding based on the volume of the product at this point for the quarter.
Robert S. Weiss: Yes. So to your point, we did not -- it was not a contributor to the quarter and that the rollout of the MyDay itself is a fourth quarter event as we speak now in Europe.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby, Cleveland Research.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company: Just one follow-up question on a comment that was just made on MyDay first. And then I have a follow-up, too. If you could -- can you just give us an update on your progression in improving the yields and margins on MyDay and kind of where you stand? I think in the past, you've talked about maybe a 10% gross margin on that product. Just wondering where that is now.
Robert S. Weiss: Let's just say we're still early in the startup cycle, the production. And there are things on the new equipment as it comes in that will be more accommodating to the product. And you're right, the learning curve will continue to improve. We're well into the last meeting when we initially started the product and when we initially rolled it out as a private label. The private label product for the most part was a negative gross margin. The costs have come down so we're in positive territory, but we have a long way to go relative to where we expect to take it.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company: Okay, great. And then my next question is just on the competitive environment now that TOTAL1 is both in the U.S. and in Europe. I was just wondering, it looks like you guys are still obviously continuing to outgrow the market in overall in the dailies. I was just wondering about what your thoughts are maybe longer-term on some of your competitors start to launch new lenses, Sauflon gets FDA approval, things like that.
Robert S. Weiss: Well, I think as long as the price point is where it is on TOTAL1 and TruEye, this is the market that today is, let's say, something around or a little less than 5% of global market, or around that number, predicated mainly or targeted mainly at Japan. So it's, I would say, not all that much is happening in Europe and the U.S. in the extreme premium part of this market. As part as Sauflon is concerned and Clariti, it's my understanding they do have approval in the U.S. But having said that, I think they now have order for equipment, so I think like the other people in this space, everyone is in the process of ordering equipment, whether you're J&J or Alcon or Cooper or Sauflon, your -- there is a lead time on equipment in ramping up.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch, BMO Capital Markets.
Joanne K. Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Can we turn for a second into CSI? What was the Origio contribution in the quarter?
Robert S. Weiss: The Origio, we had -- Greg, you want -- do you have that number?
Gregory W. Matz: Well, Origio was accretive. We've incorporated that into our business model, so we don't break that out separately.
Joanne K. Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And it looks as if in your guidance, you tightened the guidance range and looks like the CSI came down a little bit on the top end. Any particular reason for that?
Robert S. Weiss: I just think that's in sync with our run rate off the quarter. I think we brought it down $5 million at the top end, and that's a reflection that they're kind of marching more towards the middle of the range than towards the top of the range this time. I think the closure, as the year progressed, the closure device and our conversion there, which started a little in the third quarter in terms of the numbers we put up in the third quarter kind of ripple into the fourth quarter, and it's more whether or not you round it in the -- round it down in the third quarter.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Chris Cooley, Stephens.
Christopher C. Cooley - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Just 2 quick ones. One, when I think about silicone hydrogel sales as a percentage of total CVI, just looking back over the last roughly 8 quarters, it's flat sequentially here in the 3Q. Should I think about that as greater growth obviously with ClearSight and Proclear in the dailies category? Or is there anything structural that we should be thinking about just in terms of your portfolio products in terms of what the ceiling may or may not be for silicone hydrogel as a percentage of total CVI revenue? And then just as a quick second one, any update on the immediate transaction there in terms of estimated time of closure, so I'm assuming we have to change that or make adjustments for that to the full year once that closes?
Robert S. Weiss: I think, Aime?
Christopher C. Cooley - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Yes, Aime.
Gregory W. Matz: Yes. So, Chris, on the Aime transaction, we're still working through that. Once we determine that it is definite and that we definitely have a deal at that point, we will book that and you will see that flow our -- through our earnings. We are hoping that's in Q4, but again, we have a couple of milestones that we're still working through at this point.
Robert S. Weiss: Chris, on the second comment on silicone hydrogel, as far as it being I think 43% in the second and third quarter, I think that's just your -- when does it round up to next level. Obviously, we're happy with the 22% growth on a much larger base, and so the constant currency contribution in growth is much higher than the total. And clearly, it continues to gain the size of our pot, if you will, as well as the market at a very respectable rate. So no, I don't read anything into the 43% and the 43%.
Operator: A question from the line of Jon Block, Stifel.
Jonathan D. Block - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: The EPS growth is certainly very solid this year, and I guess you can make the argument adjusted for some of the FX headwinds. It looks like it could even be mid-20% growth year-over-year or higher. I know you quickly mentioned, Bob, low double-digit next year. And I'm not asking for detailed guidance, but just wondering at a high level if you can talk to some of the variables that may lead to the deceleration. I'm guessing one is a potentially higher tax rate, but just any other stuff to point to, is it investments getting rated for greater ramp in MyDay? Anything there would be helpful.
Robert S. Weiss: I guess I would just say, we continue to invest money in the company, both on geographic expansion, as well as R&D that is expanded more rapidly than the top line, meaning the emphasis to D, not the R. So it's only a matter of having time to digest that. And also keep in mind that as the yen has declined throughout the year, we still already have a hurdle to overcome first quarter next year as that will still take its toll. And those numbers have been pretty big. I think Greg pointed out the $0.17 for this quarter, $0.16 forecast for next quarter, which I think adds up to $0.54 for the year. So that's been a big hurdle and granted we've had some good things go that have minimized that this year from the point of view of the royalty and other factors in our cost of goods area. So when you put it all together, it's clearly too early to go beyond the guidance we're giving in our -- in my comment, if you will, that is going to be low double-digit.
Operator: Final question comes from the line of Amit Bhalla, Citi.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: A question for Greg. If you look to the fourth quarter for the gross margin guidance, you're expecting a sequential ramp-up. Please correct me if I'm wrong, but I think that would assume that 1 Day degradation on gross margin is just really not going to happen. And so as you look to 2014, can you talk about the gross margin impact from the 1 Day rollout? And secondly, how do you think about 2014, Bob? Maybe you could talk a little bit about your expectations for market growth and maybe any comments on top line for the company.
Gregory W. Matz: Yes, I mean on the gross margin, I think if you look back in the last few years, and again, I mentioned that I have 5 years in front of me, that Q3 has always been the lowest gross margin of the year, and you will see our -- and you will see it go back up in Q4. So you've got a natural process and a lot of it is around manufacturing variances, a little bit more revenue in the quarter. All of that stuff contributes to a higher margin in Q4. And so from that perspective, we feel very comfortable with the guidance that we've given. Again, we're not going to give guidance in the next year. MyDay is still -- it's still a small product compared to our other product portfolios. So even though it has a lower-than-average gross margin, it's -- again, it's not going to drive our gross margins in the coming year just based on the volume.
Robert S. Weiss: Just a couple of comments on your questions. Piggybacking on what Greg just -- comment he just made that MyDay is not going to be a major influence next year. That is still predicated on timing of equipment. The equipment lead times are 12 to 18 months, you're only as fast as the longest piece of equipment it takes to get. So it is unlikely. Quite frankly, impossible to get the equipment in, get it plugged in, get it assembled, get it validated, make products and have the product make it out the door to any significance next year relative to any equipment we now have on order. So that is -- clearly, capacity is the governor in 2014. And therefore, MyDay is just not going to be a big factor in that process. Relative to market outlook, I would say that we're, there is no indicator I've seen that says the market should be outside of that range we've given in the past 4% to 6% in a kind of a post deep recession economy that we had. So we're now, in my opinion, at the 4% to 6% range and we've been running most recently towards the bottom end of that range at 4%. But I do think we'll start to accelerate a bit. As far as our guidance, our guidance would be eliminated at this point in time to say and we continue to expect to gain share. We're not saying we're going to match what we've done the last 1 to 2 years at 2x to 3x the market. We're going to gain share, by how much that is one we're not going to attempt to put a lot of color around right now.
Operator: With no further questions, we'll turn the call over to Mr. Bob Weiss for closing remarks. Please proceed, sir.
Robert S. Weiss: Well, I want to thank everyone for calling in today. And once again, for those of you that have New Year's activities, our apologies for the overlap and have a great happy New Year. For everyone, I look forward to updating you on our year-end results in December, I think it's December 5, very much like today, the 5th. So we look forward to giving you update on just how well 2013 went at that point in time. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-06-06 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Kim Duncan - Senior Director of Investor Relations Robert S. Weiss - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Science & Technology Committee Gregory W. Matz - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President
Analysts: Kimberly Weeks Gailun - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Christopher C. Cooley - Stephens Inc., Research Division Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Joanne K. Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Matthew O'Brien - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company Lawrence S. Keusch - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2013 The Cooper Companies Earnings Conference Call. My name is Phillip, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Ms. Kim Duncan. Please proceed, ma'am.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon, and welcome to The Cooper Companies' Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. I'm Kim Duncan, Senior Director of Investor Relations. And joining me on today's call are Bob Weiss, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Matz, Chief Financial Officer; and Al White, Chief Strategy Officer. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market conditions and integration of any acquisitions. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward-Looking Statements in today's earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including the business section of Cooper's annual report on Form 10-K. These are publicly available and on request from The Cooper Companies' Investor Relations department. Before I turn the call over to Bob, please let me comment on the agenda for the call. Bob will begin by providing highlights on the quarter, followed by Greg, who will then discuss the second quarter financial results. We will keep the formal presentation to roughly 30 minutes and then open up the call for questions. We expect the call to last approximately 1 hour. [Operator Instructions] Should you have any additional questions, please call our Investor line at (925) 460-3663 or email ir@cooperco.com. As a reminder, this call is being webcast, and a copy of the earnings release is available through the Investor Relations section of The Cooper Companies' website. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Bob for his opening remarks.
Robert S. Weiss: Thank you, Kim, and good afternoon, everyone. A few second quarter financial highlights. Another solid quarter. I'm very pleased with the results: top line growth of 11%; GAAP earnings per share of $1.52, up 36% versus the prior year; non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.50 is up $0.38 or 34%; and financial -- or free cash flow was $77.4 million, which means our trailing 12-month free cash flow is $243 million. Some highlights and key events. Our silicone hydrogel family of soft contact lenses continues to show strong growth, and our recently announced launch of MyDay, our branded single-use silicone hydrogel lens, should continue our momentum for many years to come. We recently announced our planned exit from Aime, our noncore lens and lens care business in Japan. Aime came with our purchase of War Wai's [ph] supply control of raw materials for silicone hydrogel family of products and the selling rights for Biofinity in Japan. Biofinity has been a stellar success in Japan, up 2.5x above the prior year's second quarter in constant currency. Overall, our silicone hydrogel family worldwide is up 31% in constant currency and accounts for 43% of CooperVision's revenue. For the most recent calendar quarter, we grew 3x the market growth of 4%. Our gross margin percent for the quarter achieved over 66%, deriving an operating income margin of 21%. Strong free cash flow during the quarter allowed us to delever our debt-to-total-cap to only 12%. On sales results, our second quarter -- during the second quarter, our silicone hydrogel family continued to drive our top line and our bottom line results. Silicone hydrogel revenues were $134 million. The halo effect of Biofinity Toric in Japan continues. In Japan, Biofinity constant currency sales are up over 2.5x the prior year second quarter. The relaunch of Avaira Toric is also continuing its halo effect on Avaira 2-week family of products where during the second quarter, we were -- they were up over 50% versus the prior year in constant currency. Following our successful private label rollout of single-use silicone, we have now recently announced our launch of MyDay, our branded single-use silicone hydrogel lens. We expect this newest addition to our silicone hydrogel family of soft contact lenses to help continue our silicone hydrogel revenue growth momentum for many years to come. Geographically, foreign exchange headwinds continue, reducing our CooperVision revenues by 4% in the quarter. Excluding foreign exchange, CooperVision constant currency growth was 11%. Last year it was the euro and this year it's the yen, which at recent exchange rates is down almost 30% from the high of JPY 77 per dollar. With over $200 million of revenue in Japan, this is not only impacting our revenue but also negatively impacting our gross margin percent as well as our operating income margins. But even with this nuisance on the strength of our product lines, we are putting up solid numbers. From a revenue perspective, regionally, we have put up solid constant currency growth in all locations. America is up 12%, Europe up 8% constant currency and Asia-Pacific up 13%. And overall, as I mentioned, 11%. Our growth drivers are: In the Americas, trading up to the Biofinity -- trading up to Biofinity, including the halo effect of Biofinity Multifocal, with the entire family doing well. Also, while off of a much smaller base, Proclear 1 Day in the Avaira Toric and family are significant contributors. In Europe right now, currency isn't a big factor. During our -- driving our 8% constant currency growth in this region is the entire Biofinity family and 1 Days, including single-use silicone. In Asia-Pac, while foreign exchange took its toll in revenues, our constant currency revenue was up 13%. Drivers: the tremendous success of Biofinity family, in Japan with the halo effect of Biofinity Toric, as well as Proclear 1 Day and single-use torics. The worldwide soft contact lens market in the first quarter of 2013 was up 4% in constant currency, while CooperVision was up 12% during the same time period. For the trailing 12-month ended March 31, the soft contact lens market, now $7.2 billion worldwide, was up 4% in constant currency. CooperVision was up 11% on the strength of Biofinity, Proclear 1 Day and Avaira. For the calendar quarter, the market growth was sponsored by 1 Day. While CLI or Contact Lens has stopped reporting the growth of silicone hydrogel material, most likely this trade-up material remains solid growth material. CooperVision was up 31% in constant currency in the fiscal second quarter of 2013, and that CooperVision silicone hydrogel now represents 43% of our revenues. The soft contact lens market continues to be a trade-up market. This includes 2 premium products: silicone hydrogel lenses, torics and multifocals. A trade up to 1 Day disposables expands patient revenue by 400% to 600%. Even more important, the 1 Day wear generates 300% to 500% more profit. Also, it's important to understand that toric and multifocal have long -- have a long way to go in capturing the market opportunity, especially outside the United States. Geographically, the strength of the Americas' plus 6% and trading up to 1 Days has been driving the market. Overall, the market was up 4% for the quarter and trailing 12 months. Our expectations remain for the market to grow 4% to 6% continuing -- and CooperVision continuing to gain market share. CooperSurgical, our worldwide franchise, turned -- our women's healthcare franchise, turned in $75 million in revenue, up 32% versus the prior year's second quarter, on the strength of a $20 million revenue contribution from Origio, our IVF acquisition of a year ago. We are pleased with our IVF integration activities. Our IVF or global fertility products were up over 10% organically versus the prior year period. Overall, the medical device market, including OB/GYN offices, are in transition, with considerable consolidation of office practices and, in the United States, the new Medical Device Tax. During the quarter, CooperSurgical, on an organic constant currency basis, was essentially flat. Even so, we believe we continue to gain share. Longer term, we expect to continue to leverage our CooperSurgical infrastructure or critical mass, expanding outside the United States by growing IVF and channeling new products through this franchise. Within our women's healthcare franchise, products such as IVF products for fertility present the greatest opportunity for truly global reach. A couple of comments on guidance. We updated our guidance in late December following the amendment of our CIBA-Alcon royalty agreement and again when we released our first quarter earnings results. Given the strength of our second quarter results on the bottom line, we brought about -- it brought about a strong gross margin trend and favorable effective tax rate. We have again upped our new GAAP earnings per share guidance in spite of a worsening trend on foreign exchange rates -- or more specifically, the yen, which is down 8% since our March earnings call. While constant currency revenue is doing great, we have moderated our revenue guidance to reflect yen weakening, given we have over $200 million in revenue or about 17% of our sales at CooperVision that are yen based. Our new guidance on a non-GAAP earnings per share this year of $6.15 to $6.25 versus previous guidance of $5.95 to $6.10 reflects the strength and progress of our product portfolio, including Biofinity, acceleration of market share gains, favorable second quarter results and the lower -- a lower defective tax rate for this fiscal year. In spite of increasing our bottom line results and guidance, we continue to invest in geographic expansion in R&D, with emphasis on D, or product development. This D is what has accelerated our rollout of our new products like MyDay, our new branded 1 Day silicone hydrogel lens. On strategy, we are continuing with our successful strategy, which I frequently have articulated in the past. We believe it is solid and has delivered results. CooperSurgical is putting up solid results and is leveraging its infrastructure. The franchise was built with a solid understanding of the value of critical mass in the women's health care market, targeting OB/GYNs. We follow the profession wherever they go: office, surgery center, hospital or IVF centers. Although the call points are different for each, the leverage is considerable. CooperSurgical's second quarter '13 gross profit was 65%. Operating margins were 17%. And due to minimal capital requirements, CooperSurgical is a significant contributor to free cash flow. We are dedicated to this strategy and will continue tuck-in and non-U.S. acquisitions to leverage the CooperSurgical structure and products. At CooperVision, the strategy is more complex and is much more global in nature. The $7.2 billion soft contact lens industry, because of the uniqueness of our manufacturing platform and product portfolio, we are the only participants that could aggressively promote silicone and non-silicone hydrogel lenses -- that is, the Proclear family -- emphasize branded and nonbranded products. Note, private label does not mean lowering our operating margins. We actively promote and specialize in custom lenses with a high gross profit, of course. We support all modalities that eye care physicians prescribe: 1 Day, 2-week and monthly modalities. And we support all types of lenses: spheres, torics and multifocals. We're close to 30% share in the high-growth specialty categories, torics and multifocals. It is acknowledged by eye care professionals that we're pretty good at specialty contact lenses. Few eye care professions would challenge why the success of Biofinity toric for astigmatism. Put a great design together with a great material, and great things can happen. We have seen similar successes for the same reason with Biofinity Multifocal, which shipped to market in the middle of 2011. On the capacity front, with the exception of Avaira Toric, we are ahead of plan to deliver considerably more product where we had been previously supply constrained. The Biofinity family, Proclear 1 Day, are all in good capacity shape. Our newest challenge will be to ramp up 1 Day silicone hydrogels, as yet a niche market. On pricing, we, like the rest of the soft contact lens industry, have a trade-up strategy. Our new wearers and existing wearers are targeted for silicone hydrogel lenses, the Proclear family and the 1 Day or single-use lenses. Each creates more revenue per patient. A 1 Day modality, for example, results in 4x to 6x more revenue per wearer. While this strategy sacrifices the gross profit margin, or percent, it generally creates 3x to 5x more profit per wear. Of course, this strategy competes head-on with the lens care space since we are shifting away our resources from lens care to contact lenses only. Competing for lens care dollars is more a problem with some of our competitors. In my opinion, we continue to be the most focused company in the industry, lacking many of the distractions that some of our competitors are now going through. I might add, with Biofinity, Avaira and Proclear, we have a lot of talk about with the eye care professionals all around the globe. As we look down the road over the next several years, we expect to continue improving operating margins and delivering above-average shareholder returns. We expect to continue to average double-digit earnings per share growth while investing in geographic expansion and new product development. In today's market, we are a solid -- we have a solid product portfolio to leverage in all modalities, multiple materials, all lens types, and we retain our expertise to emphasize customizing lenses for the 10% to 20% of those lens wearers requiring other-than-standard lens sizes and/or designs. We have a lot of work to do before we come anywhere close to having exploited our #1 contact lens family, Biofinity. This is particularly true when it comes to geographic expansion and fully developing the lens family of torics and multifocals around the globe. The same applies to Avaira, where the Avaira Sphere has been anxiously awaiting the relaunch of Avaira Toric. The combination has put us in a much better position to exploit the U.S. 2-week space owned by Johnson & Johnson and to also exploit our private label strategy more aggressively with this family. While we already have pretty respectable gross profit and operating margins from a cost perspective, we have considerable upside yet to be fully developed. Upsides include: the complete elimination of silicone hydrogel royalty through expiration of patents in September 2014 in the United States and March 2016 in the rest of the world; the reduction of our manufacturing cost by, among other things, improving molding cycle times, increasing capacity utilization and improving yields in general. Each of these are key goals for us. Also, given the considerable amount of free cash flow we generate, we will continue to look for tuck-in acquisitions and geographic expansion opportunities like Origio in our 2 businesses. The key requirement, however, is that each must succeed our minimal investment hurdle rates. Each must achieve, over time, a hurdle rate that exceeds 10% return on invested capital. Additionally, the markets for both women's health care and soft contact lenses are much less developed outside the United States, and we generate a considerable amount of cash flow offshore, due in part to our level of manufacturing outside the United States. As such, we will continue to aggressively invest in global expansion opportunities. With over 95% of the people on the planet outside the United States, we believe we will find opportunities to invest in other countries for decades to come, thereby sustaining our low effective tax rate indefinitely. And finally, we again this year demonstrated we are opportunistically willing to buy some of our own stock to maximize total shareholder return. In summary, before I turn it over to Greg, let me say how pleased I am with our ongoing progress. We continue to outperform the marketplace, most recently growing 2x to 3x the market rate of growth. Our top line growth in a skittish global economy remains solid, and I am very pleased at our double-digit organic constant currency growth at CooperVision during the quarter and year-to-date. Our family of products, Biofinity, Avaira, Proclear 1 Day and now 1 Day single-use silicone, as well as, in woman's healthcare, our global fertility products, are all promising growth going forward. We continue to execute well and invest in geographic expansion in the new product pipeline. While we are still early with our expansion program in each of the BRIC countries, and there are challenges in each, I am very pleased with our progress to date. Our women's health care franchise has now become more global with the Origio acquisition made 1 year ago. We remain keenly focused on delivering consistently improving results mindful of our desire to invest and leverage prudently, thereby delivering a respectable total shareholder return. And lastly, as always, a reminder that at Cooper, our #1 asset is our employees. To them, a big thank you for consistently delivering great results. And now, here's Greg.
Gregory W. Matz: Thanks, Bob, and good afternoon, everyone. Bob shared with you a pretty thorough review of the market and our revenue picture. Let me start with gross margins. Looking at gross margins in Q2, the consolidated GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins were 66.2% compared with 64% for GAAP and non-GAAP in Q2 last year. We continue to see strong headwinds due to the impact of foreign exchange, predominantly the yen, on our revenue and the related direct impact on gross margins, which had just over a 100 basis point impact on the quarter. In addition, Avaira is successfully relaunching. And as we've discussed in prior quarters, Avaira does have a lower-than-company-average gross margin. Also, our new single-use silicone lens creates some margin pressure as we start to bring it to market. Finally, we also continue to see mix impact due to Origio, which we acquired in July 2012. Despite these headwinds, we continue to run favorable margins well above 60% due to a reduced CIBA royalty, strong product mix led by Biofinity and increased manufacturing efficiencies. CooperVision, on a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis, reported a gross margin of 66.6% versus 63.3% for GAAP and non-GAAP in Q2 last year. As I just mentioned, CooperVision's gross margin was negatively impacted by FX, largely the weakening of the yen, as well as, on a much smaller scale, the success of Avaira as it relaunches into the market. We continue to be excited about Avaira, as it opens up the 2-week silicone market, especially in the U.S., which we were not addressing effectively last year at this time. As Bob mentioned, the Avaira family continued to grow above 50% year-over-year. Factors driving the year-over-year gross margin improvement were the reduction of our royalty expense, product mix and manufacturing efficiencies. CooperSurgical had a gross margin of 64.5%, which compares to Q2 '12 of 68%. Excluding Origio, gross margin would have been 66.7%. CooperSurgical continues to experience the same industry headwinds of lower office visits and fewer procedures being done that other medical device companies have recently reported. Now looking at operating expenses. SG&A in the quarter. SG&A expenses increased by 10% from Q2 last year to $150.7 million and were 39% of revenue versus 40% of revenue in the prior year. The majority of this growth was Origio's, since we had no Origio SG&A in the prior year. We had about $700,000 of medical device excise tax in the quarter that hit SG&A. We expect about $2.6 million in 2013. Our SG&A was basically flat sequentially. Now looking at R&D. In Q2, R&D increased by approximately 11% year-over-year to $14.5 million or up about $1.5 million. Excluding Origio, R&D would have increased approximately 3%. R&D was 3.8% of revenue, comparable to Q2 '12 and up from 3.6% sequentially. As we discussed in the prior quarter, we would expect that R&D will continue to grow slightly faster than sales during the fiscal year. Depreciation, amortization. Q2 depreciation was $23.4 million, up $1.9 million or 9% year-over-year, and amortization was $7.5 million, up $2.2 million or 43% year-over-year, for a total of $30.9 million. Origio amortization for the quarter was approximately $2 million. Moving to operating margins. For Q2, consolidated GAAP and non-GAAP operating income and margin were $81.5 million or 21.2% of revenue versus $65.4 million or 19% of revenue in Q2 '12. This represents a 24.5% increase in operating income over Q2 '12. The increase in operating margin is primarily due to the overall gross margin improvement I mentioned earlier. Interest expense. Interest expense is $2.4 million for the quarter, down 20% year-over-year. Looking at the effective tax rate, in Q2, the GAAP and non-GAAP effective tax rate was 4.4% and 5.5%, respectively, versus Q2 '12 GAAP and non-GAAP effective tax rate of 12.4%. As we've discussed before, the effective tax rate continues to be below the U.S. statutory rate; the majority of our income is earned in foreign jurisdictions with lower tax rates. In Q2, the single biggest factor impacting our effective tax rate was the favorable settlement of a multi-year foreign tax authority audit, which reduced the quarterly rates by about 400 basis points. So our 5.5% non-GAAP rate would have been 9.5% without this. We now expect the full year GAAP effective tax rate to be in the range of 6% to 8% and the non-GAAP effective tax rate to be in the range of 7% to 9%. When thinking about these ranges, our future effective tax rate, remember that there were some nonrecurring items so far this year, including the settlement I just mentioned, and the multiple years of R&D tax credit, which was renewed in Q1. These will amount to roughly a 150 basis points improvement in the effective tax rate this year. The other driver in the lower effective tax rate is a reduction to CIBA royalty, which increased offshore profits, which we will continue to see going forward. Turning to earnings per share. Our Q2 earnings per share on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis was $1.52 and $1.50, respectively, versus $1.12 on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis in Q2 '12. EPS is up 36% and 34% on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis respectively versus the prior year. On share repurchases, there was no share repurchase activity in Q2. Turning to FX. Now while currencies have continued to be volatile, the primary impact to us, as Bob had mentioned, has been the yen movement. We have seen the yen decrease 18% year-over-year and over 5% from our Q1 earnings call. On a year-over-year basis, we absorbed a negative FX impact in Q2 of $0.18. As we look at the remainder of the year, we continue to see headwinds with the yen. Assuming today's rates, we see an additional $5.5 million negative impact on revenues from the last earnings call. Although we have operating expense offsets from our overseas operations and eventually offsets in cost of goods sold for pound-based inventory and, to a much lesser extent, yen-based raw material purchases, we estimate that this negative revenue impact will amount to an approximately $0.07 impact on EPS for the second half. Just FYI, the FX rates we're using, because the yen has been all over the place just today alone, is the euro at $1.32 and the yen at JPY 98. Balance sheet and liquidity items. In Q2, we had cash provided by operations of $114.9 million, capital expenditures of $38.2 million and an insurance recovery at $700,000, resulting in $77.4 million of free cash flow, which included approximately $11 million from the payment for business interruption insurance. Total debt decreased within the quarter by $87.5 million to $320.5 million. Debt as a percent of total capitalization is now 12%. Inventories increased by $13.9 million to $339.3 million from last quarter. For the quarter, we are seeing months on hand at 7.8 months, up from a months on hand of 6.9 months last year and up from 7 months last quarter. The increase is primarily due to the increase in inventory for silicone and daily products as well as the reduction of the CIBA royalty, which reduces cost of goods sold and has the effect of raising months on hand. Accounts receivable continues to be well managed, with DSOs at 54 days up slightly from 53 days last year but down from 58 days at the end of last quarter. Now turning to guidance. As Bob mentioned, we revised fiscal 2013 guidance. Total company revenue is now expected to be in the range of $1.575 billion to $1.605 billion, or a year-over-year growth of 9% 11%. We expect CooperVision revenue in the range of $1.26 billion to $1.28 billion, or year-over-year growth of 6% to 8%. This equates to a constant currency growth of 9% to 11%. For the second half, we would expect CooperVision to grow 7% to 10% on a constant currency basis. We expect CooperSurgical revenue in the range of $315 million to $325 million, with a year-over-year growth of 23% to 27%. And we expect non-GAAP gross margin to be in the range of 65% to 65.5% and non-GAAP operating margin to be in the range of 21% to 22%. We expect interest expense of $9.5 million to $10.5 million and, as previously mentioned, non-GAAP effective tax rate of 7% to 9%. Our GAAP earnings per share is estimated in the range of $6.42 to $6.52 and excludes the impact of the potential Aime transaction. Our new -- our non-GAAP earnings per share is estimated in the range of $6.15 to $6.25, this being based on diluted share count of 49.6 million shares. Finally, we expect capital expenditures for the year of $200 million to $250 million, free cash flow of $170 million to $200 million. With that, let me turn it back to Kim for the Q&A session.
Kim Duncan: Operator, we're ready to take some questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line from Kim Gailun from JPMorgan.
Kimberly Weeks Gailun - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I guess the first question, maybe just on Biofinity. You had another really solid quarter, and you're at a place now where silicone hydrogel as a percentage of CooperVision sales is pretty close to on par with where we think the industry is. I've always thought that Cooper, because you're underindexed in dailies, should actually be able to go higher than the industry. But I think it would be helpful just to kind of walk through what you see as the runway for Biofinity from here and maybe Avaira, so silicone hydrogel as a family, and then as you bring in the daily.
Robert S. Weiss: Okay, Kim. As far as we're concerned, Biofinity, which is approaching a $100 million -- $500 million run rate product line with solid double-digit growth, still has a lot of runway left. And as I mentioned in my comments, a lot of that runway still has to do with Japan and the rest of the world, where this product obviously is viewed in a very special league within silicone hydrogel lenses. And I think there's no reason to think that it won't continue to perform very well, albeit off of a much higher base, going forward in the monthly -- particularly in the monthly modality. Avaira, of course, is just really getting going. It took a couple of years to get Avaira Toric aligned so we can see the halo effect of Avaira Toric with the Avaira Sphere line. I mentioned that it grew as a family off of a -- granted, a much smaller base, more than 50% on a year-over-year basis. So we're pleased with the momentum it's starting to develop. So I kind of look at each -- how are they going to do in each modality? We have a good entre in monthly with Biofinity, and that will continue to do well. Probably the non-growth factor globally or the one that will grow the least is 2-week modality, but it is a huge opportunity where we're underindexed. And then, of course, the real growth right now from the point of view of the overall lens industry is the 1 Day modality, sponsored partly by the U.S., where it's doing extremely well. In that area, revenue has gone in the industry from 11% 3 years ago to well over 20% now. We think between Proclear 1 Day and now MyDay, we have good entres in that area. But when I think about it, I kind of think of the way we present the CLI data in the back of our release. We're gaining share on all fronts right now. I don't care if you look at modality, I don't care if you look at geographic areas, and I don't care if you look at types of lenses, which unfortunately, we weren't able to present this go-around because the Contact Lens Institute has kind of suppressed some data, which doesn't allow us to be able to tell you what the industry did. But ourselves, we did very well, as you can see. Can't really tell you how, but we think we're covering all fronts pretty effectively, and we'll gain share pretty effectively. And that translates to expecting good growth out of Biofinity in the monthly, Avaira in the 2-week and Proclear 1 Day and MyDay in the 1 Day.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson from Robert Baird.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Bob, I was wondering if I can start with a couple of margin questions, I guess. First on MyDay, from your press release on MyDay today, it sounds like it's going to have a lower silicone content. It sounds like the Dk is going to be 80 on that lens. Wondering what that means from your ability to reduce the alcohol content, how that might help margins scale a little faster in that product if you can get some of the alcohol out quicker, and just maybe an update on what gross margin for that product is -- has been doing here over the last few months since you last updated.
Robert S. Weiss: Well, you're right in your focus on that in gross margins. MyDay, initially, like many of our new-launched products, will have marginal profits. We have moved into a profit mode, but we have a long way to go. We have, as a matter of now being 7 or 8 years into silicone hydrogel production, gotten better and better with even products that include the alcohol in the manufacturing process. While that's not an end point in the sense of we expect someday to have alcohol -- potentially alcohol removed from certain silicone hydrogel products, that may be different families of products. But for now, these products, Biofinity, Avaira and MyDay, do use alcohol in production and are -- will likely do so in the future for at least the indefinite future. As far as expectation, we were able to move the needle real far with Biofinity since we did a startup. And when we started up Biofinity, it in fact had 0 gross margins. Today, it has gross margins well in excess of the top end of our -- let's say, well into the 70s. And that obviously plays well from the point of view of our gross margin mix, given it's growing off of a high base. 1 Day has a long way to go in terms of waiting, being a significant waiting factor. And in our case, the start-up process with lead time on equipment is fairly extensive, 12 to 18 months, and that's not only us, but our competitors that are ramping up over the next several years. So by the time we get to where it's meaningful, we would expect to have improved gross margins for MyDay similar to what we've done with our other 1 Day, which is Proclear 1 Day.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And if I can just ask a quick follow-up on the margin front, Greg, I guess for you. CVI gross margin, it sounds like if I x out the currency, the yen weakness and what have you, gross margins for CVI would have been up 400 to 500 basis points this quarter year-over-year. Obviously, the lower royalty has the biggest contribution there or a big contribution there, I'd assume. But even back of the envelope -- I know you won't tell us what the royalty came down to, but back of the envelope, it seems like, to me, that was maybe 150, 200 basis points. Where is that other 200 to 300 basis points of gross margin improvement coming on a constant currency basis for CVI?
Robert S. Weiss: Let me jump on part of that. With Biofinity being the magnitude of product it is in our portfolio and with it having the very attractive gross margins that I mentioned, with or without the royalty, no matter how you view that calculation, it is a driver of our gross margins. Number one, it's a multi-modality, so it's easier to have high gross margins in the monthly modality. It's good to have a product of that caliber that I mentioned is annualizing close to $500 million a year. So by far, it is driving a lot of what we're seeing in CooperVision in terms of gross margins. Incrementally, when you look across all the other lines even -- and even considering mix, we are lowering cost on pretty much all fronts. Whether it's the 1 Day modality, the 2-week modality or the monthly modality, costs are coming down in parallel with that balancing mix, if you will, of products. And now, Greg, by all means, go ahead.
Gregory W. Matz: No, I think, Bob, that's a good summary. I mean, Jeff, you obviously know our sensitivity of protecting the confidentiality of the agreement that we have. I think I covered the key factors that are really driving it. One is a strong product mix, as Bob said, led by Biofinity. Manufacturing efficiencies, as you know, Fernando, as our Manufacturing Vice President who handles all our operations, has done a fabulous job over the last 5 years of improving his team, improving the efficiency in the factory, and that has helped drive up margins. And obviously then, the other big piece is the royalty, which we can't really go into more detail on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Cooley from Stephens.
Christopher C. Cooley - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Bob, I was just wondering if you could talk to us a little bit about how you see the single-use silicone market evolving going forward, in particular with the company's decision to go with a low -- lower-content -- or I should say, lower-Dk version versus many of the competitive offerings, just how you see the U.S. market shaping up for that over time?
Robert S. Weiss: Well, I think I've frequently said that the market today is a niche market. It's probably in the neighborhood of $300 million, $300 million to $350 million, maybe as high as $400 million but certainly not above that worldwide with the dominant portion of that coming out of Japan, where J&J has TruEye. In the U.S., it's been hitting its head somewhat on the ceiling of the type of wares because of the current price points of 1 Day silicone hydrogel lenses. As long as the price points are where they are, there is some limitation in many of the markets around the world. So that's a factor. Having said that, you have all the 3 majors, if you will, spending a lot of energy developing that market. Why? Because number one, trading into a 1 Day is worth 400% to 600% more revenue per patient. U.S. is ripe for that. And so there's a want to solve the 1 Day riddle in the U.S. And concurrently, while you're migrating people into the 1 Day modality, give them the option of a silicone hydrogel since so much of the market today -- I'd say it's about half and half now. Almost half of the market in revenue dollars is silicone hydrogel, half if non-silicone -- is hydrogel. So we've got a market split, and there is a lot of eye care professionals that want a silicone hydrogel 1 Day option, and they'll try to move the mark with that. We going to be there. We're going to be a meaningful player there. And I think with the energy of the industry, the 3 majors in that area, they'll move the needle. And this will not be a niche product, 3 years, 4 years, 5 years down the road.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo.
Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: So on guidance, can you help tease out the reduction by $10 million for CooperVision and for CooperSurgical? How much of that was FX? How much of that was operational? And on the gross margin, I heard the guidance for the full year, but you can -- can you talk a bit about what you expect for the third and fourth quarter from here? 66.2%, I think, in the second quarter. I guess, my question is, can you -- do you think it will improve sequentially from here throughout the year? And lastly, Bob, did you see the same effect this quarter as you saw last year where April was soft but May bounced back?
Robert S. Weiss: All right. The first one, and I'll let Greg add to anything I miss. On the reduction on the top end of the range by $10 million, the majority, clearly, for Vision was FX. For Surgical, there is, as depicted by the second quarter results, some softness being experienced. I think that's consistent with what we've seen in the industry, be it all the competitors in the space have commented on the softness on the office side of equipment and instruments right now. So there's some of that built the experience of the second quarter rolling into the full year results on the surgical side. As far as gross margins, where they are, do we expect sequential or it's going to go directionally? Generally, ballpark, the same. So that would kind of weed out to the guidance that Greg gave you. As far as the last year event, which you're absolutely correct was a very weak last week, last 2 weeks of April and a lot of that slipping into May, we didn't see that phenomenon develop this year. It's a more normalized cycle, if you will, with May starting out, which is built into our guidance, fine, not having any windfall compared to the prior year, which was kind of a flip-flop between the second and -- the second 2 weeks -- or the last 2 weeks of April slipping somewhat into May. Greg, I don't know if there was anything you wanted to add to that?
Gregory W. Matz: No, Bob. I think you...
Operator: Your our next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch from BMO Capital Markets.
Joanne K. Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just for some clarification, does your lower revenue include or exclude Aime at this stage?
Robert S. Weiss: Great question. The answer is Aime is built into those revenue numbers.
Joanne K. Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Built in meaning you've pulled it out or is still included?
Robert S. Weiss: No, it's included. It's included.
Joanne K. Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. I thought you were selling portions of it and therefore, we should be taking that out, no?
Robert S. Weiss: I'll let Greg talk to the technical accounting discussion in that area.
Gregory W. Matz: So I think right now, our intention is to sell it. We have been -- we have somebody that we've signed an agreement with. There's still some closing conditions that are still to be achieved. And once we have cleared those closing conditions, at that point, we would treat that -- we would treat it as a sale on the accounting side. So at this point, because those closing conditions are still open, we have not -- we're still treating it as usual going forward.
Joanne K. Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And my second question is, could you please comment on the price point for the MyDay lens? And remind us, is this a sphere lens coming out, and then when we should expect a toric?
Robert S. Weiss: It is -- from a price point, point of view, we're really not going to get into that. Particularly, there's going to be a want for an element of surprise, if you will, on what we're ultimately going to do there in the U.S. market. It is not shortly, near term, going to be in the U.S. market. That's more 2014, sometime, calendar year. As far as when we expect a toric in that space, I think, given the manufacturing constraints that the industry will have in many of the areas, anyway, it's a ways down the road. Nothing imminent. It's initially going to be a sphere for at least the next several years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew O'Brien from William Blair.
Matthew O'Brien - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I was hoping to just tease out gross margin a little bit more. I know you guys don't want to talk about the royalty, but can you just give us a sense for -- you still have some headwinds out there on Avaira. When do you anticipate that headwind will dissipate somewhat? Aime, can you just quantify what the benefit of selling that business would do to the gross margin line? And then, Bob, you made a bunch of comments on manufacturing going forward, some areas that you think you can benefit as well. Just what do you think the opportunity is with those programs? And then, Greg, just to clarify on the tax rate side. I think, historically, you've been around 10% of an effective tax rate. Are you saying that with the royalty lessening, that you think that tax rate may decrease something around 100 basis points going forward, or how should we frame that?
Robert S. Weiss: All right. That was a lot. Avaira, going forward, we continue to improve the platform we are manufacturing on. I might say there's somewhat a game of "musical equipment" going on right now in the Avaira family and in the MyDay family, if you will, all of which is kind of pointed in a direction that will improve the end point together with the equipment that is on order that, let's say, similar to Biofinity, where we had first generation of equipment that, in the case of Biofinity, was put in the museum, the first 2 pieces of equipment; we're not going to be there with Avaira, but I would say there are -- we clearly know there are improvements we can make to -- modification to future equipment we're buying that will reduce cost of goods. So both on the Avaira front as well as on the MyDay front, that platform is similar, if you will. In terms of Aime, I would -- I'll defer to Greg on the implications of gross margins will improve without it. I don't know if you have any specifics.
Gregory W. Matz: No, it's pretty small. They will improve because it was definitely below our average gross margin. But again, Aime is a relatively small piece of our overall business. So you'll see an uptick. I don't know that it would be that notable.
Robert S. Weiss: As far as manufacturing going forward, I mentioned, among other things, cycle times. I mentioned in the past that we do have a desire to get alcohol out of a lot of production in the area of silicone hydrogel lenses. That is a -- when you I talk about R&D, that clearly is D work that we continue to work on in terms of getting alcohol either diminished and/or removed in certain silicone hydrogel products in the future. In the area of other cost reductions over time, we did announce that -- I mentioned last quarter that we are expanding our third site into Costa Rica. Costa Rica is an area where a platform there would allow for lower-cost manufacturing, so certain products would be more conducive to lower labor rates, if you will. Right now, we're in locations that are far from lower labor rates compared to a global perspective. So factors like that as we grow our business will come into play that will help future gross margin trends. Effect of -- is there a comment on taxes, Greg?
Gregory W. Matz: Yes. So Matt, we're a little early for guidance, but I think it's a fair question. If you look at the guidance we gave for the rest of this year, we said 7% to 9%, in that range. I'd also mentioned there's probably 150 basis points or a little more of what I'd consider nonrecurring kind of expenses. So we, obviously, don't expect to run next year at the 7% to 9% range. The guidance will be higher than that. But if you take that 150-plus basis points and add it to our guidance range, it probably gives you -- it gets you in the right direction. Again, we'll determine guidance as we get farther in the year. The other big thing we didn't mention, real specifically, is it really does have an impact on your geographic distribution of income, and that changes and revolves over time. So when we go to give guidance for next year, that will be the thing that we'll be looking at to help -- that also will impact the rate for next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby from Cleveland Research.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company: A question on the impact from currency. Greg, I think you said for the back half of the year, you're thinking currency is going to negatively impact EPS by an incremental $0.07. For the second quarter that you just reported, how much of a negative impact was it relative to what you guys were thinking 3 months ago?
Gregory W. Matz: 3 months ago, it was about $0.035.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company: So about a $0.10 headwind altogether, then, for the year? Is that right?
Gregory W. Matz: I'm sorry. Say that again, Steve? I missed that.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company: I guess, so you're now expecting an incremental $0.07 from FX?
Gregory W. Matz: From the last guidance, yes.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company: Right. So I guess, how much of a negative impact was there from FX just on the second quarter relative to a your guidance 3 months ago?
Gregory W. Matz: Yes, I think since March 8, that would be right. The $0.035 plus the $0.07. Yes, $0.105.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. Got you. And then just my second question was you were able to hold your SG&A dollars relatively flat despite an increase in revenue. How likely are you guys going to be able to do that over the rest of the year?
Robert S. Weiss: I think, to some degree, foreign exchange, just like it hit our top line, certainly hits operating cost, minimizes operating cost somewhat. We are continuing in our venture of geographic expansion, so that's kind of a push. Suffice to say that I think in the guidance, we're giving 21% to 22% OI that we're expecting improving -- some improving ratios in the back 6.
Gregory W. Matz: And also remember, too, we purchased Origio in July last year. So once you start hitting July, you'll have a more even apples-to-apples comparison year-over-year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lawrence Keusch from Raymond James.
Lawrence S. Keusch - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I guess, 2 questions for Greg. First, on the free cash flow. Obviously, you maintained the guidance of $170 million, $200 million, yet you brought up your EPS guidance. So if you could just help me understand why that's -- why that guidance is staying the same. And the second question is you indicated that you did not buy back any stock in the quarter. So if you can remind us again what you got outstanding under the share repurchase authorization and really how you're thinking about how you tackle that share repurchase.
Gregory W. Matz: Okay, on the share purchase, let me just -- we have currently outstanding on that is approximately $185 million on the program. And again, I think we will continue to just kind of run that program like we've run it over the last year or so. And there will be opportunities where we believe that it makes sense based on where the stock is at. From a -- the other question you were asking...
Lawrence S. Keusch - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Free cash flow.
Gregory W. Matz: The free cash flow. Yes.
Lawrence S. Keusch - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Yes, why is it just maintained?
Gregory W. Matz: I think there's still, from our perspective, a lot happening with the equipment purchases that we're talking about. The CapEx number is a big number. We're looking at the opportunity of moving capital purchases up in order to get the key equipment that we want for our growth in the future. And so, at this point in time, we feel comfortable just leaving the range where it was at as we watch some of that CapEx start to be processed.
Robert S. Weiss: Yes, I think the incremental earnings, if you will, in the context of the size of that number, is more rounding. It wouldn't move the needle that much. And some of those items that have caused the incremental earnings, specifically in the tax area, are more noncash events.
Lawrence S. Keusch - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Got it. And just so we're calibrated, CapEx for the year, how are we thinking about that?
Gregory W. Matz: $200 million to $250 million is the range we're giving.
Operator: And next question comes from the line of Amit Bhalla from Citi.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Greg, 2 questions. First, on the gross margin. As you look to the remainder of the year, I think you said -- or Bob may have said that you expect the gross margin to stay kind of at the current level of 66%. Help me understand why that's not improving. I think from what you're saying so far, it does sound like there should be gross margin improvement into -- in the second half of the year. And secondly, on the tax in the quarter, I think if I heard you right, you said there was kind of onetime impact. Why wasn't that excluded? Why didn't you take the benefit, which we calculate at about $0.09, in the quarter?
Robert S. Weiss: Let me take both of those. First of all, on the gross margin going forward, the 66.2% that we had on the second quarter, as you look forward, with our expectation of the rollout of MyDay and a more robust Avaira family, those are factors that will, in both cases, work against on mix. So it's as much as anything has to do with mix as opposed to our cost of goods headed down or any other factor. Having said that, we continue to expect Biofinity to be doing well, but there's going to be a lot of growth in, let's say, that 1 Day modality in our estimation. As far as the tax, the reason it's not called out is, quite frankly, if you look at us over the last 10, 15 years, we have had those events fairly routinely. And in our effective tax rate, we continue to set up these reserves. These reserves are coming out of ordinary effective tax rate. They are set up there where we think it's appropriate. And then the ultimate determination is made when either there is a settlement or discussion with a tax jurisdiction or a statute is barred or removed after a period of time. So that play is part of our operating business and our operating model. And we have never quoted, nor would we, the portion of what we're accruing that is in our effective tax rates that we're giving you.
Gregory W. Matz: Just to add to that, too. In that settlement, we actually had said 2 years. One thing that was unusual and what caused that number to get bigger than it was is the fact that normally, they would have closed down 1 year last year. And what happened is, at the end of their audit last year, they held the year open and went on to the next year, which was a little unusual. And so they waited to close out both years together, and so we get kind of a double hit, so to speak, in the current year. The other thing on the gross margins also still that would be the yen is still moving against us. We continue to have that. So keeping the margins relatively flat over the next couple of quarters is still absorbing extra yen-based impact.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our question-and-answer session for today's conference. I would now like to turn the call over to Bob Weiss for closing remarks.
Robert S. Weiss: Thank you. And I want to thank everyone for joining us today. Hopefully, you're -- were as pleased with our quarter as I was in delivering the results, and I look forward to updating everyone on the progress we're making on our next call, which is on September 5, right after the Labor Day weekend. So until then, have a pleasant summer. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-03-07 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Kim Duncan - Senior Director of Investor Relations Robert S. Weiss - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Science & Technology Committee Gregory W. Matz - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President
Analysts: Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Lawrence S. Keusch - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Joanne K. Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Kimberly Weeks Gailun - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company Christopher C. Cooley - Stephens Inc., Research Division Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Kaila Krum Anthony Petrone - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2013 The Cooper Companies Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Sheverly, and I'll be your conference operator for today. [Operator Instructions] Today's event is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Ms. Kim Duncan, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon, and welcome to The Cooper Companies First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. I'm Kim Duncan, Senior Director of Investor Relations. And joining me on today's call are Bob Weiss, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Matz, Chief Financial Officer; and Al White, Chief Strategic Officer. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market conditions and integration of any acquisitions. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainty. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward-Looking Statements in today's earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including the section -- the business section of Cooper's annual report on Form 10-K. These are publicly available and on request from the company's Investor Relations department. Now before I turn the call over to Bob, let me comment on the agenda for the call. Bob will begin by providing some highlights on the quarter, followed by Greg, who will then discuss the first quarter financial results. We will keep the formal presentation to roughly 30 minutes and then open the call for questions. We expect the call to last approximately 1 hour. [Operator Instructions] Should you have any additional questions, please call our Investor line at (925) 460-3663 or email ir@cooperco.com. As a reminder, this call is being webcast and a copy of the earnings release is available through the Investor Relations section of The Cooper Companies' website. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Bob for his opening remarks.
Robert S. Weiss: Thank you, Kim, and good afternoon and evening to everyone. Another solid quarter with a good start to the new year, top line growth of 16%, 11% in organic constant currency. Capital earnings per share was $1.50, up 34%, which includes $14 million of business interruption. Non-GAAP EPS was $1.23, up $0.11 or 10%, and our free cash flow was $19.2 million for the quarter and that brings our trailing 12-month free cash flow to $226 million. Some highlights and key events. During the quarter, we successfully amended our CIBA, Alcon royalty agreement, giving updated guidance, factoring in investments and some foreign exchange, or the yen if you will, through December 21, 2012. We also successfully concluded our business interruption insurance process, receiving another $14 million in payments. While the stock market sputtered to begin the New Year, we affected the repurchase of 450,000 of our own shares using $44 million of cash. Our Origio acquisition got off to a good start, with revenues of $20 million or 24% growth. Our silicone hydrogel family, including the recent relaunch of our 2-week Avaira Toric, is humming up 38% in constant currency and now accounts for 40% of our CVI revenue. Our balance sheet, even after the $44 million buyback, remains strong with debt to cap of 15%. On sales, our silicone hydrogel family continues to drive results. During Q1, our silicone hydrogel family contributed -- continued to drive our top line and bottom line results. Silicone hydrogel revenues were $120 million. Our silicone hydrogel family grew 38% in constant currency. The family now encompasses 40% of CVI revenues. The rollout of Biofinity Toric into Japan and the expected halo effect on the Biofinity Sphere, overall, Biofinity in Japan more than tripled. The relaunch of Avaira Toric is having the expected halo effect on the Avaira family of 2-weeks silicone hydrogel lenses. Overall, Avaira is up over 50% in constant currency worldwide. We continued our confirmatory rollout of our single-use silicone still small [ph]. We believe several years down the road, as cost come down and prices to the consumer get lowered, that silicone hydrogel in the 1 Day modality will become more than what it is today which is a niche. In fact, as you will notice from our revised guidance on free cash flow, we have reduced forecasted free cash flow, reflecting our accelerated plans in this arena. We have now moved from confirmatory phase and are taking steps to accommodate a global rollout already in multiple continents. I might add that capital expenditures in 2013, 2014 is not expected to lower our 5-year objective of $1.3 billion in free cash flow. Geographically, foreign exchange headwinds continue affecting our CooperVision results, impacting the top line by 2% in the quarter. Excluding foreign exchange, CooperVision constant currency growth was 14%. Last year, it was the euro. This year, it's the yen. With over $200 million in revenues in Japan, this is obviously having an impact not only on revenues, but also on our gross profit percent and operating margin percent. Even with this nuisance, our results are solid. Regionally, we have put up solid constant currency growth in all accounts. America is up 18%; EMEA, up 7% constant currency; Asia Pac, 17%; and overall, as I indicated, 14%. Our growth drivers are, in the Americas, trading up to Biofinity, including the halo effect of Biofinity Multifocal, with the entire family doing well. Also, well off of a small base Proclear 1 Day and the Avaira Toric and family are significant contributors. EMEA right now, currency is neutral. Driving our 7% growth in the region is the entire Biofinity family and Proclear 1 Days, while single-use silicone is still only a small contributor. Asia Pac, while foreign exchange took its toll on a GAAP revenue basis, which was up 10%, our constant currency growth in revenue was up 17%. Drivers here: the Biofinity family, especially with the halo effect of Biofinity Toric; the Proclear 1 Day; as well as single-use torics. Looking at the soft contact lens market. In the fourth quarter of 2012, it was up 5% in constant currency, while CooperVision was up 10%. For the calendar year, the soft contact lens market now, $7.3 billion worldwide was up 5% also on constant currency. CooperVision was up 11% on the strength of Biofinity and the 1 Day -- Proclear 1 Day product. For the calendar quarter, market growth was sponsored by the 1 Day market, multifocals and torics. While CLI or Contact Lens Institute has now stopped reporting the growth of silicone hydrogel material, most likely the trade-up material remains solid growth material. CooperVision was up 38% in constant currency in the first quarter of '13. And at CooperVision, silicone hydrogel now represents 40% of our revenue. The soft contact lens market continues to be a trade-up market. This includes 2 premium products: silicone hydrogel lenses, torics and multifocals. A trade-up of silicone hydrogel is in the 20% to 40% range. And importantly, a trade-up to the 1 Day disposable expands patient revenue by 400% to 600%. Even more importantly, the 1 Day wear generates 300% to 500% more profit. Also, it's important to understand that torics and multifocals have a long way to go in capturing the market opportunities, especially outside the United States. Geographically, the strength of the Americas, up 5%; and Asia Pac, up 6%. During the final quarter of 2012 carried a weak EMEA, which was only up 2%. Overall, the market was up 5% for the quarter, at the midpoint of our 4% to 6% expectations. CooperSurgical, our women's health care franchise turned in $78 million in revenue on the strength of more than $20 million of revenue contributed by Origio. CooperSurgical was up 37%. We were very pleased with the Origio revenue of 20%, up $20 million, which was up 24% over the comparable prior period. I might add, if we were to have owned the Origio business at the beginning of the prior year, our constant currency growth at Cooper would have been 12% while our women's health care growth would have grown at 7%. Aside from IVF or fertility, if you will, which now accounts for 30% of CooperSurgical revenue, our surgical procedures continue to perform near double-digit growth. Overall, CooperSurgical now accounts for 20% of Cooper, with a solid gross margin and operating margins and very little CapEx requirements that translates to outstanding cash flow. While we have a fair amount of work to do in further leveraging our most recent acquisition, we will continue to focus on other things to buy that either fit the GYN office setting, IVF or surgical procedures. Looking at guidance. We updated our guidance in late December following the amendment to our CIBA, Alcon royalty agreement. While the exact change has not been disclosed for contractual and competitive reasons, our revised guidance reflected several factors: the revised royalty; certain investment decisions; and the impact to foreign exchange, most notably the yen through December 20. The yen, which was at JPY 84 on December 20, has continued to soften and is now at JPY 93 to the dollar. With an excess $200 million in sales in Japan, this 1% further drop is a considerable headwind, impacting revenue, gross profit percentages, as well as operating margins. Our new guidance reflects the strength and progress of our product portfolio, market share gains, favorable impact of our buyback of 460,000 shares of stocks and the favorable Q1 results. We are pleased to take up the bottom of our revenue and EPS ranges in spite of foreign exchange challenges we, like many other global companies, are currently experiencing. On strategy, we are continuing with our successful strategy, which I've frequently articulated in the past. We believe it is solid, and it has delivered results. CooperSurgical is putting up outstanding results and is leveraging its infrastructure. This franchise was built with a solid understanding of the value of critical mass in a women's health care market, targeting the OB/GYNs. We follow the professional wherever they go, office, surgi center hospital or IVF centers. Although the call points are different for each, the leverage is considerable. CooperSurgical's Q1 '13 gross profit was 64%. Operating margins were 19%. And due to minimal CapEx requirements, CooperSurgical was a significant contributor to free cash flow. We are dedicated to the strategy, and we'll continue tuck-in acquisitions, as well as acquisitions outside the U.S. to leverage the CooperSurgical structure and products. At CooperVision, the strategy is much more complicated, reflecting the fact that it's global in nature also. In the $7.3 billion soft contact lens industry, because of the uniqueness of our manufacturing platform and product portfolio, we are the only participant that can aggressively promote silicone hydrogel and non-silicone hydrogel, that is the Proclear family. We can emphasize branded and non-branded products. Note, private label does not mean lower operating margins. We actively promote and specialize in custom lenses, with a high gross profit percent, of course. We support all modalities that the eye care professional promotes, 1 Day, 2 week, as well as monthly lenses. And we support all types of lenses, spheres, torics and multifocals, with close to 30% share on the high-growth specialty lens categories, torics and multifocal. It is acknowledged by eye care professionals that we are pretty good at specialty contact lenses. Few would challenge why the success at Biofinity Toric for stigmatism. Put a great design together with a great material and great things can happen. We have seen similar successes for the same reason that Biofinity Multifocal would shift to market in the middle of calendar year 2011. On the capacity front, with the exception of Avaira Toric, we are ahead of plan to deliver considerable more product where we have been previously supply constrained, The Biofinity family, Proclear 1 Day, our 1 Day Torics, are all in good capacity shape. Our newest challenge will be to ramp up 1 Day silicone hydrogel as yet a niche market. On pricing, we, like the rest of the soft contact lens industry, have a trade-up strategy. Our new wearers and existing wearers are targeted for silicone hydrogel lenses, the Proclear family and the 1 Day and single-use lenses. Each creates more revenue per wear. A 1 Day modality, for example, results in 4x to 6x more revenue per wear. While this strategy sacrifices the gross margin percent, it generally creates 3x to 5x more profit per wear. Of course, this strategy competes head-on with the lens care space since we are shifting the wear resources from lens care contact lenses only. Competing for lens care dollars is more of a problem for some of our competitors. In my opinion, we continue to be the most focused company in the industry, lacking many of the distractions that some of our competitors are now going through. I might add, with Biofinity, Avaira and Proclear, we have a lot of talk about with eye care professionals all around the world. As we look down the road over the next several years, we expect to continue improving operating margins and delivering above-average shareholder returns. We expect to continue to average double-digit earnings per share growth while investing in geographic expansion and new product developments. In today's market, we have a solid product portfolio to leverage in all modalities, multiple materials, all lens types, and we retain our expertise to emphasize customizing the lenses for the 10% to 20% of those lens wearers requiring other than the standard lens sizes and/or designs. We have a lot of work to do before we come anywhere close to having exploited our #1 contact lens family, Biofinity. This is particularly true when it comes to geographic expansion and fully developing the Biofinity family of torics and multifocals around world. The same applies to Avaira, where the Avaira Sphere has anxiously awaited the relaunch of Avaira Toric. The combination will put us in a much better position to exploit the U.S. 2-week space owned by Johnson & Johnson and to also exploit our private label strategy more aggressively with this family. While we already have pretty respectable gross and operating margins from a cost perspective, we have considerable upside yet to be fully developed. Upside includes the complete elimination of the silicone hydrogel royalty, with the expiration of patents in September 2004 -- 2014, rather, in the United States and March 2016 in the rest of the world. The reduction of our manufacturing cost by, among other things, improving mode molding cycle time, increasing capacity utilization and improving yields in general. Each of these are key goals to us. Also, given the considerable amount of free cash flow we generate, we will continue to look for tuck-in acquisitions and geographic expansion opportunities, like Origio, in our 2 businesses. The key requirements, however, is that they must exceed our minimum investment hurdle rates. They must achieve over time a hurdle rate that exceeds 10%. Additionally, the markets for our women's health care and soft contact lenses are much less developed outside the United States. We generate a considerable amount of cash flow offshore due in part to our level of manufacturing outside the United States. As such, we will continue to aggressively invest in global expansion opportunity. With over 95% of the people on the planet outside United States, we believe we will find opportunities to invest in other countries for decades to come, thereby, retaining our low effective tax rate indefinitely. Finally, we again demonstrated we are opportunistically willing to go into the market and buy our stock at certain times. In summary, before I turn it over to Greg, let me say how pleased I am with our ongoing progress. We continue to outperform the marketplace, growing 1.5x to 2x or 2x X, a respectable market growth. Our top line growth in the skittish global economy remains solid, and I am very pleased at our double-digit organic constant currency growth during this last quarter. Our family of products, Biofinity, Avaira, 1 Day single-use silicone hydrogel, Proclear 1 Day, as well as now our IVF family, where we are #1 in the world, all offer promising growth going forward. We continue to execute well and continue to invest in geographic expansion in the new product pipeline. And yes, R&D spending increased 20% over the prior quarter of last year. While we are still early in our expansion programs in each of the BRIC countries and there are challenging -- challenges in each of them, I am very pleased with the progress we have made to date. Our women's health care franchise has become more global with the Origio acquisition. We remain keenly focused on delivering the improving results, mindful of our desire to invest and leverage prudently, thereby, delivering respectable total shareholder return. Lastly, as always, a reminder that at Cooper, our #1 asset is our employees. To them, a big thank you for consistently delivering great results. And with that, I'll turn it over to Greg.
Gregory W. Matz: Thanks, Bob, and good afternoon, everyone. Bob has given you a pretty thorough review of the market and our revenue picture. Let me start with gross margins. Looking at gross margins in Q1, the consolidated GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins were 63.3% compared with 64.5% for GAAP and non-GAAP in Q1 last year. As compared to the prior year, which was our highest gross margin quarter in 2012, we did see some headwinds due to the impact of the yen on our revenue and the related direct impact on gross margins. In addition, Avaira successfully relaunching and as we've discussed in prior quarters, Avaira does have a lower than the company average gross margin. Finally, we also saw a mix impact due to Origio, which we acquired in July 2012. Despite these headwinds, we continue to run favorable margins well above 60% due to strong products like Biofinity, increased manufacturing efficiencies and, as of January 1, a reduced CIBA royalty. We believe our full year gross margin will be in a range of 64% to 65%. CooperVision on a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis reported a gross margin of 63.1% versus 64% for GAAP and non-GAAP in Q1 last year. As I just mentioned, CooperVision's gross margin was negatively impacted by the weakening of the yen, as well as the success of Avaira as it relaunches into the market. We remain excited about Avaira as it opens up the 2-weeks silicone market, especially in the U.S., which we were not addressing effectively last year at this time. Similar to Q4, CooperSurgical had a gross margin of 64.1%, which compares to Q1 '12 of 67.2%. Excluding Origio, gross margin would have been 66.5%. Now looking at operating expenses. SG&A in Q1 on a GAAP basis, SG&A expenses increased by 14% from Q1 last year to $150.7 million and were 40% of revenue similar to the prior year. Excluding Origio, SG&A would have grown 7% and would have been 39% of revenue. In the base business, we continue to see some spending on marketing sales headcount, numerous marketing projects and product launches around world, including ongoing geographic expansion efforts, as well as expenses to relaunch additional Avaira Toric fitting sets. Now touching on the medical device excise tax. The rules have recently been finalized. Whereas in Q4, we assumed this cost should be in cost to goods sold. We have now determined that the majority of the tax will be in SG&A, with a very de minimis amount in cost to goods sold for imported intercompany sales to finished goods. As you know, this tax only impacts CSI. In the quarter, we had $230,000 hit SG&A. Now looking at R&D. In Q1, R&D increased by approximately 20% year-over-year to $13.7 million or up about $2.2 million, of which Origio makes up 50% of the increase. R&D was 3.6% of revenue, up from 3.5% in Q1 '12 and the same as the prior quarter. The non-Origio spending increase is mainly attributable to spending on new product development in clinicals. As we've discussed in the prior quarter, would expect that R&D, excluding Origio, will continue to grow slightly faster than sales during the fiscal year. Now looking at depreciation and amortization. In Q1, depreciation was $24.1 million, up $3.9 million or 19% year-over-year. And amortization was $7.4 million, up $1.8 million or 33% year-over-year, for a total of $31.5 million. Origio amortization for the quarter was approximately $2 million. Moving to operating margins. For Q1, consolidated GAAP operating income and margin were $68.8 million or 18.1% of revenue versus $61.7 million or 18.9% of revenue in Q1 '12. This represents an 11% increase in operating income over Q1 '12. On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes the Origio acquisition-related cost of approximately $600,000, operating income and margin were $69.4 million or 18.3% of revenue versus the 18.9% in the prior year. This reduction in operating margin is attributable to the year-over-year decrease in gross margins I mentioned earlier, partially offset by improvements in SG&A. Interest expense was $2.6 million for the quarter, down 30% year-over-year. We expect to finish the year with interest expense in the $10 million to $11 million range. Included in the line item gain on insurance proceeds is $14.1 million of insurance proceeds for business interruption related to the October 28, 2011, incident we've discussed before in which a pipe ruptured in our fire suppression sprinkler system, causing water and fire retardant foam damage to one of our manufacturing buildings in the U.K. We have completed the business interruption claims process and are now not expecting any additional payments. Looking at the effective tax rate. In Q1, the GAAP and non-GAAP effective tax rate was 7.5% and 9.2%, respectively, versus Q1 '12 GAAP and non-GAAP effective tax rate of 7%. In the prior year, our rate was favorably impacted by a settlement with the IRS, which resulted in the release of certain reserves. In the current quarter, we had a favorable impact due to the R&D tax credit being retroactively enacted, as well as favorable impacts in the business interruption gain and the CIBA royalty settlement. As we've discussed before, the ETR continues to be below the U.S. statutory rate as the majority of our income is earned in foreign jurisdictions with lower taxes. For the full year, the GAAP effective tax rate is expected to be in the range of 7.5% to 9.5%, and the non-GAAP effective tax rate is now expected to be in the range of 10% to 11%. I will mention on a quarterly basis, this rate does fluctuate and our Q2 rate tends to be higher than the average rate for the year. Those following stock option comp, Q1 was $9.4 million. EPS, as Bob mentioned, our earnings per share for Q1 on a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis was $1.50 and $1.23, respectively, versus $1.12 on a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis Q1 '12. Earnings per share was up 34% and 10% on a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis, respectively, versus the prior year. Briefly touching on the share buyback program. As of the end of the first quarter, we had purchased an additional 460,000 shares of the company's common stock for $44.4 million at an average price of $96.34 per share. There is still $184.5 million available under this program. We estimate that this will have a $0.04 to $0.05 impact on our full year non-GAAP EPS. I wanted to touch on FX. FX impact, during Q1, we saw dramatic fluctuations in key currencies. The impact on Q1 was relatively small and around the negative $0.03 year-over-year. However, given the move in the yen and the recent moves in the euro and the pound, the impact for Q2 through Q4, assuming today's rates, will be estimated negatively $24 million on revenue. Although we have offsets from our overseas operations and eventually from lower cost pound-based inventory, this will amount to approximately a $0.22 impact on EPS. As indicated in our guidance, we plan to hurdle this but it's definitely a headwind. Looking at balance sheet and liquidity. In Q1, we had cash provided by operations of $47.6 million, capital expenditures of $29.3 million, insurance recovery of about $600,000 and excluding Origio acquisition-related cost of $300,000 resulted in a $19.2 million of free cash flow. Total debt increased within the quarter by $34.3 million to $408 million due to a $44.4 million of share repurchases. Debt as a percent of total capitalization is now 15%. This leaves us with approximately $624 million of total credit available at January 31. Inventories increased by $5.2 million to $325.4 million from last quarter. For the quarter, we're seeing months on hand at 7 months, down from months on hand of 7.1 months last year and up from 6.7 months last quarter. Accounts receivable continues to be closely monitored, with DSOs at 58 days, down from 59 days last year. With that, let me turn it back to Kim for the Q&A session.
Kim Duncan: Operator, we're ready to take some questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert Baird.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Greg, I guess, wanted to touch first on margins or, I guess, my one question, touch on margins here. I was hoping you could quantify, I guess, first in the quarter, what may be some of the Avaira relaunch cost, what that impact was on a dollar basis? I think you broke that out last quarter, so if you could break that out again this last quarter. And then as I look at your gross margin guidance for the year, it goes up 50 basis points, but you're taking the med device tax out of there, moving that into SG&A. And obviously, with the renegotiation on the royalty, it seems to me like you're kind of core gross margin now expectations are maybe 50 to 100 basis points lighter than they had been. Is that accurate? And I didn't hear an operating margin guidance for the year.
Gregory W. Matz: Okay, Jeff. Yes, thanks. First up on Avaira, we had about $2.4 million worth of relaunch cost, but that was in OpEx, SG&A and not in the gross margin. The gross margin hit was really around the fact that the average gross margin for Avaira is less than our average for the company in gross margin, so that's where you get the gross margin impact. Again, the yen was a big impact also. You were talking about, let's see, the gross margin percent for the year. Just going back to, let me just -- drew a blank, hit on the -- let me come back to that, Jeff. On the operating margin, the guideline is going to be 21% to 22% for an operating margin.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. Yes, the question had been on gross margin. I think prior to today, you were guiding 63.5% to 64.5%. That's now 64% to 65%. So you brought that up 50 basis points, but you've also moved medical device tax out of there, which was probably going to be about 30 basis points. So net guidance hasn't really changed yet with the renegotiated royalty. It felt like there should be maybe 100 basis points upside to your prior guidance. So why is the core gross margin outlook coming down? And I'm assuming it must be yen is the main explanation.
Robert S. Weiss: Jeff, let me just kind of jump on one thing. We're -- you may detect that we're a little evasive in the area of putting too fine of a pencil on all of the components of gross margin, and we're not going to leave ourselves into a mode where we're going to be specific on the royalty as a default. So there's a package there. The yen -- it includes the yen. It's having a profound impact on the total package, as well as the weighting of Avaira, as well as in the total scheme of things. Obviously, Origio has some impact on the overall mix also. But relative to giving a lot of fine details other than what the range is going to be, we're probably going to steer clear of a good amount of that. And that's really competitive, as well as contract that we're steering clear.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Keusch with Raymond James.
Lawrence S. Keusch - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Greg or Bob, I wanted to touch on the revised free cash flow guidance. And I know, Bob, in your prepared comments, you referenced the fact that you are accelerating the move forward with these single-use silicone hydrogel lens. So if you could just tell us exactly what you're planning there and how you're thinking about CapEx now for the year because I assume that's really the differential in the free cash flow guidance.
Robert S. Weiss: Yes, I'll say, we had in our prior guidance, I think we're in the neighborhood of $120 million to $150 million estimate of CapEx. We're now moving more into the mode of the $200 million to $250 million range of CapEx, and that includes a lot of things to do with silicone hydrogel, in general, as well as the bring forward of our plans on single-use facilities -- single-use silicone hydrogel facilities, as well as equipment, obviously. That is nothing more than saying we're really happy with the progress and how the product has been in the market, particularly in Europe where we started, that we're bringing forward those plans to aggressively move into that market, recognizing that probably in the 2- to 3-year time horizon, it's going to turn out of -- move from a niche market into something more than that. And quite frankly, we'll be there to not only participate, but to support that trend. So it's a pretty big number. It is what I would view as a lot of 2-year upfront spending, meaning there's a fair amount of equipment involved in getting to that point where you can have a robust product line. And then it tails off fairly rapidly after that 2-year period, and that's why I indicated we expect by the end of 5 years to have our cash back. We're not coming off of that $1.3 billion targeted free cash flow number.
Lawrence S. Keusch - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And Bob, would you just be willing to talk a little bit about where you're targeting these launch sites and your target about coming into the U.S? And what's the FDA pathway look like there?
Robert S. Weiss: Well, we're expecting a fairly routine path within the next 2 years into the U.S. We're expecting from the point of view of facility expansion, that's mainly going to be at our 2 primarily facilities in Puerto Rico and the U.K., both. And now we will -- the market has taken hold a lot more outside the U.S. At the end of the day, it really is today a Japanese market, it is not the a U.S. market. Quite frankly, J&J has done minimal in the U.S. market with TruEye and they really -- their focus has really been much more outside the U.S., particularly in Japan. And so we see it that way initially. So they're in the sense of urgency to the U.S. market is still, I think, muted as far as how fast you have to get there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo.
Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A couple here. Legal costs and SG&A related to the CIBA agreement, anything onetime? Also, Bob, Americas was 8% growth in CooperVision in Q1 versus 3% last quarter and 11% in the third quarter. Can you talk about the large acceleration this quarter?
Robert S. Weiss: Okay, yes. Legal costs have tailed off considerably from the fourth quarter where, of course, there was a large amount of activity. So I would say, really was on those matters, fully sub-$1 million being spent. It's not the -- if you will, the catalyst of any of the OpEx ratios per se. Relative to the Americas, Americas is considerably more robust if you look at it from the point of view of the calendar -- I'm sorry, the fiscal quarter, mindful of the fact that we have easier comps this year over last year in the Americas because of some of what we talked about in the fourth quarter regarding the pipeline fill in the fourth quarter of 2011. So the comps are somewhat easier. And therefore, when you look at the calendar quarter, it doesn't show it, meaning, the calendar quarter for CooperVision was 5% in the United States and 7% in the Americas, and then it jumps way up in the fiscal quarter to where you see the 18% for the Americas growth. So that explains really the year-over-year comp on a fiscal quarter basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch with BMO Capital.
Joanne K. Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: It's Joanne Wuensch. The decision to accelerate the 1 Day lens, what was the thought process behind that?
Robert S. Weiss: I guess, twofold: one is reactionary, meaning we know our competitors have announced large capital projects, 2 of them have, one in Ireland and one in Georgia. And so maybe a little speculative on what they're working on, but we have a pretty good idea what we think they're working on. Two is the product is -- we're pleased with the results of the product and good to go. And you can assume that, that means we're also pleased with our learning curve thus far in making the product. So directionally, we're happy with where we're going from a cost of goods point of view, not that where we need to get, but clearly have made some pretty good progress and enough progress to take the next step.
Joanne K. Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And can you comment on Avaira? I mean, you've had 2 or 3 quarters here of a relaunch, where you are in the process and where uptake is?
Robert S. Weiss: What was your second question?
Joanne K. Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And where uptake is? I mean, in theory, the Toric Avaira should be pulling through the Sphere Avaira. I'm curious if that's actually playing out.
Robert S. Weiss: Yes, the Avaira, in my comments, I mentioned that there is a halo effect at Avaira Toric. It's nicely pulling the Sphere and that the family of products. I didn't get into breaking out the Toric versus the Sphere. But suffice it to say, the Toric couldn't do it alone, but the family of products was north of 50% growth year-over-year -- for the quarter. So we're happy with that. And really, there is still a capacity limitation, that there will be for essentially most of this year -- calendar year that deals with Avaira Toric and, therefore, there's some limitations that we want to make sure we don't get too far or get ahead of ourselves on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kim Gailun with JPMorgan.
Kimberly Weeks Gailun - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So 2 questions. I think the first is on the top line. Just curious on the strong revenue performance. Was there any meaningful inventory shift in the channel in the quarter or any stocking, I guess, for any of the new products that you launched?
Robert S. Weiss: Answer, no.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company: My question is on the share repurchase. I know that some quarters you're buying shares, some quarters you aren't. Are you expecting to be buying shares in each of the quarters over the rest of the year?
Robert S. Weiss: I was careful to use the words that our strategy is opportunistic, and we don't define if and when on purpose, obviously. But as much as anything, it's not preprogrammed where we have to go out and do something one way or the other. It's opportunistic.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Cooley with Stephens.
Christopher C. Cooley - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Bob or Greg, I was hoping you maybe help us think about just your overall growth. You're clearly taking share in the marketplace, but you're also benefiting from the trade-up to silicone hydrogel and greater growth in dailies, a cycle a number of your peers have already gone through on the trade-up to silicone hydrogel. Help us think about pricing and mix versus volume when we think about your growth guidance for the full year for CVI?
Robert S. Weiss: You're correct, Chris, that some of what's going on is we're still lagging the market in total in the trade-up of silicone hydrogel and clearly in the area of the trade-up to 1 Day. We're basically 1/2 indexed of the marketplace there or well a little north of that but not much. So we have a long way to go on 1 Day. And while we're doing stellar on the silicone hydrogel family and it's something we continue to expect to greatly grow faster than the marketplace, part of that is trade-up but, quite frankly, part of it is taking new fits from competitors. So it's a healthy combination. I would say, it's well-balanced relative to when you look at the components, how much further do you have with 1 Day, the fact that you already are a share leader in the 2 high-growth ends of the market relative to type of lenses, torics, multifocals. And we certainly are exhibiting high growth in multifocal, albeit it's a smaller category. There's a lot of moving parts. But I think when you look at the product data we give you relative to how we measure up on every front, we're doing pretty darn good on every region, every type of lens, every modality. And there aren't -- I don't think there are too many holes in it relative -- that means, relatively speaking, we should be able to do pretty well for the indefinite future. Our products are still fresh in my opinion. Proclear 1 Day is early in its cycle. Biofinity, while it's been at it 4, 5 years now, is not indicating any slowness and still has a lot of leveraging or halo effect, if you will, around the world. And so I don't quite frankly -- from a mix point-of-view, we're still headed the right way from a trading up point-of-view, we're headed the right way, and from a taking new fits perspective, we're in good shape also.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Bhalla with Citi.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Bob, I just wanted to follow up on that stocking question, and I have just another question on competition. Specifically, last quarter, you said that there was some distributor destocking related to Sandy. So I'm wondering, did distributors restock in the quarter or do they keep at levels of last quarter? And then secondly, the question about fiscal versus calendar in the United States. You essentially grew 5%. Market grew 5%. And you said it's due to comps. But can you address that same thing in the U.S. really to competition? Are you seeing any changes there?
Robert S. Weiss: Well, relative to Sandy, I don't want -- I dont think I ever played the importance of Sandy in the contact lens arena. Actually, it was slightly bigger in our women's health care than it was in our contact lens business. It was a minimal event relative to contact lens, that's why, because we ship out of Rochester and the products pretty much got out there. Relative to the stocking, I'll kind of answer that in multiple ways. Number one, we recall that in the second quarter of last year, there was kind of an anomalous result that took place where the market kind of went south on us in April following whatever happened in March. So there clearly was some things going on with our competitors in that cycle, certainly not going on with our competitors in our cycle, which was really in October of 2011, where we thought we had done a good job of managing our distributors in the first, second and third quarter of 2011, but they still had a full year incentive. And because of that, they bought a lot in October of 2011, which negatively impact the comps in the first quarter of 2012. And as a result of that, our comps in the U.S., from a fiscal year point of view, are easier in the U.S. in the first quarter this year compared to the U.S. a year ago. That has nothing to do with our competitors. But suffice it to say, we're keenly aware that there are things our competitors occasionally do that impact it. We didn't see anything unusual following calendar year end, meaning there was nothing about January and February that leads us to believe there was anything strange going on. We're keenly aware that there is some ripple effect at the retail and between, if you will, the split of 1800 and Wal-Mart. Certain things happening within retail that pretty much are not, as far as I'm aware, germane to the -- at the manufacturers level.
Gregory W. Matz: Amit, this is Greg. I would just throw in too that if you look at Q1 over Q1 year-over-year, the U.S. distributor days on hand inventory was about the same.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kim Gailun with JPMorgan.
Kimberly Weeks Gailun - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I'm just back in. I had a follow-up on the gross margin and the line of questioning from Jeff earlier. So I think some more clarification with the updated guidance would be helpful. You obviously have the Medtech tax moving out of the gross margin guide. But is it fair to think about -- so essentially, you are kind of taking down your gross margins guidance. And is it fair to think about essentially the benefit that you got, roughly speaking, from the lower CIBA royalty being about offset by currency, just sort of in terms of round numbers? Or are there other factors at play we should be thinking about, like mix?
Robert S. Weiss: So overall, we took our -- from -- the last time we gave guidance, which was in early December, we gave gross margin guidance of 63.5% to 64.5%, and we've now taken that up 50 basis points to 64% to 65%. And there's no doubt, the positive -- on the positive side is royalty, on the negative side is the yen and foreign exchange. Because if you take a model of the yen, you could -- I gave you that. Basically, it's a $200 million franchise there. You could do certain what ifs and kind of get some idea what that might -- that range may look like. So those 2 kind of blend. Beyond that, there is certain mix components. I've talked about us pushing harder in 1 Day silicone hydrogel. That would be a negative. The Avaira relaunch and Avaira doing well north of $50 million is obviously a more negative. And Origio, quite frankly, which has lower gross margins, doing very robustly, north of $20 million is arguably a mix negative. So there's a fair amount of -- when you get into all the granular pieces, a fair amount of moving parts, I would acknowledge, but I also said we're not going to give you a real lot of clarity because we want to protect the real question everyone has, which is, so exactly, what was the change in the royalty?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt O'Brien with William Blair.
Kaila Krum: This is Kaila in for Matt. We were just wondering exactly where you guys are in the life cycle of Biofinity? I know you mentioned it really hasn't seen any slowdown. But what sort of comfort do we have that these above market growth rates are sustainable going forward?
Robert S. Weiss: Well, we're -- there are obviously no guarantees when does it start leveling off a little. But having said that, we have really not been in the market all that long with Biofinity Multifocal, which is, if you will, the third leg of the halo effect. We have just really got to Japan with a real more robust launch beginning this fiscal year. So suffice it to say, we're still early with the Biofinity Toric launch in Japan, and it certainly hasn't annualized. There is a lot of growth of torics and multifocals outside the U.S., and we obviously have a great product in the right modality in that front. So we're pretty optimistic that there are a lot of legs left to it. And I might add that the Sphere is very close to 30% growth in and of itself. So there is nothing wrong with even what one might say is the most mature of the 3 between the Sphere, the Toric and the Multifocal doing pretty well, which, to me, is an indicator that there is a fair amount of legs left in this family.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Petrone with Jefferies.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: A two-fold question for Bob and Greg on the yen. Can you review your hedging plans for the yen later this year, if there's any plans to put in different hedges related to the weakness and how long those would be put out and then whether or not the current weakness in the yen is affecting the launch plans for Biofinity Toric in Japan? And then one follow-up.
Robert S. Weiss: From a hedging point of view, we don't -- we did hedging for 2 or 3 years. On a scale of 1 to 10, where 1 is a disaster, I would call it a 1. On a scale of understandability, where 1 was totally non-comprehensible, I'd call it a 1. It was something we chose to move away from and stay away from, so it is not our intent to crystal ball where currencies are going. You can't hedge after the fact. So that's history already that the yen is where it is, and I know a lot of people have very strong views on where it's going to go next. But if everyone really knew, they could make a lot of money, I suppose, on where it's going to go next. So I don't subscribe to that. Relative -- so the answer on hedging is, no we don't hedge. We do have kind of a global balance over time. But there is no doubt, when currencies move on their own, that we can win one way -- we can win sometimes and we can lose sometimes. And in this case, we're on the wrong end as is the marketplace. Your second question, you want to repeat that?
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just if the currency weakness there is impacting at all the Biofinity Toric launch plans in Japan. You mentioned that's earlier this year that, that occurred. I'm just wondering how that all plays out there.
Robert S. Weiss: No, locally, it's not really impacting anything. We put up 17% growth numbers in constant currency, 10% in actual in that entire region. So I would say, no, there is no -- nothing is changing because of that dynamic.
Operator: At this time, there are no additional questions in queue. I'd like to turn the call back to Mr. Robert Weiss, CEO, for closing remarks.
Robert S. Weiss: Well, I want to thank everyone for joining us. Hopefully, you're as excited about our top line growth, our market share growth as I am, and the fact that we're pleasantly moving forward with the silicone 1 Day project, which I find real exciting. Keep in mind what I said about the market trading up as this market continues to grow towards the 1 Day modality, that's a 4x to 6x trade-up, which is going to be good for sustained growth, in my opinion, for the marketplace. And while gross margins may come under pressure because of that, clearly, I like the idea making 300% to 500% more profit on a contact lens wearer. So I would take that all day, all year, all decade, and we're pretty excited about that. So with that, I look forward to talking to you and updating you on where we are in June. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-12-06 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Robert S. Weiss - President and CEO Gregory W. Matz - VP and CFO Albert G. White, III - VP, Investor Relations, Treasurer and Chief Strategic Officer Kim Duncan - Senior Director, Investor Relation
Analysts: Kimberly Gailun - JP Morgan Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Lawrence Keusch - Raymond James Jason Bednar - Robert W. Baird & Co. Matthew O'Brien - William Blair & Company, L.L.C Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Anthony Petrone - Jefferies & Company, Inc.
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2012 The Cooper Companies, Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. My name is Caris, and I will be your conference operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Todays event is being recorded for replay purposes. Id now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Ms. Kim Duncan, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon, and welcome to The Cooper Companies fourth quarter and full-year 2012 earnings conference call. Im Kim Duncan, Senior Director of Investor Relations. And joining me on todays call are Bob Weiss, President and Chief Executive Officer; Greg Matz, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Al White, VP, Investor Relations, Treasurer and Chief Strategic Officer. Before we get started, Id like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance, and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market conditions and integration of any acquisitions. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the Company to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption, forward-looking statements in todays earnings release, and are described in our SEC filings, including the business section of Coopers annual report on Form 10-K. These are publicly available and on request from the Companys Investor Relations department. Now before I turn the call over to Bob, let me comment on the agenda for the call. Bob will begin by providing some highlights on the quarter followed by Greg, who will then discuss the quarter and full-year financial results. We will keep the formal presentation to roughly 30 minutes and then open-up the call for questions. We expect the call to last approximately one hour. We request that anyone asking questions please limit yourself to one question. Should you have any additional questions, please call our Investor line at 925-460-3663, or e-mail ir@cooperco.com. As a reminder, this call is being webcast and a copy of the earnings release is available through the Investor Relations section of the Cooper Companies website. And with that, Ill turn the call over to Bob for his opening remarks.
Robert S. Weiss: Thank you, Kim, and good afternoon and evening to everyone. Im very pleased to report a record  to report record results for fiscal 2012, including record revenues at CooperVision and CooperSurgical and record earnings per share for the Company. There were a number of positives this year, including operational successes such as Biofinity, the re-launch of Avaira Toric, the launch of single-use silicone and the success within CooperSurgical of its surgical business. In addition, there were the acquisition or there was the acquisition of Origio, our $1 billion credit facility and our purchase of 984,000 shares of our stock. These were great accomplishments and I couldnt be more proud of the efforts of our people. Now on to fourth quarter and three items, Id like to discuss before getting into the details. We experienced channel inventory contraction in the United States with our distributors. This is something we have carefully been managing in order to improve manufacturing distribution of efficiencies and were happy with the progress were making. Having said that, on a year-over-year basis, we would have generated roughly $7 million in additional sales or about $0.07 without this contraction. Our effective tax rate came in several points higher than we had anticipated, hurting us by roughly $0.05. This was nothing out of the ordinary, just increased income and higher tax jurisdictions primarily with the United States and Denmark tied in to Origio and a less than expected release of reserves. I should point out our guidance for 2013 continues to be in the 10% to 12% range and we remain confident with the regulations in place that are structured as sustainable. Hurricane Sandy unfortunately has impacted us and you can see a dip in the Americas for CooperVision and CooperSurgical revenue numbers. Although we were able to operate through the storm, our revenues were negatively impacted by roughly $2 million or about $0.02. There was slightly larger impact CooperSurgical given it is headquartered in Connecticut, but CooperVision also was impacted as its distribution center is located in Rochester, New York. Although negative in the fourth quarter, this has generally resulted in a good start to our fiscal 2013. A few last items to mention before digging into the details. You will note we had $5 million insurance proceeds in the fourth quarter. This was from business interruption insurance for operational losses tied to ruptured pipe in our fire suppression sprinkling system in the U.K. plant last October of 2011. As you may have noticed from our prior earnings in transcripts, the insurance company reimbursed us throughout this year for damage capital and manufacturing is back to normal. So this was related to lost profits. It was also unique expenses in the quarter as we spend approximately $6 million and additional OpEx items related to legal costs for certain contractual disputes and costs associated with decisions to expedite our Avaira Toric re-launch. Note, we wont comment on any at this time on the status of any legal matters. Now on to some details. Our sales results, our silicone hydrogel family is driving our growth. During the fourth quarter, our silicone hydrogel family continued on its path of sponsoring our revenue growth. Silicone hydrogel revenues were $124 million. Our silicone hydrogel family grew 24% in cash and currency. The family now reflects 39% of CVIs revenue. The launch of Biofinity and Toric into Japan and the re-launch of Avaira Toric, while still modest in terms of contributions in the fourth quarter should have a much bigger impact going forward and in particular their halo effect on each respective product family. Geographically foreign exchange headwinds slowed a bit and were only 2% in the fourth quarter as well as for the fiscal year. Excluding the effects of foreign exchange essentially all of the Euro our growth at CooperVision would have been 7% in constant currency. Recently we have solid results in constant currency, the Americas up 3% for the quarter, EMEA up 11%, Asia Pac 12%, and overall 7% in constant currency. Our growth drivers were in the Americas trading up to Biofinity, including the success of Biofinity Multifocal as well as the solid performance in the one day category contributed by Proclear 1 Day Sphere and Multifocal. These were overcame the effects of the authorized distributor contraction and Sandy. In EMEA same as the Americas Biofinity, was a major contributor in the entire line including Spheres, Torics and Multifocal as well as Proclear 1 Day Spheres. And Asia Pac primarily Biofinity, Spheres, Proclear 1 Day Spheres and other one day Spheres and Torics were the contributors to our growth. The worldwide soft contact lens market in the third calendar quarter of 2012 was up 4% in constant currency, while CooperVision was up 12%. On a trailing 12-month basis, the market was up 5%. On a trailing 12-month basis, we were up 10% on the strength of Biofinity and Proclear 1 Day. For the calendar quarter, the market growth was sponsored by one day, Multifocal and Torics. While CLI has stopped reporting the growth of silicone hydrogel material, most likely this trade-up of material remains a solid growth driver. We were up 33% in constant currency for the calendar quarter in the area of silicone hydrogel lenses. This market continues to be a trade-up market, trading up includes the premium products; silicone hydrogel lenses, Torics and Multifocals. The trade-up to silicone hydrogel is in the 20% to 40% range. Importantly, a trade-up of a one day disposable expands per patient revenue by 400% to 600%. More importantly, the one day, where generates about 300% to 500% more profit. Also its important to understand that Torics and Multifocals have a long way to go in capturing the market opportunity especially outside the United States. Geographically, the strength of the Americas up 7% during the calendar quarter, led to an overall 4% market growth worldwide. CooperSurgical, our womens healthcare franchise, had a solid quarter with $78 million in revenue. Revenue growth of 37% reflected the July acquisition of Origio, which contributed $19.4 million in revenue, excluding acquisitions CSI grew 2% during the quarter. Hurricane Sandy considerably impacted CooperSurgicals organic growth, given we ship out of Trumbull, Connecticut or the greater New York City area, if you will, which was considerably impacted at the end of October. Ex-Sandy we would have been in the 4% to 5% range of organic growth. In addition to acquisition drivers of growth, growth continues to be weighted towards surgical procedures, hospital and same-day surgery, where revenue was up 15%. The Origio acquisition has considerably shifted our product mix. In the fourth quarter fertility was up 489% and comprises 29% of CooperSurgicals revenue or about four times its previous mix. We now have a good balance of our products targeting the office 40% of CooperSurgicals revenue, surgical procedures are 31% of our revenues and fertility the remaining 29%.We are making good progress with Origio integrated into  integrating it into CooperSurgical in a few short months that weve had Origio under our fold. With the addition of Origio were the global market leader in in-vitro fertilization or IVF. And importantly, CooperSurgical has become a much more global business now having close to 30% of its revenues outside the U.S., more than double its prior mix of revenue. CooperSurgical now has direct presence in Japan, China, Russia, India, a minority position even in India. While considerably impacted by Origio, CooperSurgical still put up very respectable operating ratios with gross margin at 64% in operating income non-GAAP excluding acquisition related costs of 19% for the quarter.  To comment on guidance, we now have given some color on our expectations for 2013. We look for the soft contact lens market to stay a steady state in the 4% to 6% range. At CooperVision we look to continue gaining share with the strength of Biofinity and Proclear 1 Day together with the benefit of recent launches Proclear 1 Day Multifocal single-use silicone lens and the re-launch of Avaira Toric. CooperSurgical growth will be sponsored mainly by the full-year impact of the IVF acquisition, Origio. On a non-GAAP earnings per share basis, were guiding to a range of $5.70 to $6 and influencing the range among other items includes some of the fourth quarter events Sandy and authorized distributors. Important considerations in 2013 include some remaining foreign exchange headwinds versus the prior-year, primarily in the first quarter. Avaira Toric re-launch cost, which began to ramp up in the fourth quarter of 2012 are expected to significantly impact the first quarter of 2013 as we re-launch this product, a minimum pick up from the Origio acquisition until later in the fiscal year and continued ramp up of our single-use silicon and geographic expansion that continues targeting not only China, but also some new developing country market locations. So net, were still considerably in the investment mode and in spite of getting great return on invested capital from our Biofinity and Proclear family of products. On strategy, were continuing with our successful strategy. We believe it is solid and it has delivered results. CooperSurgical is putting up outstanding results and is leveraging its infrastructure. This franchise was built with the solid understanding of the value of critical mass in a womens healthcare market targeting the OB/GYNs. We follow the professional wherever they go; office, surgery center, hospital or IVF centers. Although the call points are different for each, the leverage is considerable. CooperSurgicals fourth quarter 2012 gross margin was 64%, our operating margins are close to 20%, and due to minimal CapEx requirements CooperSurgical is a significant contributor to our free cash flow. We are dedicated to this strategy and we will continue tuck-in acquisitions to leverage the CooperSurgical structure. At CooperVision the strategy is more complex and is much more global in nature. In the $7 billion soft contact lens industry, because of the uniqueness of our manufacturing platform and product portfolio, were the only participant that aggressively promote silicone hydrogel and non-silicone hydrogel, that is the Proclear family. We emphasize branded and non-branded products. And as Ive said in the past, private-label does not mean lower priced. We actively promote and specialize in custom lenses with a high gross margin. We support all modalities that the eye care professional prescribes one day, two week, as well as monthly lenses and we support all types of lenses, Spheres, Torics and Multifocals. We are close to 30% share in the high growth specialty lens categories, Torics and Multifocals. It is acknowledged by eye care professionals that were pretty good at specialty contact lenses. Few would challenge the success of Biofinity Toric for astigmatism, put a great design together with a great material and great things can happen. We have seen similar successes for the same reason with the Biofinity Multifocal, which hit the market in the middle of calendar year 2011. On the capacity front with the exception of Avaira Toric, were ahead of plan to deliver considerably more products where we had previously been supply constrained. The Biofinity family, Proclear 1 Day, our one day Torics are all ramping up nicely. And the newest challenge will be the ramp-up of the one day silicone hydrogel lens, which is still a niche market. Our pricing  on pricing, like the rest of the soft contact lens industry, we have a trade-up strategy. Our new wearers and existing wearers are targeted for silicone hydrogel, the Proclear family and one day or single-use lenses, each creates more revenue per wear. A one day modality for example, results in four to six times more revenue per wear. While this strategy sacrifices the gross margin percent, it generally generates three to five times more profit for the  for wearers  per wearer. Of course this strategy competes head on with the lens care space since were shifting the wearers resources from lens care to contact lenses only. Competing for lens care dollars is more of a problem for some of our competitors. In my opinion, we continue to be the most focused Company in the industry lacking many of the distractions that some of our competitors are now going through. I might add with Biofinity, Avaira and Proclear we have a lot to talk about with eye care professionals around the globe. As we look down the road over the next several years, we expect to continue improving operating margins and delivering above average shareholder returns. We expect to continue to average double-digit earnings per share growth while investing in geographic expansion and new product development. In todays market, we have a solid product portfolio to leverage in all modalities, multiple materials, all lens types, and we retain our expertise to emphasize customized lenses for the 10% to 20% of those lens wearers requiring other than standard lens sizes and/or designs. We have a lot of work to do before we come anywhere close to having exploited our number one contact lens family, Biofinity. This is particularly true when it comes to geographic expansion and fully developing the Biofinity family of Torics and Multifocals around the globe. The same applies to Avaira, where the Avaira Sphere has been anxiously awaiting the re-launch of Avaira Toric. The combination will put us in a much better position to exploit the U.S. two-week space owned by Johnson & Johnson and to also exploit our private label strategy more aggressively with this family. While we already have pretty respectable gross margins and operating margins, from a cost perspective weve considerable upside yet to be fully developed. Upsides include the elimination of a silicone hydrogel royalty, which expires  the patents expire in September of 2014 in the U.S. and March 2016 in the rest of the world. The reduction of our manufacturing costs by among other things, improving molding cycle times, increasing capacity utilization, and improving yields in general, each of these are key areas to us. Also, given the considerable amount of free cash flow we generate, well continue to look for tuck-in acquisitions and geographic expansion opportunities like Origio in our two businesses. The requirements, however, is that they must exceed our minimum investment hurdle rates. Additionally, the market for both womens healthcare and soft contact lenses are much less developed outside the U.S. We generate a considerable amount of cash offshore due in part to our level of manufacturing outside the U.S. As such, we will continue to aggressively invest in global expansion opportunities. With over 95% of the population on the planet outside the U.S., we believe we will find opportunities to invest in other countries for decades to come thereby retaining our low effective tax rate indefinitely. Finally, as was the case in the first quarter, and again in the third quarter, when the stock was suppressed, we even demonstrated were at times willing to buy in some of our own stock. In summary, before I turn it over to Greg, the fourth quarter although a bit more challenging in many of our quarters, we continue to make good progress in delivering bottom line results. We continued gaining share in soft contact lenses. Additionally, we put up solid revenue growth, solid growth in operating ratios versus the prior-year. Delivered another year of solid free cash flow, while investing in our future and we strengthened our balance sheet achieving investment grade status. The year was filled with many exciting events including the amendment and extension of our credit agreement, the acquisition of Origio, the buyback of almost 1 million shares of our stock as well as the exciting launch of two new products Proclear 1 Day Multifocal and single-use silicones in select markets in Europe, as well as re-launch of the Avaira Toric. During the quarter, we continued our exciting expansion into developing geographic markets with good progress in China and others. While the economy has shown an ability to remain sluggish for several years now, we continued to demonstrate that our $7 billion soft contact lens industry remains recession resistant. I see no end to this dynamic going forward. While we continue to reinvest in many areas, we also continue to provide a good return on invested capital targeting yet another year of double-digit earnings per share growth again this coming year. And lastly, as always, I want to thank our employees, our number one asset in the Company, for the great job they continue to do all around the world. Theyre what makes Cooper such a great Company. And with that, Ill turn it over to Greg.
Gregory W. Matz: Thanks, Bob, and good afternoon, everyone. Bob has given you a pretty thorough review of the market and our revenue picture. Let me start with gross margins. Looking at gross margins, in Q4 the consolidated GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins were 63.8% compared with 62% for GAAP and 63.4% non-GAAP in Q4 last year. Remember last years fourth quarter non-GAAP gross margins were impacted by the Avaira recall for $6 million, which included $4.9 million in cost of goods sold, inventory reserves, and $1.1 million for return provisions. As you can see we had a solid gross margin quarter in line with our expectations due to the increased manufacturing efficiencies and favorable product mix. For the year, we had a GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin at 63.9% versus 60.5% for GAAP and 62.1% for non- GAAP in 2011. Origio had a 30 basis point negative impact on gross margins for the quarter and about a 10% basis point negative impact for the year. CooperVision on a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis reported a gross margin of 63.7% versus 61.3% for GAAP and 63.1% for non-GAAP in Q4 last year. As I just mentioned, the difference in 2011 between GAAP and non-GAAP was the impact of the Avaira recall. For the full year, CooperVisions GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin was 63.4% versus 59.7% for GAAP and 61.5% for non-GAAP in 2011. As you can see, we continued the multi-year trend of improving margins, a special thanks to our manufacturing team for the great work that they have done. CooperSurgical had gross margin of 64.1%, which compares to Q4 11 of 65.3%. Excluding Origio, gross margin would have been 66.3%. The ongoing year-over-year improvements in the base business were mainly due to manufacturing efficiencies and favorable product mix especially in the surgical space. For the year, CooperSurgical had gross margins of 66.4% versus 64.8% 2011. Now looking at operating expenses, SG&A, in Q4 on a GAAP basis, SG&A expenses increased by 9% from Q4 last year to $152.4 million and were 38% of revenue versus 39% the prior-year. Remember in Q4 11, we did have the $10 million charge for the Rembrandt settlement. Excluding this item, SG&A would have grown 17.5%. If you adjust the 17.5% to exclude Origio then the increase was 11%. That 11% reflects increased spending on marketing and sales headcount adds from earlier in the year, numerous Q4 marketing projects and product launches around the world, our re-launch of some of the additional Avaira Toric fitting sets as well as some one-time legal expenditures. The majority of this spend was variable in nature versus infrastructure spend. As a follow on, SG&A on a non-GAAP basis increased only 8% sequentially, 5% sequentially excluding Origio. For the year GAAP SG&A grew 10%. Now looking at R&D, in Q4, R&D increased by 20% year-over-year to $14.1 million or up about $2.4 million and was 3.6% of revenue, up from 3.3% of revenue in Q4 11 and up from 3.5% sequentially. Excluding Origio, R&D increased approximately 12% at $1.4 million and would have been about 3.5% of revenue. This increase excluding Origio is mainly attributable to a variety of spending on new product development and clinicals. We would expect that R&D will continue to grow slightly faster than sales for the coming year. For the year, R&D grew 19% or $8.1 million. Excluding Origio, R&D grew 16% or $6.8 million. Depreciation and amortization, in Q4, depreciation was $23.5 million, up $2.8 million or 13% year-over-year and amortization was $7.3 million, up $1.7 million or 31% year-over-year, for a total of $30.8 million. Origio amortization for the quarter was $1.9 million. For the year, depreciation and amortization were $87.2 million and $24 million respectively for a total of $111.2 million. Moving to operating margins, for Q4, consolidated GAAP operating income and margin were $79 million or 19.9% of revenue versus $56.6 million or 18.5% of revenue in Q4 11. This represents a 19% increase in operating income over Q4 11. On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes the Origio acquisition costs of approximately 800K in the current quarter and the $6.2 million impact of the Avaira recall as well as the $10 million Rembrandt settlement in Q4 11, operating income and margin were $79.8 million or 20.1% of revenue versus 22.9% in the prior-year. This reduction is largely attributable to the increased investment in selling and R&D weve done over the last year. On a GAAP basis for the full year, our operating income and margin were $283.4 million or 19.6% of revenue, up about 24.5% in dollars. On a non-GAAP basis, operating income and margin were $288.3 million or 19.9% of revenue and up approximately 11% in dollars. Now moving onto interest expense, interest expense in the quarter was $2.7 million. Included in gain on insurance proceeds is  Bob had mentioned this earlier is $5 million of insurance proceeds for business interruption related to the October 28, 2011 incident where a pipe ruptured in our fire suppression sprinkler system, causing water and fire retardant foam damaged to one of our manufacturing buildings in the U.K. as weve talked on previous calls. Moving onto the effective tax rate, in Q4, the GAAP and non-GAAP effective tax rate was 12.7% and 13% respectively versus Q4 11 GAAP and non-GAAP effective tax rate of 9.9% and 9%. As weve discussed before, the effective tax rate continues to be below the U.S. statutory rate as the majority of our income is earned in foreign jurisdictions with lower tax rates. The quarters rate was higher than expected and as we had expected some favorable adjustments to your reserves as well as we saw an increase in profits in higher tax jurisdictions mainly the United States and Denmark. The combination of factors drove the Q4 rate up, but we did achieve our full-year guidance. On a full year basis, the GAAP and non-GAAP effective tax rate was 9.7% versus 9% for GAAP and 10.1% for non-GAAP in 2011. Stock-option comp Q4 was $4.9 million. Total comp for the year  stock-option comp for the year is $21.5 million. Moving on to earnings per share, as Bob mentioned, our Q4 EPS on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis was $1.46 and $1.47 respectively, versus $1.15 and $1.46 on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis in Q4 11. For the year, EPS was $5.05 for GAAP and $5.16 for non-GAAP versus prior-year GAAP and non-GAAP of $3.63 and $4.50 respectively. Hurricane Sandy, as Bob mentioned, negatively impacted revenue by approximately $2 million, which would have had approximately $0.02 impact on EPS. The quarterly effective tax rate came in higher than we guided in Q3 as I mentioned a few moments ago. Had the effective tax rate been at 10%, the mid-point of our guidance we would have seen an additional $0.05 earnings per share non-GAAP. Moving on to share repurchase program from that perspective, no additional shares were repurchased during the fourth quarter. On December 5th, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of an additional 150 million of common stock under the existing share repurchase program. With this approval, the Company has now authorized to purchase up to 300 million of its common stock. During 2012, we purchased approximately 984,000 shares at an average cost of $72.30 for a total cost of $71.1 million. This new authorization leaves us with approximately $228.9 million left in the program. Moving onto balance sheet and liquidity items, in Q4 we had cash provided by operations of $114.8 million, capital expenditures of $32.6 million, and excluding Origio acquisition related cost of $1.3 million, resulting in an $83.5 million of free cash flow. For the full-year, we generated $230.4 million of free cash flow, our full-year CapEx number was $99.8 million, so just under $100 million. Total debt decreased within the quarter by $106.4 million to $373.7 million. Debt as a percent of the total capitalization is now 14%. This leaves us with approximately $653.7 million of total credit available at October 31. Inventories increased by $18.5 million from the last quarter, approximately $18 million is related to silicone products and related raw materials in CooperVision. For the quarter, were seeing months on hand at 6.7 months, up from months on hand of about 5.5 months in Q4 11 or if you adjust Q4 11 for the voluntary recall of certain Avaira contact lenses would be about 5.9 months on hand. Accounts receivable continues to be closely monitored with DSOs at 54 days, down from 55 days last year. Moving on to guidance, in order to provide a little bit more color for your models, let me share some additional specifics on our guidance. Bob touched a bit on the revenue ranges, but just to reiterate for the Companys standpoint, $1.565 billion to $1.625 billion in revenue for the total Company. CooperVision $1.25 billion to $1.290 billion for CooperVision and CooperSurgical $315 million to $335 million, again for CooperSurgical revenues. If I move on to gross margin, its in the range of 63.5% to 64.5%. Its currently expected that the medical device tax would have a 30 basis point negative impact in 2013. Our gross margins are positively impacted by increased efficiencies in the manufacturing process as well as impacted by a mix between such products as Biofinity, Avaira, single-use silicone, and traditional hydrogels as examples for CVI, and mix examples for surgical would be a mix between the surgical products and the IVF products. From an OpEx perspective, we are guiding to a range of 43% to 44% of revenue, operating income as a percent of revenue is expected to be in the 20.5% to 21% range. Interest expense expected to be in the $10.5 million to $11.5 million range. Amortization should be approximately $29 million. The effective tax rate is 10% to 12%, as Bob had mentioned earlier. I realize we finished 2012 at 9.7%, but remember we did have some unique events like settling the federal tax court case, which did hold our rate down below this range in 2012. GAAP and non-GAAP EPS are expected to be in the range of $5.70 to $6 for the year. Free cash flow guidance is at $200 million to $230 million range with CapEx at the $120 million to $150 million range. Share count guidance is 49.8 million shares, and as always guidance assumes constant currency at the date of issuance. With that, let me turn it back to Kim for the Q&A session.
Kim Duncan: Operator, we are ready to take questions now.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And your first question comes from the line of Kim Gailun with JP Morgan. Please proceed.
Kimberly Gailun - JP Morgan: Hi, guys. Good afternoon. So first question, I guess, is on the inventory. You called out $7 million and $0.07 in the quarter. And just to be clear, are you saying that this  some of this inventory has bounced back here in the first quarter? And how can you be sure that this is actually inventory and not end customer demand?
Robert S. Weiss: I think youre talking about the shrinkage in the authorized distributors, which was $7 million and that shrinkage is a function of us working with our distributor and  back up to a year-ago, you may recall in 2011 we  on the quarterly calls, focused in on reducing the levels of inventory on hand at authorized distributors, which we successfully did the first three quarters which was caused by a shift in the way we approached them in 2011, but we still had an annual commitment. So what happened in the fourth quarter a year-ago was that the distributors recognizing they had annual commitments and annual incentives still took their inventories up by and large, and Im blending it across all authorized distributors higher than we would have preferred a year-ago. This year, we worked not only the quarters, but we preempted that phenomena and thats what caused the year-over-year reduction in inventory on-hand at distributors as of the end of our fiscal year. So, that is something that from an efficiency point of view, going forward, we do not anticipate building backup to the levels anything like existed as of October 31, 2011, following all that management we went through of inventory, the first three quarters. So, it's an efficiency factor that comes into play. Year-over-year had  we had the same level of inventory at the distributors, it would have been another $7 million higher, if you will, that we would had on our balance sheet. Next question?
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Just a follow-up on some clarification questions on the quarter. The $5 million insurance gain, why did you book that as non-GAAP EPS this quarter and the $6 million in additional OpEx for legal and the Avaira Toric re-launch, how much is for legal and should we expect any additional legal expenses related to this matter in 2013? And lastly, Bob, you talked about a good start to fiscal 2013. Can you elaborate on that a little more please? Thanks.
Robert S. Weiss: Okay. As far as the $5 million, which was business interruption, it reflects some of the activity that happened or didnt happen throughout the P&L in 2012 and then into 2013, so its operational in that sense. And quite frankly, the story would have gotten complicated if we were to excluded from the non-GAAP together with some of those other factors that had to do with higher than, lets say, a number of legal things coming together all at once. The answer to your question is the $6 million, about half of that is legal matters and thats plural, there are several events, all of which were concentrated in the quarter and Im really not going to get into any one of those events for obvious reasons. And then the other half of that was the  if you will, the acceleration and the push of the re-launch of Avaira Toric. And there is kind of an anomalous result of those  the re-launch because it is a re-launch being a much more expensive event from an accounting point of view than were it just new sets going out the door that get spread over three years. In the case of a re-launch, a good chunk of those fitting sets get charged to the P&L. So in the fourth quarter and again in the first quarter of 2013 there will be a unusually high charge to operating costs for the re-launch of lets say old fitting sets from the initial Avaira Toric launch and that is somewhat anomalous. But I respect the fact that you can debate all over what those three events, the legal matters, the re-launch, and the $5 million below the line and its impact on above the line or not above the line from an operating income point of view.
Gregory W. Matz: Larry, just to throw in too, the legal expenses going forward we dont expect to see them forward, it was a one-time thing here for this quarter.
Robert S. Weiss: As far as the start of 2013, I think the plus is there is some ripple effect of the  what didnt all go out the door because of Hurricane Sandy. Id balance that or temperate it, if you will, by the fact that quite frankly some  if you think about the phenomena of not getting Rx primarily Rx Torics out the door in October because there the doctors arent open. Theyre canceling their patients and the patients are being put back in the queue. Whether or not all those patients get back in the queue, on the East Coast in the first quarter or later, because there is a bottleneck remains to be seen. But the risk  some of that will all come back in the subsequent periods. As far as the tempering, I emphasize that we will continue the rollout of Avira Toric fitting sets and Id say about half of them, meaning the initial fitting sets that went out the door and are being re-launched, went out prior to the end of the fiscal year and the other half will go out the door essentially all in the first quarter. So there is that week in the first quarter, that will not repeat itself post the first quarter, I want to emphasize that point. Next question?
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Larry Keusch with Raymond James. Please proceed.
Lawrence Keusch - Raymond James: Yeah. Hi, good afternoon. Just wanted to understand the outlook for free cash flow, which was it looks like its sort of flattish in guidance for 2013 versus 2012. It sounds like youre increasing CapEx, so I want to understand what thats all about. And on the share repurchase, you obviously had not completed your authorization, so I want to understand why the increase in the authorization at this time? Thanks.
Robert S. Weiss: I will take the first half and then let Greg add anything I miss, but from a free cash flow perspective, youre right, the culprit so to speak, is increase in CapEx. And as you know, were moving more aggressively down the path of investing in silicone hydrogel 1 Day in that market even though its a niche today. Id say, three to five years down the road or some point in time it will become more than that and we want to be there and participate in that arena. And we think weve a pretty good product in our test market or rollout market, if you will, in Europe right now. So, thats the catalyst for increasing capital requirements. As far as the authorization of the buyback of our stock had a termination date at the end of the calendar year and we had to renew it, and in so renewing, since we already had put a dent into half of it, we expanded it and took away the time deadline, if you will, for that. Next question?
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert Baird. Please proceed.
Jason Bednar - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Good afternoon, guys. This is actually Jason in for Jeff. I just wanted to ask on the single-use silicone. Youve mentioned before that some of the cost reductions in manufacturing this product will be volume related, while many others will just take time. Wondered if you can focus on the latter here, just  as it sounds like volume of this product are still pretty well, have you overcome any hurdles in the last few months with this product. Can you remind us how you see gross margin on it playing out over the next 6 to 12 months and the next one to two years?
Robert S. Weiss: Id say were more than happy where were already. Its  Id view it as a several year program. In fact were still getting cost out of our first one days in our Proclear 1 Days. So in some cases weve been added for five, six, seven years and are still improving the process. As far as silicone hydrogel 1 Day, a lot of costs have come out, Id say quite frankly and I wont get into much more close in this, it is the cost thats well less than half of what it used to cost us to make a little over four, five months ago, which might be a relative term, but were clearly in the mode where it is unlike when we first launched it  it has a positive gross margin and its pointing in the right direction. That will continue for the indefinite future and we already know things we want to do to improve the whole manufacturing process going forward as we talk about spending more capital in that area. Next question?
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Matthew O'Brien with William Blair. Please proceed.
Matthew O'Brien - William Blair & Company, L.L.C: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question and I apologize for any background noise that youre picking up there. Just to follow-up a little bit on Kims question Bob, I just want to make sure were clear on this that, with this distributor adjustment there is nothing that youre seeing as far as any customer demand changes thats precipitating this adjustment to the distributor network. And then on top of that, just with the CVI guidance for 2013, it seems youre calling for at the high-end of the range, couple of hundred basis points to share taking with 8% growth if the market is even up 6%, what products specifically or regions tend to get us there? And then lastly, Greg, just to finish up my three-part question here, just to be sure, there is nothing assumed in guidance for any kind of share repurchases for 2013, is that correct?
Gregory W. Matz: Yeah, Matt, to your last question right. There is nothing planned for share repurchases.
Robert S. Weiss: As far as is there any implications of the reduction of inventory on-hand at the distributor tied in with pull through, the answer is, no there is not. You can see that both in our quarterly CLI data that wouldnt have the skewing of the distributors, particularly in the last quarter. And importantly, relative to whats going to continue to see that we will gain share or why we expect to gain share, clearly the driving factors will continue to be the Biofinity family, which is doing very well and you can see how well silicone hydrogels have done driven by Biofinity. The fact that Proclear 1 Day continues to be double-digit, solid double-digit growth around the world with lot of opportunities still to go. The fact that we have the three new launches of products that occurred late in 2012, which would be the single-use product in Europe, the Proclear 1 Day Multifocal, which is getting good market reception as well as our rollout of Biofinity Toric into Japan, which also has a halo effect on the sphere, so that you have a family of products developing in Japan. So, we are pretty optimistic, we will grow faster than the market and that the market will remain in that 4% to 6% range going forward and well gain share. Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch with BMO. Please proceed.
Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets: Can you hear me?
Robert S. Weiss: We can.
Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets: Wonderful. Thank you. Lets just talk about your Toric sales in the quarter. Forgive me if I missed this, but that growth rate seemed a little bit lower than what I was expecting. Is there a particular reason behind that?
Robert S. Weiss: Yeah, there really are two reasons. One is if you think about the fact that a lot of Torics are Rx and they go straight to the doctors office for the patient. So when we talk about Hurricane Sandy and what didnt get out the door, what did get out the door is what went to the distributors. We did not have a problem getting product to them, which we worked around the storm. What did not get out the door is really, primarily, that one  that Toric business that is Rx. So, the bulk of Sandy, Id say would be Toric related. The second thing is the year-over-year contraction at the distributors, since Biofinity is such a huge product worldwide. It is  suffice it to say, our distributors carry a fair amount of Biofinity for the easier to fit SKUs or the more popular, if you will. And as a result of that, that contraction of the 7 million, some of that rippled into that arena also. If you were to look at, for example, the calendar quarter ended September on a year-over-year basis, our Torics grew 11% against the market of 7% and if you look on a trailing 12-month ended September 30th, its likewise 11% versus the market 8%. So overall our Torics are doing well and what youre seeing is somewhat the implications of those two events. Next question?
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Amit Bhalla with Citi. Please proceed.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup: Hi. Bob a question for you, this is not the first time that you've gone into a year ahead where there is uncertainty and issues around investment and new product launches. And at this time last year, the earnings range you gave was $0.20. This year going into 2013, the EPS range is $0.30. Is there that much variability and visibility or are there competition issues, like why such a broad range going into 2013 when you've had similar types of issues to deal with in the past? And second, for Greg, can you just confirm on the P&L where the device tax is going to be booked? Thanks.
Robert S. Weiss: The answer to the first question on the range, quite frankly weve been pleased to beat our range frequently in the past and now weve kind of in this fourth quarter certainly not beat the range we put out there of the $1.50 to $1.55. There is variability caused by a lot of things, including the whole debate on whats going on in Europe, the whole debate on the fiscal cliff in the United States, while were recession resistant. Thats not to say on a given quarter there arent events that really cause a contraction or some anomalous event. So is $0.30 spread against something in the neighborhood of $5.70 large? I know we can debate that probably forever. I think its prudent to give a broader range than to try to micro a narrow thing, which is unrealistic in my opinion, at least as were sitting here nine months ahead of or 10 months ahead of time. Medical device, I'm going to take a shot at it and I will let Greg refine anything I say wrong. That is still to be determined. There are different ways to operate, as I understand in the domain, some companies are going cost of goods and some companies are going operating cost. And quite frankly those that are going cost of goods are actually managing the process better than those that are going operating cost, but its to be determined whether or not we will end up with a model that is one or the other.
Gregory W. Matz: Yeah so, Bob, I think you hit it. There has been a lot of focus groups and industry groups over the last couple months trying to understand the guidance and more and more white papers from various companies coming out about how to treat this. And again, still undetermined, were still looking at that. In guidance, we had stuck it in cost of goods sold.
Robert S. Weiss: Next question?
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Anthony Petrone with Jefferies Group. Please proceed.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Thanks. Just one industry question and I maybe wrong here, so just to confirm, but we did see a report in late October early November that the 1-800 CONTACTS and Wal-Mart would be dissolving their relationship come December 31st of this year. So a couple of questions there. One, is that true? A follow-up would be is that due to the WellPoint acquisition of 1-800 CONTACTS and if indeed it is true, how does that affect your business? Thanks.
Robert S. Weiss: Its my understanding that its true that theyre parting their ways or their current structure. I dont know if its WellPoint related or not and it didnt matter to us when they put it together and it doesnt matter when they take it apart. So we dont  we really dont care. Next question?
Operator: And at this time there are no further questions in queue. And Id now like to hand the call back over to Mr. Bob Weiss for closing remarks.
Robert S. Weiss: Well, I want to thank everyone for joining us today on this call. Look forward to launching into 2013. We think weve a lot of exciting things in the pipeline that are going very well. And we look forward to talking to everyone and updating you on our progress in March. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-09-10 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Kim Duncan - Senior Director, Investor Relation Bob Weiss - President & Chief Executive Officer Greg Matz -Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Kim Gailun - JPMorgan Lawrence Keusch - Raymond James Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets Jeff Johnson - Robert Baird Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Matthew O'Brien - William Blair Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Chris Cooley - Stephens Anthony Petrone - Jefferies Amit Bhalla - Citi
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2012 The Cooper Companies, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Keith, and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later on, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, today's event is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Ms. Kim Duncan, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon, and welcome to The Cooper Companies' third quarter 2012 earnings conference call. I'm Kim Duncan, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Joining me on today's call are Bob Weiss, President and Chief Executive Officer; Greg Matz, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Al White, Vice President, Investor Relations, Treasurer and Chief Strategic Officer. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance, and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market conditions and integration of any acquisitions. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption, forward-looking statements in today's earnings release, and are described in our SEC filings, including the business section of Cooper's annual report on Form 10-K. These are publicly available and on request from the company's Investor Relations department. Now, before I turn the call over to Bob, please let me comment on the agenda for the call. Bob will begin by providing highlights on the quarter followed by Greg, who will then discuss the third quarter financial results. We will keep the formal presentation to roughly 30 minutes then open up the call for questions. We expect the call to last approximately one hour. We request that anyone asking questions please limit yourself to one question. Should we have any additional questions, please call our Investor line at 925-460-3663, or e-mail ir@cooperco.com. As a reminder, this call is being webcast and a copy of the earnings release is available through the Investor Relations section of the Cooper Companies' website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bob for his opening remarks.
Bob Weiss: Thank you, Kim, and good afternoon and evening to everyone. Well we're back on track with another great quarter. We're executing our strategy that has been in place for the past five years. We're accomplishing our long-term objectives, taking market share, posting gross margin expansion, delivering double-digit earnings per share growth and delivering free cash flow. For the quarter, we delivered revenue growth of 8%, 9% organic constant currency. For the quarter, we delivered GAAP earnings per share of $1.36, up 51% versus the prior year. For the quarter, we delivered non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.45, up 26% versus the prior year. Our non-GAAP trailing 12 months, earnings per share is now $5.15. For the quarter, we delivered free cash flow of $63 million and trailing 12-month free cash flow of $225 million. For the quarter, we accomplished our long-term objective by acquiring Origio an IVF company, reaching out beyond the U.S. for CooperSurgical and achieving the number one position in worldwide IVF marketplace. Some highlights and key events, during Q3 '12, we amended our credit agreement increasing it to a $1 billion line of credit, lowering our borrowing grid, eliminating our term loans and extending our line of credit to May of 2017 for an additional 16 months. We closed on the acquisition of Origio, an IVF or in-vitro fertilization company, which adds $60 million-plus in annualized revenue to CooperSurgical. We re-launched Avaira Toric, initiated the limited launch of a one-day silicone hydrogel into Europe and rolled out a novel one-day multifocal Proclear 1 day multifocal. Our silicone hydrogel continues to take significant share and now accounts for 38% of CooperVision's revenue achieving $118 million in revenue, and up 35% in constant currency versus the prior year. Leveraging our free cash flow and a weak stock, we took the opportunity and bought 321,000 shares of stock using $25 million. This brought our fiscal year 2012 purchases to 984,000 shares using $71 million of free cash flow. On sales results, our silicone hydrogel family is driving growth. During the third quarter, our silicone hydrogel family continued on its path of sponsoring our revenue growth. Silicone revenues were $118 million. Our silicone family grew 35% in constant currency. The family now reflects 38% of CooperVision sales, in July we launched Biofinity Multifocal in Japan recording our first sales. Our Avaira Toric roll out constrained by capacity limitations is taking place over several months. It is progressing nicely. Avaira targets the U.S. so called two-week market owned by Johnson & Johnson's OASYS and ACUVUE ADVANCE. As a result, we expect the product family to be focused on gaining share as opposed to trading up. While we are excited about the re-launch, we are going to be cautious in not overextending our capacity limitations. Geographically, foreign exchange has become a large headwind. Foreign exchange negatively impacted CooperVision's sales by 5% or approximately $14 million. Excluding the effects of foreign exchange essentially all the euro, our growth at CooperVision would have been 10% in constant currency. Regionally, we delivered solid results in constant currency, Americas was up 11% in constant currency, EMEA 6%, Asia-Pac 16%, overall 10%. Our growth drivers were in the Americas trading up to Biofinity, including the success of Biofinity Multifocal as well as solid performance in the 1 Day category contributed by Proclear one-day Sphere. EMEA, same as the Americas. Biofinity, its entire line of Spheres, Toric and Multifocal as well as Proclear 1 Day Sphere. In Asia-Pac, primarily Biofinity Sphere, Proclear 1 Day and other 1 Day Spheres and 1 Day Toric. The worldwide soft contact lens market in the calendar second quarter 2012 was up 5%, while CooperVision was up 9%. On a trailing 12-month basis, the market was up 5%. On a trailing 12-month basis, we were up 9% on the strength of Biofinity and Proclear 1 Day. For the calendar quarter, the market growth was sponsored by torics one-day and multifocal. While the CLI data or Contact Lens Institute stopped reporting the growth of silicone hydrogel, mostly likely the trade up of material remains a high growth material area. We were up 34% in constant currency for the calendar quarter. The market continues to be a trade up market where geographic expansion is an accelerating contributor. Trading up includes the premium products; silicone hydrogels, torics and multifocals. The trade up to silicone hydrogel is in the 20% to 40% range. More importantly a trade up to the 1 Day disposable expands per patient revenue by 400% to 600%. Importantly, the 1 Day, where it generates 300%, to 500% more profit. Also, it's important to understand that torics and multifocals have a long way to go in capturing the market outside the United States. Geographically, the strength of the Americas was up 8% during the calendar quarter, led to an overall 5% market growth worldwide. CooperSurgical, our women's healthcare franchise, had a solid quarter with $64 million in revenue. Revenue growth of 20% reflected the July acquisition of Origio, which contributed $5.6 million in revenue, excluding acquisitions CooperSurgical grew 6% during the quarter. In addition to acquisitions, drivers of growth continue to be weighted toward surgical procedures, hospital and same-day surgery, where revenue was up 16%. As a result of the Origio acquisition, we will see a shift in our product mix and a shift in our geographic mix. Product mix will move to about 31%, surgical procedures 27% IVF, and 42% office. Concurrently, CooperSurgical geographic mix outside the U.S. will about double to 29%. Suffice to say, we are excited to have closed on Origio. This makes us a clear number one in the in-vitro fertilization or IVF market. Origio is a very global business with 73% of its revenue outside the Americas. They have expanded their direct presence into Japan, China, India and Russia among others. The global phenomena of delaying child birthing until the age when pregnancy becomes a challenge makes us a very exiting quality of life add to our women's healthcare franchise. Back to the quarterly results. CooperSurgical put up solid ratios, excluding a one-time time acquisition cost. On a non-GAAP basis, CooperSurgical's gross profit percent was 67%, while the operating income margin was solid 25%. On guidance, while we have had to hurdle significant headwinds from foreign exchange or the euro, if you will, we have delivered solid growth numbers. Our original constant currency revenue has remained solid with CooperVision achieving 10% constant currency in the third quarter of 2012. Our guidance range for CooperVision revenue for fiscal year 2012 has been narrowed and the guidance for CooperSurgical has been increased to reflect the original acquisition. As a result, overall revenue guidance for the fiscal year 2012 is now $1,439,000 to $1,449,000. Given our strong operating results for the third quarter 2012, we have increased our non-GAAP earnings per share to $5.19 to $5.24. This guidance reflects tempered earnings per share growth in the fourth quarter given tough comps with the prior year for the hurdle of the ongoing euro headwinds for the next six months, increasing costs for the Avaira re-launch as well as the roll out cost of our single-use silicone hydrogel. While it's a bit early given these factors as well as Origio as an early post-acquisition phase, to put too much color into 2013, we do expect continued momentum going forward with earnings per share growth in the low double-digit range. Keep in mind, in 2013, we also have the hurdle of the 2.3% tax on women's healthcare products in the United States. Our strategy, we continue with our successful strategy. We believe it is solid and it has delivered results. CooperSurgical is putting up outstanding results and is leveraging its infrastructure. This franchise was built with the solid understanding of the value of critical mass in a women's healthcare market targeting the OB/GYNs. We follow the professional wherever they go; the office, surgery center, hospital or IVF centers. Although the call points are different for each, the leverage is considerable. CooperSurgical third quarter '12 gross margin was 67%, operating margins 25%. Due to minimal CapEx CooperSurgical is a significant contributor to our free cash flow. We are dedicated to the strategy and we'll continue to tuck into tuck-in acquisitions to leverage the CooperSurgical structure. At CooperVision, the strategy is more complex and it is much more global in nature. The $7 billion soft contact lens industry, because of the uniqueness of our manufacturing platforms product portfolio, we are the only participant that aggressively promotes silicone hydrogel and non-silicone hydrogel products, that is the Proclear family, emphasis branded and non-branded products. No, private label does not mean lowered price. Actively promotes and specializes in custom lenses with a high gross profit of course, supports all modalities that eye care professionals prescribe one-day, two-week and monthly lenses and supports all types of lenses spheres, torics and multifocals. With close to 30% share on the high growth specialty lens categories, torics and multifocal, it is acknowledged by eye care professionals that we are pretty good at specialty contact lenses. Few would challenge why the success of Biofinity Toric for astigmatism. Put a great design together with a great material and great things happen. We have seen similar successes for the same reason with Biofinity Multifocal, which hit the market in the middle of last year. On the capacity front, with the exception of Avaira Toric, we are ahead of plan to deliver considerably more product where we had been previously supply constrained. The Biofinity family, Proclear one-day, our one-day Torics are all ramping up nicely. Our new challenge would be to ramp up one-day silicone hydrogel lenses. On pricing, we, like the rest of the soft contact lens industry, have a trade up strategy. Our new wearers and existing wearers are targeted for silicone hydrogel lenses, the Proclear family and the one-day or single-use lenses. Each creates more revenue per wear. A one-day modality, for example, results in a four times to six times more revenue per wear. While this strategy sacrifices the gross profit margin percent, it generates three times to five times more profit. Of course, this strategy competes head on with the lens care space, since we are shifting the wearers' resources from lens care to contact lenses only. Competing for lens care dollars is more of problem for some of our competitors. In my opinion, we continue to be the most focused company in the industry lacking many of the distractions that some of our competitors are now going through. I might add with Biofinity, Avaira and Proclear, we have a lot to talk about with eye care professionals around the globe. As we look down the road over the next several years, we expect to continue improving operating margins and delivering above average shareholder returns. We expect to continue to average double-digit earnings per share growth while investing in geographic expansion and new product development. In today's market, we have a solid product portfolio to leverage in all modalities, multiple materials all men's types and we retain our expertise to emphasize customizing lenses for the 10% to 20% of those lens wearers requiring other than standard lens sizes or designs. We have a lot of work to do before we come anywhere close to having exploited our number one contact lens family Biofinity. This is particularly true when it comes to geographic expansion and fully developing the Biofinity family of torics and multifocals around the globe. The same applies to Avaira, where the Avaira Sphere has been anxiously awaiting the re-launch of Avaira Toric. The combination will put us in much better position to exploit the U.S. two-week space owned by Johnson & Johnson and to also exploit our private label strategy more aggressively with this family. While we already have pretty respectable gross profit and operating margins, from a cost perspective, we have considerable upside yet to be fully developed. Upsides include the elimination of the silicone hydrogel royalty with the expiration of patents in September 2014 in the United States and in March 2016 in the rest of the world. The reduction of our manufacturing costs among other things, improving molding cycle times, increasing capacity utilization and improving yields in general. Each of these are key goals to us. Also, given the considerable amount of free cash flow we generate, we will continue to look for tuck-in acquisitions and geographic expansion opportunities like Origio in our two businesses. The requirements, however, is that they must exceed our minimum investment hurdle rates. Additionally, the market for both, women's healthcare and silicone hydrogel lenses are much less developed outside the U.S. We generate a considerable amount of cash offshore due in part to our level of manufacturing outside the U.S. As such, we will continue to be aggressively invested in global expansion opportunities. With over 95% of the people on the planet outside the U.S., we believe we will find opportunities to invest in other countries for decades to come, thereby retaining our low effective tax rate indefinitely. Finally, as was the case in the first quarter and again in this quarter, when the stock was suppressed we even demonstrated, we are at times even willing to buy in some of our own stock. In summary, before I turn it over to Greg, the third quarter of 2012 was another solid quarter. We continue to exceed market growth. Additionally, we put up solid revenue growth, improved our gross profit and operating margins versus the prior year, delivered solid free cash flow and even restructured and extended our now investment grade debt. We hit some exciting milestones by launching Avaira Toric or re-launching Avaira Toric, and rolling out two new products Proclear 1 Day Mulifocal and 1 Day silicone hydrogel in Europe. CooperSurgical stepped up to about $300 million annualized run rate in revenue with its Origio acquisition and we now have a solid number one position in the $223 million worldwide IVF market, which grew 12% globally last calendar year. We continue to make inroads in expanding into other geographic markets with good progress in China and its surrounding regions. In spite of an economy that remains sluggish, we remain as an industry recession-resistant and believe, consistent with the past 30-plus years, our industry will remain so into the future. Last, least I forget to remind you, our number one asset is our dedicated employees. They continue to deliver results even in poor economic times. To them, once again a big thank you. With that, I will turn it over to Greg.
Greg Matz: Thanks, Bob, and good afternoon, everyone. Bob has given you a pretty thorough overview of our revenue picture. As he mentioned, Origio is included in our Q3 results. Looking at gross margins, in Q3 the consolidated GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins were 63.5%, compared with 58% for GAAP and 62% non-GAAP in Q3, last year. Remember now, last year's third quarter gross margins were impacted by the Avaira Toric recall for $14.2 million, which included $13.7 million in cost of goods sold for inventory reserves and $500,000 for return provisions, which were excluded from the non-GAAP gross profit last year. As you can see, we had a solid gross margin quarter in line with our expectations. CooperVision on a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis, reported a gross margin just under 63% versus 56% for GAAP, and 61% for non-GAAP in Q3, last year. As I just mentioned, the difference between GAAP and non-GAAP was the impact of the Avaira Toric recall. CooperSurgical had a gross margin of 67%, which compares to Q3 '11 of 65%. The continued year-over-year improvements were mainly due to manufacturing efficiencies and favorable product mix, especially in the surgical space. Origio had about a negative 60-basis point impact on Q3 gross margins for CooperSurgical. From a guidance perspective, we are not changing our consolidated annual gross margin guidance of 63.5% to 64.5%, or 64%, but we would expect to be at the high end of the range. Now, looking at operating expenses, our SG&A in Q3 on a GAAP basis, SG&A expenses increased by 8% from Q3 last year to $143.8 million and were 38% of revenue, same as prior year. On a non-GAAP basis after excluding acquisition cost, primarily investment banking and legal fees for the Origio deal, SG&A expenses increased 5% from Q3 last year to $139.8 million or 37% of revenue, down 100 basis points from last year. Beginning in 2011, we have seen increased selling investment in both, CooperVision as well as CooperSurgical. Last year, we shared with you that we would be investing in this area. That investment resulted in some large year-over-year growth increases in the first half of 2012 due to our ramp up of spending which began in Q2 '11, which resulted in a run rate impact on Q1 and Q2 2012. Now, in 2013, we start to see those 2011 investments in both years, which as you can see has reduced the year-over-year growth rates. As kind of a follow-on, SG&A on a non-GAAP basis increased only 2%, sequentially. On the R&D front. In Q3, R&D increased by 12% year-over-year to $13.2 million, or up about 1.4 million and was 3.5% of revenue, up from 3.3% in Q3 '11. This increase is mainly attributable to additional staffing in both businesses as well as a variety of spending on new product development and clinicals. We would expect that R&D will grow faster than sales for the remainder of the year. Total operating expenses were 43% of revenue, similar to Q3 '11 and grew at about 8%. We are starting to see leveraging in the second half, and we continue to expect operating expenses to finish the year in the range of 43% to 44% of revenue. Our depreciation and amortization in Q3, depreciation was $21.9 million, up $2.1 million or 10% year-over-year and amortization was $5.9 million, up 400 K or 7% year-over-year for total of $27.8 million. The current estimate for the annual impact of Origio on our amortization is approximately $8 million and we took about $643,000 into our Q3 amortization number. Moving to operating margins, for Q3 consolidated GAAP operating income and margin were $77.3 million, or 20% of revenue versus $52 million, or 15% of revenue in Q3 '11. This represents a 49% increase in operating income over Q3 '11. On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes the Origio acquisition costs in the current year and the $14.2 million impact of the Avaira Toric recall in Q3 '11, operating income and margin were $81.3 million, or 21.5% of revenue versus 19% in the prior year. Interest expense was $2.3 million and we were expecting or are expecting Q4 '12 to be approximately $2.5 million. This should bring in the year on a non-GAAP basis to be about $11.5 million to $12 million for the year. As we mentioned last quarter, we amended our senior unsecured credit facility. You can read the details in our 8-K filed on May 31st. We took advantage of our S&P credit upgrade to investment grade to strengthen our capital structure. The amended facility is slightly larger, offers better pricing and maturity has been extended to May 31, 2017. In Q3, on a GAAP basis, we wrote off $1.4 million in unamortized debt issuance costs from the prior refinancing, which can be seen in the loss on extinguishment of debt line. Included in the other expense income line is, approximately $2.3 million of FX losses. As you'll remember from a few months ago, we experienced relatively sizable currency moves especially with the euro. This resulted in some FX losses associated with our intercompany loans. We do our best to minimize these types of losses or gains through our balance sheet hedging program, but we do experience fluctuations every quarter, so we will always have some gains or losses. Last year's third quarter showed a gain of approximately $500,000. On July 11, we announced that in conjunction with the voluntary public tender offer announced on June 4th of this year, that we completed the purchase of approximately 97% of the issued shares outstanding of Origio, a leading global in-vitro fertilization medical device company for an enterprise value of approximately $197 million, including $147.4 million in cash assumed $45.4 million of net debt, which was repaid shortly after the completion of the deal and approximately $4.5 million yet to be paid as of July 31st for the remaining shares. We are in the process of formally transferring all remaining shares to the company, which should happen by the end of the calendar year. As Bob mentioned, we are excited to strengthen our position in the IVF business. This deal provided an excellent opportunity to expand our women's healthcare franchise while using our significant offshore cash. For more details on this transaction, see our 8-K filed on July 11th. Looking at our effective tax rate, in Q3, the GAAP and non-GAAP effective tax rate was 6.2% and 6.1%, respectively versus Q3 '11 GAAP and non-GAAP effective tax rate of 10% and 11.2%. As we've discussed before, the effective tax rate continues to be below the U.S. statutory rate as majority of our income is earned in foreign jurisdictions with lower tax rates. We did see significant one-time benefits due to changes in the U.K. tax rate from 25% to 23%, which was enacted on July 17th this year, as well as other positive impacts to our deferred tax liabilities. Without these one-time items the effective tax rate would have been approximately 10% for the quarter. We are expecting our GAAP and non-GAAP effective tax rate for Q4 in the range of 9.5% to 10.5%, and the year to be in the range of 9% to 10%. For those of you following the stock comp, our stock-option compensation in Q3 was $4.6 million. EPS, as Bob mentioned, our Q3 EPS on a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis was $1.36 and the $1.45, respectively versus $0.90 and $1.15 on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis in Q3 '11. On December 15, 2011, we announced that the company's board of directors had authorized a share repurchase program of up to 150 million. As of the end of the first quarter, the company purchased approximately 663,000 shares of the company's common stock for $46.1 million at an average purchase price of $69.58 per share. In July, the company purchased an additional 321,000 shares of the company's stock for $25 million, at an average purchase price of $77.89 per share. This quarter's share repurchase due to the timing had no notable impact on EPS this quarter. The entire program is expected to have about $0.06 impact for the year. Looking at the balance sheet, in Q3, we had cash provided by operations of $78.1 million. Our capital expenditures $24.1 million, insurance recovery of $1.9 million and excluding professional fees on the Origio acquisition of $7 million results in about $62.9 million of free cash flow. Total debt increased within the quarter by $161 million to $480.1 million as a result of our purchase of Origio in July. Debt as a percent of the total capitalization is now 19%. This leaves us with approximately $546 million of total credit available at July 31st. Inventories increased by $15.6 million from last quarter of which $9.3 million is directly related to Origio. For the quarter, we are seeing months on hand at 6.6 months, up from months on hand at 4.9 months in Q3 '11, or if you adjust it for the Avaira recall, it would have been 5.9 months on hand. Excluding Origio, the majority of the inventory increase is primarily due to our single-use silicone lens ramp-up and our Biofinity Toric product. Accounts receivable continues to be closely monitored with DSOs at 52 days, down from 55 days, last year. With that let me turn it back to Kim.
Kim Duncan: Operator, I think, we are ready for some questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question today is from the line of Kim Gailun with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Kim Gailun - JPMorgan: I guess if I am limited to one question, I'd like to pick up on the 2013 commentary that you made in your prepared comments Bob. You made a comment there expecting another year of low double-digit EPS growth and then you noted the Medtech Tax there for women's health, so I just wanted to clarify that you're talking about double-digit EPS growth despite the tax and currency headwinds.
Bob Weiss: That's correct.
Kim Gailun - JPMorgan: Okay. Great. If I could squeeze in a follow-up, just curious with the new product launches in the quarter, so silicone hydrogel daily and then re-launch of Avaira Toric. Could you guys quantify the impact of those two in the quarter?
Bob Weiss: Yes. New products was fairly de minimis in terms of impacting top line growth. By de minimis, I mean, we got them up. We got products out the door. The impact on our third quarter was less than 1% in aggregate. 1% in the quarter.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Lawrence Keusch with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Lawrence Keusch - Raymond James: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. I guess just quickly here. With the Origio deal now being closed, obviously, good strategic acquisition for you guys, you used OUS cash but I'd love to get any thoughts on how you are thinking about the EPS accretion for next year. Then the other quick one is, just given all the startup expenses for Avaira, getting that out and the one-day silicone, I'm just curious how that impacted your gross margin. I'm just trying to understand what sort of underlying gross margin level you are going at right now.
Bob Weiss: Yes. As far as the impact of the Origio acquisition on 2013, we are still expecting it to be marginally accretive next year and near a breakeven this year as far as its impact on this year. Relative to Avaira Toric re-launch and the single-use silicone given the revenue so small on the quarter had marginal impact our margins for this period of time. In the fourth quarter guidance as well as in our outlook for next year, assume that the re-launch of Avaira Toric, and the rollout of single-use silicone is going to be more certainly a negative in terms of margins since we are investing behind both, products. Since you may recall that Avaira Toric when we fixed the problem that led to the recall, it did result in a step back of efficiency of making that product ballpark 30%, so we do have to hurdle some of that going forward. Longer term, we expect like anything else, we'll get more and more efficient yet getting some of those costs back, but short-term meaning over the next year, year-and-a-half, we are going to have some waitings on that which is built into our 2012 guidance and built into the comments I made about expecting a low double-digit growth in earnings per share next year.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Joanne Wuensch with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets: Thanks. Can you please comment on the competitive landscape? There is a lot of noise into quarter regarding some of your competitor product launches?
Bob Weiss: Yes. The competitor product launches, I would say, one of our competitors came out with a non-silicone hydrogel lens that thus far we haven't heard any catching momentum in the marketplace. Silicone hydrogel lenses in the one-day modality still are what I would call [nichey], while they are getting a lot of our noise it is more noise than results in terms of how it's impacting the entire market, so I think we have collectively more going on with the Proclear 1 Day Multifocal, which is getting a fair amount of positive reviews and we certainly can see some of its impact on our multifocal numbers. While it's early with our rollout of Biofinity, I mentioned Biofinity Multifocal, I should have said Biofinity Toric going into the Japanese market, so we have a plenty of new product activity out there more so than any of our competitors.
Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets: If I can squeeze one in please? Origio, how much did that contributed in the quarter?
Bob Weiss: $5.6 million on the top line and negligible impact on the bottom line.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert Baird. Please go ahead.
Jeff Johnson - Robert Baird: Two quick questions here. One on the Biofinity product line, 35% constant currency growth for this quarter. If I back out the Avaira side of that business, what did Biofinity itself grow, or can you at least ballpark? It's still up in the good 20%-plus range? Two, is the blended margin on that product, on the Biofinity family, if I try to roll all that together, is that north of 65% at this point?
Bob Weiss: Relative to gross margins for Biofinity, which is a monthly and is in the premium category, suffice it to say north of 65%. Relative to the growth of Biofinity, when compared to the overall growth of the silicone hydrogel family which is 35% worldwide, suffice it to say Biofinity's growing a lot faster than 35%.
Jeff Johnson - Robert Baird: Okay. Great. Then, last question just on your daily disposables business was up 13% constant currency this quarter. Obviously, the competitive daily silicone lenses have been out in Europe for at least nine months at this point from CIBA. Obviously, a couple of years for J&J, so that's at least some proxy. I would think, the European daily market, some proxy for what we could expect a year or two from now in the U.S, so what was your daily disposable business in Europe? How did it do this quarter against some of those competitive products?
Bob Weiss: Daily disposables in Europe certainly performed and held there. See, before I jump on that one. We held our own group. Well, I know what I need to do. I was almost going to give you the fact that it was fairly flat year-over-year, but that was only a result of foreign exchange, the euro. In constant currency, we certainly had the same growth rate in, let's say, double-digit growth in Europe in constant currency, so it held its own, meaning Proclear 1 Day is doing well in the one-day market, not only rest of the world but also in Europe.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steve Willoughby, Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Given the softer results you saw last quarter, I know you guys made the comments that you are going to tighten up expenses a little bit, which it looks like you guys did a good job of this quarter. I was just wondering what your thoughts were now that the revenue and organic growth came back this quarter. How are you guys are managing and how tight are you managing SG&A expenses?
Bob Weiss: We certainly, as the euro did its thing to our second quarter results, tightened our belt. To some degree, we tightened our belt, because we had been rapidly expanding our operating expenses investing in feet on the street, if you will, investing in R&D and investing in geographic expansion. Some of that we will continue to do. The things that we went slower on were those that were easier things to do that didn't impact the business such as, instead of always getting on a plane and flying and having a face-to-face meeting, more conference calls. When you have lot of people crisscrossing the globe, if you put a cap on what's crucial to be face-to-face and what's not you can save fair amount of money. Ultimately, you want people in front of people because they form better bonding and all that, so it is not you don't do forever, but you do that in short-term matters, if you will. I would say the things we did in the quarter by way of holding back expenses were easy to do as opposed to tough decisions in any reduction in force, if you will. Going forward, there are areas that we clearly are intent on putting resources behind. I would say we are building some momentum in, for example, China, where we've hired a few key critical people to manage that process, so that will lead in more investment opportunity in China as we've started to build the infrastructure. That's been going on all along. We did not slow that up, we in fact hired the key people we needed over the last six months. That will continue to allow us to grow more in that area and invest more in that area. We didn't want to get the carts in front of the horse and start hiring a bunch of people on feet on the street without having the management oversight. Relative to investment in new products and the re-launch of Avaira Toric, suffice it to say we will be over the next 12, 15 months investing fairly substantially in some of those areas, behind the new products.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Matthew O'Brien, William Blair. Please go ahead.
Matthew O'Brien - William Blair: Good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. I was curious on the CVI guidance for Q4. When I look at the high end of the range, it imply the growth rate of around 5.5% which is basically what you just put up in fiscal Q3, even though the comparison gets a little bit easier here in Q4. I'm just curious why the caution into Q4 given the strong momentum you are seeing in the business?
Bob Weiss: Well, in our guidance obviously we had a fair amount of impact of foreign exchange in the third quarter $14 million and we expect substantially the same amount in the fourth quarter given year-over-year comp, so in organic constant currency, I think our guidance fits that range what we just delivered at the top end.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo: On daily products, can you tell us a little bit about where the margins are? How the manufacturing is going? Is it still a drag on the margin? When you will get to stable margin there, and are you still capacity constrained for one-day. Then just lastly, for the Analyst Meeting next week, Bob, can you talk little bit about whether you give long-term financial goals and any other flavor? What we can expect from the meeting? Thanks.
Bob Weiss: As far as the gross margin of one-day's, in general, we've been doing a pretty good job of getting cost out. Keep in mind that the bulk of one-day product is essentially all non-silicone hydrogel, and that's a lot of Proclear 1 Day as well as some in Japan, for example, some products other than the Proclear material. In both cases, both materials, Proclear and non-Proclear, we've done a good job of offsetting which has led to what I would call improvingly respectable one-day margins, but keep in mind those margins will still have a hard time of ever achieving that of a two-week or monthly. There is no expectation they'll get that high. There will always be, I think I used 50s, 60s, 70s example. Typically the one-day will be in the 50s, some place and you're doing good if you're in the top half of the 50s. Some of our products there in the two-weeks, you should be in the 60s-some place, and in the monthly you should be in the upper 60s, into the 70s usually. In our case, Biofinity is the lead product, and we expect it to stay well north of the 70s, so the answer to that one-day, while it's becoming a bigger part of the overall mix, that's a negative on the positive. It is getting a better gross margin. We will step back relative to the rollout of the one-day silicone hydrogel. That is just not going to be a high gross margin product for the near future, if you will. Analyst Meeting, we will give some flavor where we are going directionally, but we will not get into giving more color on, let's say, guidance on 2013. Directionally, we will talk about why we expect operating ratios to continue to improve into the future and put some color behind that, but a lot of it we will focusing on putting a lot more meat and color behind what we talk about our businesses, what they look like in more greater detail.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chris Cooley with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Chris Cooley - Stephens: Thank you and good evening for taking the questions. If you could Bob, could you tell us a little bit about the new product pipeline for Origio, products like EmbryoGen and EmbryoSure. Is that included in your guidance when you are thinking about the modest accretion for next year? Then just for clarification if I can squeeze two in like everybody else? You said in your prepared comments that you were ahead of plan in terms of your manufacturing capacity on all, but one product now. Could you maybe just remind us again where you are in terms of production capabilities? Thanks so much.
Bob Weiss: Yes. On the Origio, of course, we haven't given revenue guidance for next year. We did indicate that from a accretion point of view it's accretive. There is no change to that and there is, in our underlying assumptions, no major product launches in 2013, but of course Origio is actively working on to have a R&D pipeline, if you will, that anticipate some new products coming through it. We will add a little bit of color to not only Origio, but rest of surgical at the Analyst Presentation, so that may lend some more thoughts in that line of questioning. As far as the capacity, we are in good shape with capacity relative to most of our one-day line, axe silicone hydrogel. Meaning, the Proclear family as well as the other hydrogel families are not capacity constrained, Biofinity continues to ramp up nicely. We are not capacity constrained with Biofinity and we continue to endeavor to keep up with the growth curve, so when you have a business growing north of 35% constant currency, and you have lead capital requirements of 12 months-plus, then we stay on top of it from a CapEx point of view, which we are doing, so I don't anticipate that would, at this juncture catch us by surprise off of our product line with our silicone hydrogels doing north of $118 million, so now at a run rate of close to $500 million annualized. Assume that is predominately Biofinity gives you some gauge at the capacity we in that arena already. The products where we are constrained is, the Avaira line not only constrained on the Toric, but somewhat on the sphere side, partly because we stepped back and gave up some productivity when we had the recall episode. Aside from that, we are ramping up in those areas and we are ramping up in the one-day silicone hydrogel modality. I would assume both, Avaira Toric and the one-day silicone hydrogels will be somewhat constraint for at least the next 12 months in terms of our ability to sell all we can make, would be the case of the one-day silicone hydrogel more than 12 months.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Anthony Petrone with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies: Thanks for taking my question. Just going to sneak a couple in there. One quick for Greg. The 9% to 10% tax rate guided for the fourth quarter. Is that reflective of noticeable benefits from Origio given their overseas revenues, and is that sort of the rate we should be thinking about for '13? I think it's down from 10% to 11%. Then for Bob, just multifocals is a smaller portion of the overall business, but it's growing double the market based on the latest statistics of your businesses, is that mostly Biofinity related or Proclear related within the multifocal category? Thanks.
Greg Matz: Yes. For the tax rate, one, we're not giving guidance for next year at this point for the effective tax rate. Origio, we obviously just purchased Origio, we are evaluating their structure. They do have a lot offshore, but at this point we don't see a strong difference or strong impact to our tax rate. Again, we still are looking and evaluating that with our tax professionals and their rates to what extent is included in the 9.5% to 10.5% for the fourth quarter guidance that Bob mentioned or I mentioned earlier.
Bob Weiss: As far as the multifocal growth of course the market for the quarter was 11%, in the calendar quarter we were 31%. On a trailing 12-month basis the market growth for multi-focal was 10%. We grew 21%, 2x. The driver clearly is Biofinity Multifocal, and we are just starting to build momentum in our rollout of Proclear 1 Day Multifocal. That would have had insignificant impact given fairly small size in the last quarter on any of those numbers, so assume that essentially the trailing 12-month number is essentially all the Biofinity impact driving.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Amit Bhalla with Citi. Please go ahead.
Amit Bhalla - Citi: Hi. Bob, I just had two quick ones. First on Origio. With the deal closing on July 11th, you booked $5.6 million in the last two weeks, so can you just explain how you booked that much in just two weeks? Second on fiscal '13, since you indicated that you probably won't be talking much about guidance at the analyst meeting. Can you at least put some context around how you are thinking about the top line growth for '13, either relative to the market or in absolute terms? Thanks.
Greg Matz: Amit, I'll jump in and take the Origio question. This is Greg. The $5.6 million was booked for the entire month of July. We looked that, because of the fact that we were closing so quickly, their ability to be able to breakout the revenue for from the 11th forward, we ended up taking the whole month. Now in evaluating, we did an analysis evaluating the amount of difference in that seven business days, because they are more back-end loaded, so the 5.6 even though it's the whole month, we believe that there wasn't a whole lot. In fact, we were thinking of something around $1 million, $1.5 million difference between a whole month and that's the cutoff period.
Bob Weiss: As far as 2013 and going forward, how are we thinking about the market from a conceptual point of view is, we expect the market to continue to grow modestly in that range of 4% to 6%, still in a sluggish economy. Someday, I clearly expect that to accelerate beyond the recession. While we say we are recession-resistant, we are still somewhat impacted and when the global economy improves, I would expect the 4% to 6% to uptick higher than a midpoint of 5. In terms of how to think about our performance within the market, we'll continue to expect to gain share with the new products we offer with geographic expansion in our general existing portfolio products such as Biofinity, we will gain share. In the past, we've been gaining at 1.8 to 1.9, the market growth. Essentially all we are saying in the future is, we will gain share. Whether or not we achieve the same level, we're not going to, if you will, refine that thinking other than to say we'll continue to uptick and gain share in our view. I would emphasize that as a trailing 12-month basis as opposed to where we gain share in each and every quarter. One quarter a trend does not make, so I wouldn't get too hung upon any one quarter. I would get hung up, if we were losing share on a trailing 12-month basis. As far as surgical, CooperSurgical will be impacted by the annualization of Origio, which brings with it north of $60 million in revenue and we expect that to grow organically as well as contribute from the acquisition. Surgical has been growing axe Origio general in that 6% to 8% range, and we would expect it to continue to be mid to upper single-digit growth going forward.
Operator: With that we'll conclude today's Q&A session, and I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Bob Weiss for some closing remarks.
Bob Weiss: Well, I want to thank everyone for joining us on this call, and we look forward to seeing many of you in New York, next week, and also reporting in December, on our year-end financial results. The year is certainly flying by. We're excited about the conclusion of the year and the execution this year and looking forward optimistically to 2013, so on that, have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude today's conference. Thank you very much for joining us and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-06-08 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Kim Duncan  Senior Director, IR Bob Weiss  President and CEO Greg Matz  VP and CFO
Analysts: Jeff Johnson  Robert W. Baird Kim Gailun  JPMorgan Matthew O'Brien  William Blair Joanne Wuensch  BMO Capital Markets Larry Keusch  Raymond James Steve Willoughby  Cleveland Research Company Amit Bhalla  Citi Larry Biegelsen  Wells Fargo
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the second quarter 2012 The Cooper Companies Incorporated earnings conference call. My name is Regina, and I will be your conference operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Today's event is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Ms. Kim Duncan, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon, and welcome to The Cooper Companies' second quarter 2012 earnings conference call. I'm Kim Duncan, Senior Director of Investor Relations. And joining me on today's call are Bob Weiss, President and Chief Executive Officer; Greg Matz, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Al White, VP, Investor Relations, Treasurer and Chief Strategic Officer. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance, and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market conditions and integration of any acquisitions. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise, and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption 'Forward-Looking Statements' in today's earnings release, and are described in our SEC filings, including the business section of Cooper's Annual Report on Form 10-K. These are publicly available and on request from the company's Investor Relations department. Now, before I turn the call over to Bob, let me comment on the agenda. Bob will begin by providing highlights on the quarter, followed by Greg who will then discuss the second quarter financial results. We will keep the formal presentation to roughly 30 minutes then open up the call for questions. We expect the call to last approximately one hour. We request that anyone asking questions, please limit yourselves to one question. Should you have any additional questions, please call our Investor line at 925-460-3663 or email ir@cooperco.com. As a reminder, this call is being webcast and a copy of the earnings release is available through the Investor Relations section of the Cooper Companies' website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bob for his opening remarks.
Bob Weiss: Thank you, Kim, and good afternoon and evening, everyone. We continue to maintain the same strategy and we continue to execute on it. This quarter was another successful step within our long-range objectives of taking market share, posting gross margin expansion, investing in infrastructure, delivering double digit earnings per share growth and delivering significant free cash flow. Let me address the elephant in the room, however, and that's our results versus analyst expectations. First off, as we discussed last quarter, we did have costs tied to the Avaira recall, the start-up costs on the single-use silicone hydrogel lens, Biofinity start-up costs in Puerto Rico, and higher manufacturing costs for Avaira, so nothing new on that side. More importantly, for new items, if you will, year-over-year currency reduced revenues $4.8 million or $0.07 in earnings per share. Outside of that was another $0.02 for shutdown expenses associated with our Australian manufacturing plant and a smaller amount of start-up -- or shutdown costs tied in with our CooperSurgical acquisition of Summit Doppler which was acquired in 2011. Most of these were built into our previous annual guidance we provided in the first quarter of 2012 or our call in March. In fact, overall, we were quite pleased with much of our progress and particularly our gross margins. Even given the current foreign exchange impact and the overall economy, we have left intact of our guidance range for the year excluding the charges associated with the recent credit refinancing or the non-GAAP, if you will. Some other key events or takeaways today to consider, our strong cash flow led us in the quarter to get upgraded by S&P to a triple-B-minus in investment grade. This update in our financial strength also led to a recent amend and extend of our credit agreement, increasing our credit to a $1 billion line of credit, lowering our interest borrowing grid, eliminating our term loans and extending our lines of credit for the $1 billion to May 2017 or 16 months. We recently announced a very exciting acquisition where we have tendered to purchase Origio, the world's number one IVF company. This is a perfect fit with our existing IVF business which has been doing great. One other very important note of course is the relaunch of Avaira Toric following receipt of clearance from the FDA. Our silicone hydrogel family is driving our growth. During the second quarter, our silicone hydrogel family continued on its path to sponsoring our overall revenue growth. Silicon revenues -- silicone hydrogel revenues were up 32% to $103.8 million in constant currency. The family now reflects 36% of CVIs -- or CooperVision's sales. The exciting rollout of Biofinity Multifocal [into $150 million] plus silicone hydrogel multifocal market continues. We are very pleased to now be returning to the marketplace with our Avaira Toric relaunch. This will once again allow us to aggressively get behind the Avaira product family targeting the two-week part of the US market, which accounts for over 50% of U.S. market and is largely owned by J&J's Vistakon. Geographically, foreign exchange has taken its toll on the second quarter. Foreign exchange negatively impacted CooperVision sales by 1.7%, almost 2%, or $4.6 million. This is the first meaningful foreign exchange headwinds we've had in quite a while. CooperVision revenue growth was 6% in constant currency. Regionally, we have had solid results in constant currency with perhaps the Americas being somewhat the soft spot for out-the-door revenues during the fiscal quarter, reflecting softness in the market in the last two weeks of April which rebounded quite nicely in May. Recently, the Americas was up in constant currency 4% during the quarter, Europe up 6%, Asia Pacific up 10%, overall worldwide 6% in constant currency. Our growth drivers were in the Americas trading up to Biofinity including the success of Biofinity Multifocal, as well as the solid performance in the 1 Day category by Proclear 1 Day Sphere. In Europe, it was same as the Americas, Biofinity, including Biofinity Multifocal sponsoring growth. In Asia Pacific, primarily the Biofinity Sphere launched in Japan and Proclear 1 Day Sphere throughout the region. The overall soft contact lens business grew in constant currency 6% during the calendar quarter or in the first quarter of 2012, while CVI CooperVision was up 12% in constant currency. On a trailing 12-month basis, a key way we look at it, the market was up 5%, and we were up 9% on the strength of Biofinity and Proclear 1 Day. For the calendar quarter, the market grew -- growth was sponsored by silicone hydrogels, multifocals, torics and 1 Days. I might point out that silicone hydrogel information typically in our earnings release is not there. It was not available from industry sources on a worldwide basis. The market continues to be a trade-up market with geographic expansion an accelerating contributor. Trading up includes the premium products, silicone hydrogel, lenses, torics and multifocals. Trade-up to a silicone hydrogel is a 20% to 40% increase. More importantly, a trade up to a one-day disposable gross revenue per patient 400% to 600%. The one-day wear generates 300% to 500% more profit. Toric and multifocal have a long way to go capturing the market opportunity particularly outside the US. Geographically, softness in Europe for the quarter plus 2% was more than made up by a strong Americas which was up 10%. CooperSurgical, our women's healthcare franchise, had another solid quarter. With $57 million in revenues, it was up 13% or 8% excluding acquisitions. Drivers continue to be surgical procedures, hospital and same-day surgery, where revenue was up 22% and now accounts for 39% of CooperSurgical. Devices used by gynecologists during laparoscopic procedures such as closure systems, retractors, injectors, uterine manipulators and related trades are driving the growth in this area. Importantly, these are high-margin items. CooperSurgicals overall gross profit margin during the quarter achieved a very impressive 68%, while its operating income hit another all-time high of 29%. As Ive commented frequently in the past, we will look for ways to continue to leverage this franchise. Our recently announced acquisition targeting Origio in IVF does just that. With this acquisition, we will be number one in the global position in IVF, a market that is truly global in nature. I might add without getting too much into the details of how it will operate within Cooper, turning idle cash yielding 0.4% of interest into a return on invested capital well north of 10% is a great way to maximize our return on invested capital and related shareholder return. Like anything else, sometimes acquisitions become a show-me story. At any rate, we are excited by the possibilities of the Origio strategic fit to our global CooperSurgical business to leverage our use of free cash flow and to maximize our global tax structures. Guidance, we refresh our guidance even with the headwinds caused by foreign exchange, including the impact of our second quarter top and bottom line of foreign exchange, we are not changing our non-GAAP earnings per share guidance. Not only do the fundamentals of our business remain strong, but we have essentially completed most of our hiring and now expect SG&A to remain relatively flat in the third quarter and the fourth quarter. In other words, we'll start leveraging our selling and marketing investments of the past two years. And so I know, a lot of you might have questions of how big was foreign exchange headwinds -- how big was it? Let's say, it was big. In addition to a $0.11 year-to-date impact on earnings per share, including $0.04 from the first quarter, there is a $0.19 impact at the current rates in the third quarter and a $0.14 impact in the fourth quarter once again at the current rates. Recall the euro was at its highest point in our fiscal third quarter last year when it averaged $1.43. It's now off of those exchange rates 13%. For the year that -- then, we've built in $0.44 of headwinds into our 2011 comps into our guidance. Our GAAP guidance has been adjusted for refinancing, but not for the potential impact of a successful Origio tender offer. We are, however, more comfortable with increasing the lower end of our guidance for revenue. We have taken the top end of our -- I'm sorry, weve taken our top end of CVI guidance down $5 million and the top end of CooperSurgical up the same amount, reflecting the strength of CooperSurgical's year-to-date results. The top end lowering at CVI reflects the weakness due to foreign exchange. We remain optimistic that some of our new CVI launches, Proclear 1 Day Multifocal, single-use silicone hydrogel lenses and Biofinity Toric into Japan, and the relaunch of Avaira Toric will sustain constant currency revenue growth in the second half of 2012, allowing us to continue to gain share on a trailing 12-month basis. We are continuing with our successful strategy. We believe it is solid, and it has delivered results. CooperSurgical is putting up outstanding results and is leveraging its infrastructure. This franchise was built with the solid understanding of value of critical mass in a women's healthcare market targeting the OB/GYN. We follow the professionals wherever they go, office, surgi center, hospital or IVF centers. Although the call points are different for each, the leverage is considerable. CooperSurgical's second quarter 2012 gross profit was 68%, its operating margins 29%. And due to minimal CapEx requirements, CooperSurgical is a significant contributor to our free cash flow. We are dedicated to the strategy and will continue to tuck in -- to do tuck-in acquisitions to leverage the CooperSurgical infrastructure. At CooperVision, the strategy is more complex and it is much more global in nature. In the $7 billion soft contact lens industry, because of the uniqueness of our manufacturing platform and product portfolio, we are the only participant that promote silicone hydrogel and non- silicone hydrogel lenses that is the Proclear family. We emphasize branded and non-branded products. Note, private-label, you may recall, does not mean lowering the price. In fact, we actively promote and specialize in custom lenses with a high gross profit of course. We support all modalities that eye care professional prescribes, one-day, two-week and monthly lenses and we support all types of lenses, spheres, torics and multifocals. With close to 30% share in the high-growth specialty lens categories, torics and multifocals, it is acknowledged by eye care professionals that we're pretty good at specialty contact lenses. Few would challenge why the success of Biofinity Toric for astigmatism. Put a great design together with a great material and great things can happen. We have seen similar success for the same reason with Biofinity Multifocal which shipped to the market in the middle of last year. On the capacity front, with the exception of Avaira Toric, we are ahead of plan to deliver considerably more product where we had previously been supply constrained. The Biofinity family, Proclear one-day, our one-day torics are all ramping up nicely. On pricing, we, like the rest of the soft contact lens industry, have a trade-up strategy. Our new wearers and existing wearers are targeted for silicone hydrogel lenses, the Proclear family and the one-day or single-use lenses. Each creates more revenue per wear. A one-day modality for example results in a 4x to 6x more revenue per wear. While this strategy sacrifices the gross profit margin i.e. percent, it generally generates three to five times more profit per wear. Of course, the strategy competes head on with the lens care space since we are shifting the wearers' resources from lens care to contact lenses only. Competing for lens care dollars is more of a [front] system of our competitors. In my opinion, we continue to be the most focused company in the industry lacking many of the distractions that some of our competitors are now going through. I might add, Biofinity, Avaira and Proclear, with them in our portfolio, we have a lot to talk about with eye care professionals around the globe. As we look down the road over the next several years, we expect to continue improving operating margins and delivering above-average shareholder returns. We expect to continue to deliver double-digit earnings per share growth while investing in geographic expansion and new product developments. In today's market, we have a solid product portfolio to leverage in all modalities, multiple materials and all types, and we retain our expertise to emphasize customizing lenses for the 10% to 20% of those wearers requiring other than standard lens sizes and/or designs. We have a lot of work to do before we can come anywhere close to having exploited our number one contact lens family Biofinity. This is particularly true when it comes to geographic expansion and fully developing Biofinity family of torics and multifocals around the world. The same applies to Avaira where the Avaira Sphere has been anxiously awaiting the relaunch of Avaira Toric. The combination will put us in a much better position to exploit the US two-week space owned by J&J and to also exploit our private label strategy more aggressively with this family. While we already have pretty respectable gross profit and operating margins, from a cost perspective, we have considerable upside yet to be fully developed. Upsides include the elimination of silicone hydrogel royalty in September 2014 in the United States and in March 2016 throughout the rest of the world. The reduction of our manufacturing costs, among other things, improving molding cycle times, increasing capacity utilization and improving yields in general is also one of our key goals. Also, given the considerable amount of free cash flow we generate, we will continue to look for tuck-in acquisitions and geographic expansion opportunities in our two businesses that exceed our hurdle rates. The markets for both women's healthcare and soft contact lenses are so much less developed outside the US. We generate a considerable amount of cash offshore due in part to our level of manufacturing outside the US. As such, we will continue to aggressively invest in global expansion opportunities. With over 95% of the people on the planet outside of the US, we believe we will find opportunities to invest in other countries for decades to come, thereby retaining our low effective tax rate indefinitely. Finally, as was the case in the first quarter when the stock was suppressed, we even demonstrated we are at times even willing to buy in some of our own stock, although we did not have any purchases this past quarter. In summary, before I turn it over to Greg, second quarter 2012 moved us down the path to another successful fiscal year in 2012. We've put up solid market share gains, grew revenue, improved our gross profit and operating margins versus the prior year, delivered solid free cash flow and even restructured and extended our investment grade debt. Biofinity and Proclear 1 Day are sponsoring solid market share gains even before we roll out Biofinity Toric in Japan, single-use silicones later this year, and the Proclear 1 Day multifocal. Additionally, we now are re-launching Avaira Toric to hit the US two-week market head-on. While I didn't comment on it when we -- didn't comment on it, we are starting to see results with our investment in sales and marketing, R&D, mainly D, and geographic expansion. In spite of an economy that remains sluggish, we remain as an industry recession resistant and believe, consistent with past 30 years, our industry will remain so in the future. Consistent with our recently announced IVF tender offer for Origio, we expect to continue to complete tuck-in acquisitions to support our women's healthcare franchise. Finally, lest I forget to remind you, our number one asset is our dedicated employees. They continue to deliver results even in poor economic times. To them, once again, a big thank you. With that I'll turn it over to Greg.
Greg Matz: Thanks, Bob, and good afternoon, everyone. Let me just quickly highlight that our Q2 GAAP and non-GAAP numbers are the same. Bob has given you a pretty thorough view of our revenue picture, so let me start with gross margins. In Q2, the consolidated gross margins were 64% compared with 62% for GAAP and non-GAAP in Q2 last year. CooperSurgical had a gross margin of 68%, which compares to Q2 '11 of 65%. This improvement was mainly due to manufacturing efficiencies and favorable product mix, especially in the surgical space. As Bob mentioned, products like closure systems and uterine manipulators, to name a couple, continue to do well as they also have better than average gross margins. Looking at CooperVision, CooperVision reported gross margin just over 63% versus 61.5% in Q2 last year. As you can see, we had a strong gross margin quarter for this business. The increase was attributable to many different components like the completion of our Norfolk closure effective last year, which contributed about 130 basis points to CooperVision's gross margin. In addition, we had favorable product mix with silicone hydrogel sales now representing 36% of revenue, up 29% from last year and 32% on a constant currency basis. Excuse me. During the last call, we had a cautious outlook on CooperVision's gross margin due to numerous items which the team was in the early stages of working through. Our gross margin came in better than planned due to a couple of key items, a host of smaller items which I won't go into, but which seem to all go in the right direction. We had mentioned the startup of our first Biofinity line in Puerto Rico and the startup costs came in less than expected. We also had a strong product mix, including continued growth of Biofinity, as well as lower cost for single use silicone than was planned for in Q2. Going forward, we still have some challenges. We continue to make progress on the cost side of the Avaira product line, but we do see increased costs overall related to the changes in the process we made as we worked through the recall and improved the product. As we mentioned last time, the introduction of a single-use silicone lens also will negatively impact gross margins as we will be producing the product for the entire quarter in Q3 versus a partial quarter in Q2. It's typical to see inefficiency type variance in the early periods for product rollout. We also continue to look at the currency impact, especially on the revenue line, with the specific impact on gross margins. All this being said, we are optimistic based on the gross margin progress we've made over the last couple of years, as well as the first half of this year. We are expecting to see our gross margin for the year being in the range of 63.5% to 64%, with Q4 being a little better than Q3. As we've discussed in prior years, we do see negative manufacturing variances come through in Q3 related to Q1 inefficiency, including the impact of the large number of holidays, our annual plant shutdown and other types of activities. Such variances are capitalized and rolled to the P&L five months later as reflective of our inventory turns. Now, looking at operating expenses, for SG&A, in Q2, SG&A expenses increased by 8% from Q2 last year to $137 million and were 40% of revenue versus 39% in Q2 last year. This is generally attributable to added investment we have been discussing over the last year, which has resulted in increased sales and marketing expenses for things like free lenses, commissions, new hires associated with generating higher revenue, and expenses for new product launches like Biofinity Multifocal and Proclear 1 Day Multifocal, which was launched in this quarter Q3. We have seen increased selling investment at both CooperVision as well as CooperSurgical. Last year, we highlighted that we'd be investing. The investment really did not start to ramp up until March/April timeframe, which when you look at the first half of 2012 compared to prior year, it leads to some higher expense growth rates due to the run rate effect of the earlier investments. To help highlight this impact, SG&A only increased 4% sequentially. On the R&D front, we have talked about investing in our business and R&D. It is one of those areas where we continue to make investments. In Q2, R&D increased by 25% year over year to $13 million, or up about $2.6 million, and was 3.8% of revenue, up from 3.2% of revenue in Q2 11 and 3.5% sequentially. This increase is mainly attributable to additional staffing in both businesses, as well as a variety on spending on new product development and clinicals. We would expect that R&D will continue to grow faster than sales for the remainder of the year. Looking at the total operating expenses, which were 45% of revenue for Q2 and grew at about 10%, overall we believe we will start to see some more leveraging in the second half and we would expect operating expenses to finish the year in the range of 43% to 44% of revenue. Depreciation and amortization, in Q2, depreciation was $21.5 million, up $2.7 million or 14% year over year, and amortization was $5.3 million, up $0.5 million or 11% year-over-year, for a total of about $26.8 million. As we discussed in the last call, the amortization expense increased year-over-year to reflect the increased amortization of intangibles on the several deals we completed last year. Moving to operating margins, for Q2, consolidated operating income and margin were $65.4 million or 19% of revenue versus $60.3 million or 18.5% of revenue in Q2 11. This represents a 9% increase in operating income over Q2 11. Interest expense, our interest expense was $3.1 million and was $1.2 million or 28% lower than Q2 last year. This reflects reduced borrowings and lower interest rates resulting from the refinancing in Q1 11 and the redemption of senior notes completed at the beginning of Q2 11. As Bob mentioned earlier, we just amended our senior unsecured credit facility. You can read the details in our 8-K filed on May 31st. We took advantage of our S&P credit upgrade to investment grade to strengthen our capital structure. The amended facility is slightly larger, offers better pricing and maturity has been extended to May 31, 2017. From an accounting perspective, we'll be writing off about $1.4 million in unamortized fees in Q3. Excluding these fees, we now expect interest expense to be $11.5 million to $12 million for the year. While I'm on our capital structure, in June 4, we announced that we had tendered an offer to acquire all of the issued shares and warrants of Origio, a leading global in vitro fertilization medical device company for an enterprise value of approximately $189 million, including $151 million in equity plus approximately $38 million of net debt. As Bob mentioned, we are excited to strengthen our position in the IVF business. We anticipate we'll close this deal in Q3 this year. This deal provides an excellent opportunity to expand our women's healthcare franchise while using our significant offshore cash. If we were to repatriate the cash, this would create a heavy tax burden, so this deal is very opportunistic. For more details on this tender offer, see our 8-K filed on June 4. Effective tax rate in Q2, the effective tax rate was 12.4% versus Q2 '11, GAAP of 11%, non-GAAP at 12.8%. As we've discussed before, the effective tax rate continues to be below the US statutory rate as a majority of our income is earned in foreign jurisdictions with lower tax rate. The year-over-year GAAP tax rate increase is mainly due to the Q2 '11 charge of $16.5 million, for the loss on a repurchase of the senior notes, which included a write-off of about $4.4 million of unamortized issuance costs and redemption premium of $12.1 million. From a model perspective, a number of you were using a tax rate of approximately 11% versus the 12.4% we incurred in Q2. This would impact pure EPS by roughly $0.02. We are holding our effective tax rate guidance at the 10% to 12%. Just an FYI, we do experience quarterly fluctuations and the second quarter tends to be our highest quarterly rate. Stock option comp for your models, Q2 is 4.7 million. EPS, as Bob mentioned, Q2 EPS was $1.12 versus $0.73 and $1.02 on a GAAP -- I'm sorry, $1.12 versus $0.73 and $1.02 on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis, respectively. We were impacted by currencies, especially with the euro softening by approximately 6%, and our year-over-year impact due to currency was about $0.07. We also had some restructuring activity in Australia for CooperVision and Summit Doppler for medical for about $900,000 or $0.02. In Q2, we had an additional $1.2 million or $0.02 impact in what we consider operational costs directly related to the Avaira recall, which were split $400,000 as a reduction of revenue for customer concessions and $800,000 to operating expenses, for things like reviewing and reloading fitting sets to ensure there were no lenses impacted by the recall still in the fitting sets. We did not repurchase any stock during the quarter, as Bob had mentioned earlier. Liquidity, in Q2, we had cash provided by operations of $80.6 million, capital expenditures of $23.1 million, insurance recovery of $3.2 million, which resulted in $60.7 million of free cash flow. Total debt decreased within the quarter by $91 million to $319.3 million. Debt as a percent of capitalization is now 14%, down from 17.3% in Q1 and down from 23% in Q2 '11. This leaves us with approximately $697 million of total credit available at April 30. Inventories increased by $13.3 million from last quarter with 6.9 months on hand up from 6.1 months on hand in Q2 '11. Avaira Toric makes up a large portion of this increase, as well as our one-day products like Proclear 1 Day and our newly-launched Proclear 1 Day Multifocal. Looking at accounts receivable, our AR continues to be closely monitored with DSOs at 53 days, down from 54 days last year. Our current DSOs in Europe, I thought was noteworthy, have actually improved over the prior year, but we continue to carefully watch our European DSOs in light of all the activity in Europe these days. With that let me turn it over to Kim for the Q&A session.
Kim Duncan: Operator, we are ready to take some calls -- questions, sorry.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And your first question today comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert W. Baird.
Jeff Johnson  Robert W. Baird: Thank you. Good afternoon. Can you hear me guys?
Bob Weiss: We can hear you good.
Jeff Johnson  Robert W. Baird: Okay, good. Hey, Bob, just one question I guess in multi parts, what qualifies as one question, but on the revenue side we've been hearing from a lot of our consumer companies whether thats contact lenses or dental or what have you, that April looked somewhat slow, you're talking about the same thing. Is that all that's in the comments you made about April being slow and May picking back up? Was there anything specific to your business or the way your products are bought? And how sustainable then do you think the May pick up is? That's the first part. And then Avaira, I think, you had a very tough comp this quarter. If I remember, last year Avaira did extremely well in the fiscal Q1. Last quarter it sounds like Avaira was up year-over-year even after the recall. This quarter my guess is, it's down year-over-year, but could you give us any color there? And then why was Proclear down on a constant currency basis in the quarter? Just trying to understand that a little bit better. Thanks.
Bob Weiss: All right. You got your moneys worth there, Jeff. The softness on the market in April, youre right, we went through February and March feeling pretty good about things, actually started off pretty good in April, and then it just slowed. Typically you would expect strong finish towards the end of a quarter, but it just didn't happen, it flat-lined. The good news is when we did get into May, it normalized. We had a very respectable May and kind of felt good on a year-to-date basis. And I might point out, when you look at the fourth quarter -- first quarter numbers in CLI data, our last page of the release, it was a very robust quarter for both the industry and for Cooper, 6% and 12%. So weve had a sustained market growth, probably not, was -- so was April, a little bit of a correction, maybe. But no hard -- nothing hard on that. But the feedback youve got seemed to be universal. There was a lot of softness for whatever reason towards -- throughout the April month, if you will. As far as Avaira year-over-year, your memory is excellent. A year ago, we were of course launching Avaira Toric, and so the Avaira product family was doing fine. This year, it doesnt really have any of the benefits of a launch. Getting Avaira Toric back on the market did not influence our top line, it in fact took a lot of energy. Once we got the approval to relaunch Avaira Toric, that meant a lot of time and energy went into putting together fitting sets, which we have to do with a toric lens, entails a lot of energy upfront because it's an RX product and thousands and thousands of fitting sets have to be eventually put together refreshed and put back out into the marketplace over time. So the comp is that Avaira year over year did not grow, unlike the first quarter, it declined. Proclear family was down. It was down as much as anything because we're pretty aggressively doing the trading up of silicone hydrogel. Of course, a lot of Proclear is in the monthly category and Biofinity continues to rule. So, that's a factor. I would say that the Proclear 1 Day, which is really the catalyst of our growth within Proclear right now, is -- continues to do very well, it was up 13% worldwide. And let me just check, on a constant currency, I think it was up 15% in constant currency. So we're happy with that. When we look at our portfolio, you have the one day and that's going to be Proclear 1 Day, you have the two-week, and that's now going to be the Avaira family and you have Biofinity in the monthly. So it would not be unusual for, even the Proclear family, they get caught up in a market that is shifting out of hydrogels and in aggregate into silicone hydrogels. Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kim Gailun with JPMorgan.
Kim Gailun  JPMorgan: Hi there. Thanks for taking the question. Can you hear me okay?
Bob Weiss: I can hear you fine.
Kim Gailun  JPMorgan: Great. So, first question is on currency. You talked through the impact in the quarter and then what your expectations are for the back half of the year, but hoping you could just talk a little bit more on that piece. By my math it looks like you guys are implying about a 70% drop-through from that revenue line down to EPS line from currency. So, hoping you could talk through that, why that's so high and maybe bring the yen in there too. And then, why at this point in the year didn't you look to kind of know that EPS guidance range?
Bob Weiss: Good questions. Let me first try and then I'll ask, Greg, if you want to add anything to it. On currency, that model in the past we've always kind of said, look, if currency drops or increases 1% worldwide against the dollar, that means basically around $0.04 a year on a worldwide basis, assuming everything moves in parity. What didn't happen at all by far is parity. And the euro, if you think of our model, if you want to build a better model, you would think of about almost 30% of our revenue comes through in European currencies x the pound. And so when that moves against us as much as it now is, 13% year over year, then there's a huge hit there, unless it's offset by the pound going the same way. In this case the pound didn't go the same way, and also keep in mind that what goes on with the pound happens on a six-month lag basis. So, quite frankly, the pound was very strong in the third quarter a year ago, that came in and it hit the first quarter. So when I talked about a $0.04 foreign exchange hit in the first quarter, it didn't show up on the revenue line; that entire $0.04 showed up in cost of goods. Then you moved to the second quarter and now we have the impact really of no meaningful benefit of the pound, but a meaningful hit of the euro, and since we're so weighted there, you'll end up with a funky, if you will, ratio of bottom line to top line. But if we did that calculation in the first quarter, it would be even more quirky, because there would've been no foreign exchange on the revenue line, it would have all showed up on cost of goods. When you think of the model, if you try to develop a global model, the key things you really have to remember is we have about 30% of our revenue generated in euros. We have about 20% of it generated in yen, which is kind of a [yarn], but it's going to be slight negative in the back half of this year and that actually was a minimizer, it went the other way for us, minimizing the euro in the first quarter. And then think about half of our costs is pound related, our cost of goods, and you know our gross margins are basically -- you could pretty much model how the world is moving if you think of pounds, euros and yen against the dollar, and you can get pretty close to the bottom line by doing that. Greg, I don't know if you want to add anything to that.
Greg Matz: Nothing, Bob. I think you nailed it. Basically with the way our structure is, and Kim, you picked up on it too, that about 30% or so is in the OpEx side and the rest of it did flow down to the bottom in our current calculations. And the fact that with the way how stable the pound has been has basically left us very little impact in the first three quarters really our expectation of on the production side.
Bob Weiss: Next --
Kim Gailun  JPMorgan: My follow-up was just on the guidance range and kind of the temptation to hold the width of the guidance range.
Bob Weiss: Yeah, the guidance range, and that's a good question, we actually debated, do you narrow it or don't you narrow it. And I think given where things are in the marketplace given the uncertainty of currencies, granted our guidance is basically assuming constant currency where we are today. So, we don't attempt to say it's going to go up or down from this point, it is where it is today. But theres a lot of volatility associated with what's going on in the market right now, and that's why we left it broad. Next question?
Operator:
Matthew OBrien  William Blair: Good evening. Thanks for taking the question. And I apologize for the background noise. Just wanted to follow up a little bit on Kim's question in terms of the currency impact on guidance. I think you said that it should be another $0.30 of impact in -- for the second half of the year that was not contemplated in guidance following Q1. So, put another way, would your guidance have increased by $0.30 excluding the impact of currency or would the bottom end of the range likely have increased excluding the impact of currency?
Bob Weiss: Directionally, you're right that we're hurdling $0.33 in the back six months, and already have hurdled $0.11. So we would have been upping guidance were it not for foreign exchange considerably, and we would have narrowed the range were it not for currency also.
Matthew OBrien  William Blair: Okay, great. Thank you.
Bob Weiss: Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from the Joanne Wuensch with BMO Capital Markets.
Joanne Wuensch  BMO Capital Markets: Thank you for taking my question. Two things. One can you comment on the WellPoint acquisitions of 1-800 Contacts? And two, how much have you incorporated in your revenue guidance from your recent acquisition? And Im going to add a third one in there, what is the restructuring of your credit facility do to this EPS calculation? Thank you.
Bob Weiss: Okay. On the second one, let me do that one first, there is nothing in our guidance for the acquisition. In other words, we don't anticipate that acquisition, its not a deal until the tender is effective and that we know we got to 90% of the shares tendered, that we will know a lot more by the 22nd June is the current initial date anyway. On WellPoint, the best answer I can give you is were scratching our head a little on the process. I think were trying to better understand their entire motivation and plan going forward. But it came out -- came from left field relative to most of the people in the industry. I think I'm starting to understand it a little, but not enough to want to comment very much on it. As far as I'm concerned, from our perspective, were not going to react one way or the other. Its just a shift of who owns and ties in with 1-800. The third one, on the impact of the refinancing, of course I think Greg mentioned the $1.4 million write-off that we will take, which is $0.02 compared to our non-GAAP guidance. Weve now given you guidance for GAAP and non-GAAP, the difference is $0.02, which is what we are writing-off. The benefits of that basically are -- and I'm defer to you maybe Greg on what, about 700,000 or 800,000, maybe pick-up on interest?
Greg Matz: Yeah, we look at maybe it's roughly a penny over a 12 month period net in the first 12 months and -- or in the first six month to the year, roughly a penny. And other than that, it's really minimal -- it's kind of a minimal impact to the bottom line. It was really down for other reasons, again, increasing the limit, having a better pricing grid, and the opportunity to use that in the future, and it extends the range out for another, what, 18 months.
Bob Weiss: Sixteen months. And by the way, so what you have is, a penny going one way in the $0.02 going the other, so net of $0.01 GAAP hit. Next question?
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Larry Keusch with Raymond James.
Larry Keusch  Raymond James: Hi, good afternoon. Just want to touch on expenses if I could. Obviously, the operating expenses, as Bob you pointed out, and the investments, have been elevated over the last several quarters, and just wanted to explore two things as we think about it in the second of the year. First, I want to make sure that I understand when you're talking about the expenses in SG&A flattening out, are you talking about absolute dollars or are we talking about as a percent of sales? And as part of that, are you really just coming to the end of the planned spending period or is there some element in there just given the uncertainty in the global markets that you're going to hold back on perhaps some discretionary items that you had in front of you such as China? And the other part of the expense question is just how should we think about expenses now associated with Avaira Toric as we move forward to the second half of the year?
Bob Weiss: Yeah, it's more that we will leverage, meaning our operating ratios will improve, as opposed to [flat] dollars, because our revenue does typically pick up the last six months of the year by definition. Did we slow up operating costs going forward or were we done spending? We've invested heavily over the last two years in expansion of feet on the street, in expansion of what we're doing in R&D. So I would say most of the reaction going forward is we arrived operationally, weve put the investment in. There is a little bit that is a reaction to uncertainty in the economy. So, I don't want to say none of it has to do with that. Some of it does. So we are tightening our belt somewhat. China, on that, we are, I would say, spending this year less than we had hoped to, and that's a function of just prudent timing, that we wanted to make sure we had the right people onboard. And I believe we had an announcement yesterday in the press or the trade press on the fact that we've now filled the key positions in Asia-Pac and in China, which certainly will facilitate our way forward, meaning the country manager of China just recently came aboard in May and we made that announcement to the trade press. As far as the impact of Avaira going forward, yes, we will be investing behind the Avaira relaunch, the Avaira Toric relaunch, certainly with fitting sets, which are put out there, and then they are amortized over a three-year period going forward. But that is a herculean effort when it comes to a toric rolled out on a global basis. So there's a lot of work and it will take a long time to get to the endpoint. We will be doing an Avaira Toric rollout not for weeks, not for months, but literally around the world beyond, well beyond one or two years. It's a big investment with a lot of energy.
Larry Keusch  Raymond James: Okay. Thank you.
Bob Weiss: Okay. Next question?
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research.
Steve Willoughby  Cleveland Research Company: Hi. Thanks for taking my call. My one question was really just on products. I was wondering if you could give an update on the one-day silicone hydrogel you're working on, kind of where that stands and the progress you're making? And then, Bob, your comments just now on the Avaira Toric rollout, given that it will take a while, does that mean we're not going to see probably a meaningful impact to revenue from the Avaira Toric? I'm just kind of wondering on how you expect the Avaira Toric revenue to kind of come into the company.
Bob Weiss: No, I think I'm just putting it into context, a lot of rollouts. Very few rollouts go global all at once. As a matter of fact, I am not aware of any really in the contact lens space, particularly on the toric where you have a complex number of SKUs. So, nothing unusual about that; it takes just high energy effort. We're still a long way from rolling out Biofinity Toric and we started last June, but I would say nowhere close. We havent even gotten to China -- Japan rather with the product yet. As far as the single use silicone, it's -- of course, were still of the mindset, and the more that happens in the marketplace, the more compelling is the case. Single-use silicone right now is a niche product and will stay a niche product as long as everyone has a cost structure that precludes it from being a mainstream product. Its priced out of most peoples' capability of buying it whether its the two other ones that are in the market in Europe, now that CIBA's launching it in some target markets in Europe. But we are, as much as anything, rolling this product out as a learning curve in getting it right and to make sure we are in with the evolution of this. How far and how long it will take? I think we are talking many mega years -- mega is a poor term -- three, four, five years before single-use silicone hydrogel lenses have a chance of becoming a mainstream. And now, yes, people like B&L actually taking things in a different direction, which is to say challenging the model of why do you need a silicone hydrogel at all. And we don't care who wins that argument, silicone hydrogel or hydrogels. We still like the Proclear material and were pretty versatile in terms of the way we respond to the market. Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo.
Larry Biegelsen  Wells Fargo: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. On FX, Im trying to understand the top line FX hit to each quarter in Q3 and Q4, because by my math, the second half guidance reported is about 2% to 8% and by my math, FX is about a 4% hit each quarter, which has implied constant currency guidance of 6% to 12% for the second half. So, can you give us the FX top line hit to the third quarter and fourth quarter? And secondly, the $0.19 to $0.14 you talked about hit from FX, that's not since the Q1 call. I think thats for full-year '12. Can you just confirm that? I was just a little bit confused on that. And then just lastly, I guess another hot topic, is the CIBA royalty. And can you disclose if you've had any conversations with CIBA about buying out the royalty and maybe from your perspective the pros and cons of buying it out? Thanks.
Bob Weiss: I'll deal with the latter two of those first. The $0.19 and the $0.14 is basically a comparison this year to last year, so exchange rates where they are today against last -- assuming exchange rates stay the same. And the -- so, yes, it's not relative to anything in the first quarter, it's relative to year-over-year comps. The CIBA royalty, are we in discussions, we certainly wouldn't go down that path in terms of any discussions, if there were any, would be on a confidential basis and we wouldn't really discuss a month publicly. So, the only signal we have given time and time again is, on the royalty, assume we pay it out through the end of the patent period and nothing more, nothing else. If there were discussions to be had on a buyout, it takes a willing buyer and a willing seller and a number that made sense, that would be totally hypothetical, and your what-if is no different than my what if would be on something like that. So I wouldn't encourage a lot of conjecture in that area because it's certainly beyond anyone's control in this area. As far as top line impact of foreign exchange, Greg, do you have those numbers?
Greg Matz: Yeah. From a Q3 perspective, we would look to get about $14 million impact, in Q4 about almost $12 million impact.
Larry Biegelsen  Wells Fargo: Thanks, guys.
Bob Weiss: Okay. Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Bhalla with Citi.
Amit Bhalla  Citi: Hi, good afternoon. I just wanted to -- I wanted to clarify one of the earlier questions on the single-use lens and timing. I think that previously you've talked about your new single-use lens being in the market by the end of fiscal '12. It sounds like that's no longer the case. And secondly, can you just give us an update on where you stand with the FDA on your US distribution facility, and whether or not there's any indication of the FDA going to the UK facility? Thanks.
Bob Weiss: Okay. On the silicone single-use silicone hydrogel, if I somehow implied there is a change in signal, there isn't. We are still intent on launching it out, we haven't identified where, by the end of fiscal year. As far as the FDA and West Henrietta, we are, I would say we're making progress with them and we would expect by the end of this month to still be on target for attempting to move the ball forward of removal of the warning letter. So we made good progress with them. The FDA has not given any indication to us that they're coming into the UK in any planned manner. We still expect itll arrive someday, but nothing new to report on FDA activity in the UK.
Amit Bhalla  Citi: Okay. Thank you.
Bob Weiss: I think this concludes our time for questions. I want to thank everyone for joining the call today, and we'll look forward to giving an update on a number of matters in our third quarter release. Thank you. Operator?
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude our presentation and you may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-03-09 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the first quarter 2012 The Cooper Companies Incorporated earnings conference call. My name is Regina and I will be your conference operator for today. At this time all participants on the phone line are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Todays event is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today Ms. Kim Duncan, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead maam.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon and welcome to The Cooper Companies' first quarter 2012 earnings conference call. I'm Kim Duncan, Senior Director of Investor Relations, and joining me on today's call are Bob Weiss, President and Chief Executive Officer; Greg Matz, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Al White, VP, Investor Relations, Treasurer and Chief Strategic Officer. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance, and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market conditions and integration of any acquisitions. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise, and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the Company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption, 'Forward-Looking Statements,' in today's earnings release, and are described in our SEC filings, including the business section of Cooper's Annual Report on Form 10-K. These are publicly available and on request from the Company's Investor Relations department. Now, before I turn the call over to Bob, let me comment on the agenda for the call. Bob will begin by providing highlights on the quarter, followed by Greg who will then discuss first quarter results. We will keep the formal presentation to roughly 30 minutes then open up the call for questions. We expect the call to last approximately one hour. We request that anyone asking questions please limit yourselves to one question. Should you have any additional questions, please call our Investor line at 925-460-3663 or email ir@cooperco.com. As a reminder, this call is being webcast and a copy of the earnings release is available through the Investor Relations section of the Cooper Companies' website. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Bob for his opening remarks.
Bob Weiss: Thank you, Kim. Good afternoon, good evening everyone. After a successful 2011 we started 2012 out strong. Our Biofinity and Proclear momentum continued for the first quarter of 2012 we put up solid top line growth plus 11% also in constant currency. We delivered $326 million in revenue, our gross profit margin achieved 65% with the strong top line, solid margins, lower interest expense non-GAAP earnings per share was up 32% to $1.12, 35% on a GAAP basis. The soft contact lens market rebounded in calendar year fourth quarter to 5% growth to provision at 7%. Key takeaways from todays call we again put up great results with strong revenue growth, good margins, favorable impact from lowering interest expense with solid bottom line. Biofinity global rollout continues with Biofinity Sphere in Japan and Biofinity Multifocal in the United States and Europe. This work horse sealed 40% constant currency growth in our silicone hydrogel family Biofinity and Avaira. During the quarter, given the strength of our balance sheet and free cash flow $200 million on an annualized basis we announced the share repurchase program of up to $150 million. We in fact executed on part of the plan buying 666,000 shares for $46 million in a transaction that was $0.01 accretive for the quarter and will be $0.05 accretive for the fiscal year. While we continue to put up solid results and free cash flow we continue to invest. Our sales force expansion, marketing and R&D expenses are up in the 17% to 18% range. For competitive reasons, we wont give the exact numbers, but our sales force expansion is 22% in the past 15 months and overall 36% in the past two and a quarter year. During the same two and a quarter year period our G&A headcount is up only 11% so we are leveraging what we need to leverage. There were no callouts GAAP numbers equal non-GAAP numbers for the quarter. Nothing major with the FDA on Avaira Toric, we have ongoing dialogue with them and still hoping to relaunch our Avaira Toric beyond April of this year. We made the decision to launch a single use single silicon hydrogel this year and will be began manufacturing shortly. For competitive reasons I wont provide any more at this time. Our silicon hydrogel family is driving our growth. During the first quarter the family achieved $87 million in revenues that equates to 40% constant currency increase versus the prior year. Silicon hydrogel is now 32% of our CDI revenues. We continue to feel positive about future of our silicon hydrogel sales driven by multiple factors this includes success of Biofinity Multifocal launch and $150 million silicon hydrogel multifocal market and the launch of Biofinity Sphere in Japans $400 million silicon hydrogel market. While we are early in both the successes are obvious. We continue to manufacture the Avaira Toric product and are hoping for the April relaunch as I indicated. Once this happens we will be lot more aggressive with our Avaira family in the two week space, which is dominated by J&J. But back to Biofinity the shear strength of this family of monthly silicon hydrogel Spheres, Torics and Multifocal remains a source of pride. Biofinity has a long way to go before fully exploiting here on a global basis thats in terms of years. It is and remains prior calling card of our expanding CooperVision sales force. Geographically, foreign exchange movements have netted out during the most recent quarter while CooperVision revenue, for CooperVision Inc revenue growth was 10% actual and 10% constant currency. Regionally we had solid results in constant currency with Americas up 11%, Europe up 7%, Asia Pac up 13% and overall once again constant currency 10%. Our growth drivers were in the Americas trading up to silicon hydrogel including the success of Biofinity Multifocal, as well as solid performance in the 1 Day category by Proclear 1 Day Sphere. In Europe, essential the same thing trading up to silicon hydrogel including Biofinity Multifocal as well as Proclear 1 Day Sphere. And in Asia Pac success reflects the growth of silicon hydrogel primarily or particularly the Biofinity Sphere in Japan as we as the Proclear 1 Day Sphere throughout the region. The soft contact lens market was up 5% while CooperVision was up 7% during the most recent quarter. This brings the full calendar year in at 4% for the market while Cooper on the strength of silicon hydrogel and Proclear 1 Day grew 7%, 1.5 times to the market. For the calendar year the market growth was in silicon hydrogel 1 Day or in silicon hydrogel 1 Day or single use lenses as well as specialty lenses, Torics and Multifocal. Remember in more established regions of the world the market is a trade up market. We trade you up to silicon hydrogel, which is roughly 20% to 40% trade up and trading you up into 1 Days, which at the manufacturer level is roughly 4 to 6 times the amount of average revenue per wear at the manufacturer level. Worldwide Torics and Multifocal lenses continue to grow solidly. These are much less penetrated typically outside of the U.S. geographically each region had a respectable year with the Americas and Asia delivering 4% growth while Europe rounded up to 5%. CooperSurgical our womens healthcare franchise had another greater quarter with $57 million in revenue it was up 15%, 9% excluding acquisitions. Drivers continue to be surgical procedures, hospital and same day surgery where revenue was up 24% and now accounts for 40% of CooperSurgical. Devices used by the gynecologist during laparoscopic procedures such as closure systems retractors; injectors, uterine manipulator and related trade are driving the growth in this area. Importantly, these are high margin items and CooperSurgicals overall gross margin percent during the quarter was a very impressive 67%, while its operating income hit 27%. To say we are pleased and proud of our CooperSurgical franchise would be an understatement. We will continue to look for the ways to leverage franchise both in the United States as well through geographic expansion. Importantly CooperSurgical is an integral part of our global tax structure it allows us the luxury of continuing to report and pay at a low effective tax rate. Without it we disrupt our global tax balance, which to us in keeping with our objective to maximize total shareholder returns or PSR is strategic. Simply put any money that goes to the government is not available for reinvestment or to pay dividends. We generated, we are generally sticking to our guidance range except for the increase in earnings per share guidance. As Greg will get into further, we delivered strong results in Q1 with a favorable tax settlement outcome offsetting some negative cost associated with the Avaira recall. These costs impacted sales and operating expenses. Strong bottom line results in Q1 and the accretive effect of our stock buyback are contributing to the overall improvement in our earnings per share guidance. Our guidance to soon stable foreign exchange rates, the ongoing investment in sales force, R&D and geographic expansion. We also anticipate some drag on our gross and operating margins as we accelerate investments in China and other developing countries and launch single use silicon hydrogel and re-launch Avaira Toric later in the fiscal year. On strategy we are continuing with our successful strategy. We believe it is solid and it has delivered results. CooperSurgical is putting up outstanding results and its leveraging its infrastructure. This franchise was built on a solid understanding of the value of critical mass and in womens healthcare market targeting the OB/GYN. We follow the profession wherever they go office, surgery center, hospital or IVS Centers. Although the call points are different for each the leverage is considerable. CooperSurgicals Q1 12 gross margin was 67%, our operating margin 27% and due to minimal CapEx CooperSurgical is a significant contributor to free cash flow. We are dedicated to this strategy and we will continue talking acquisitions to leverage the CooperSurgical infrastructure. At CooperVision the strategy is more complex and its much more global in nature. And the $6.9 billion soft contact lens industry because of the uniqueness of our manufacturing platforms and product portfolio, we are the only participant that promotes both silicon hydrogel and non-silicon hydrogel that is the Proclear family. We emphasize branded and non-branded products. But private label does not mean lower gross margin or low price. Actively we promote both special, actively we promote and specialize in custom lenses its a high gross profit of course. We support all modalities that the eye care profession prescribes 1 Day, two week and monthly lenses and we support all types of lenses Spheres, Torics and Multifocals. We are close to 30% in high growth specialty lens categories Torics and Multifocals. It is acknowledged by the eye care professional that we are pretty good at specialty contact lenses. Few would challenge why the success of Biofinity Toric for astigmatism. Put a great design together with a great material and great things can happen. We've seen early successes for the same reason with Biofinity Multifocal, which hit the market in the middle of last year. On the capacity front, with the exception of Avaira Toric, we are ahead of plan to deliver considerably more products, where we have previously been supply constrained. The Biofinity family, Proclear 1 Day, our 1 Day Torics are all ramping up nicely. On pricing, we like the rest of the soft contact lens industry have a trade of strategy. Our new wears and existing wears are targeted for silicone hydrogel and Proclear family and the 1 Day or single use lenses each creates more revenue per patient. The 1 Day modality, for example, results in four to six times more revenue per wearer. While this strategy sacrifices the gross margin percent. It generally creates three to five times more profit per wearer. Of course, this strategy competes head on with the lens care space, since we are shifting wearers' resources from lens care to contact lenses only. Competing for lens care dollars is more of a problem for some of our competitors. In my opinion we needed to be the most focused company in the industry lacking many of the distractions that all of our competitors are now going through. I might add with Biofinity, Avaira and Proclear, we have a lot to talk about with our eye care professionals around the globe. As we look down the road the next several years we expect to continue improving operating margins and delivering above average TSRs. We expect to continue to deliver double digit earnings per share growth while investing in geographic expansion, sales force expansion and new product development. In todays market, we have a solid product portfolio to leverage in all modalities multiple materials, all lens types and we retain our expertise to emphasize custom lens for the 10% to 20% of lens wearers, who require other than standard lenses and a more unique sizes and designs. We have a lot of work to do before we come close to having exploited our number one contact lens family Biofinity. This is particularly true when it comes to geographic expansion and fully developing its family of Torics and Multifocals around the world. The same applies to Avaira where Avaira Sphere thanks for your waiting the re-launch of Avaira Toric. The combination will put us in much better position to exploit the U.S. two week space owned by J&J and to also exploit our private label strategy more aggressively with this family. While we are already pretty respectable when it comes to gross margins and operating income margins from a cost perspective, we have considerable upside yet to be fully developed. Upsides include the elimination of silicon hydrogel royalty in September 2012 Im sorry 2014 in the U.S. and March 2016 in the rest of the world. The reduction of our manufacturing costs by getting alcohol and our silicon hydrogel production, improving molding cycle times, increasing capacity utilization and improving yields in general. Given the considerable amount of free cash flow we generate we will continue to look for tuck in acquisitions in geographic expansion opportunities. In our two businesses that exceed our hurdle rates. Given the fact that the markets for womens healthcare and soft contact lenses are so much less developed outside U.S. and we generate a considerable amount of cash outside the U.S. due in part to our level manufacturing outside the U.S. We will continue to aggressive invest in global expansion opportunities. With over 95% of the people on the planet outside of the United States we believe we will find opportunities to invest, there for decades to come thereby retaining our lower effective tax rate and definitely. And as was the case in the past quarter where the stock was suppressed we even demonstrated we are willing to buy in some of our own stock at times. In summary, before I turn it over to Greg the first quarter 2012 got us off on the right foot. We are having another in a string successful fiscal years in 2012. We again deliver the solid top line gross profit percent, operating income percent, earnings per share, free cash flow and even a stock buyback to enhance total shareholder returns. Our silicon hydrogel family even in the middle of a recall continues to perform delivering 40% constant currency growth above already respectable prior year comparisons. While we accomplished a lot we have a long way to go before we fully exploit our silicon hydrogel family and our excellent 1 Day Proclear 1 Day. Japans silicon hydrogel market breaks geographical expansion a large rapidly growing silicon hydrogel multifocal market, a royalty expiration starting in 2014 a very leverage able CooperSurgical with ongoing tuck in opportunities and many, many more global opportunity signaled we have many opportunities to grow our opening business and maximize TSR. Whether the soft contact lens market accelerate 6% to 8% range or pumps along at 4% to 5% we clearly see the opportunity. Finally, I remind you our people are our number one asset. They have continued to deliver as a quality of life company. We remain focused on keeping our employees and their family healthy and productive. To them once again I say thank you for all that theyve done and continue to do with that I will turn it over to Greg.
Greg Matz: Okay, thanks Bob and good afternoon everyone. Bob has given you a pretty thorough view of our revenue picture so let me start with gross margin. But before I go there I want to provide some color on the Avaira recall expenses in Q1. By the end of Q4 we had accrued for about $20million of recall cost. In Q1 we had an additional $2.9 million and what we consider operational cost directly related to the recall, which were split about roughly equally between revenue for things like customer concessions and operating expenses for things like reviewing all Avaira Sphere fitting sets. To ensure that there were no lenses impacted by the recall in the fitting set. At this point we believe the majority of the costs are behind us but we expect we could have some small charges paid over time and so we have Avaira Toric back in the market. Now looking at gross margins, in Q1, the consolidated GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins for 64.5% compared with 60.2% and 60.9% respectively for Q1 last year. CooperSurgical had a GAAP and non-GAAP gross profit margin of 67%, which compares to Q1 11 64%, this improvement was mainly due to manufacturing efficiencies and favorable product mix especially in our surgical space. Products like closure systems and uterine manipulators to name a couple have done well and they also have better than average gross margins. CooperVision reported a GAAP gross margin of 64% versus 59.5% in Q1 last year. On a non-GAAP basis gross margin was again 64% versus 60% in Q1 last year. As you can see we had a strong gross margin quarter. The increase was attributable to many different components like the completion of our Norfolk closure effective last year, which contributed over one percentage point or roughly about 120 basis points to 130 basis points to our gross margin. In addition, we had favorable product mix with silicon hydrogel sales now representing 32% of revenue up 39% from last year, up 40% on a constant currency basis. We also had lower idle costs and favorable manufacturing variances carrying forward into Q1 from last year reflective of our inventory terms. All this being said and looking at the reminder of the year, we believe that our gross margins will be lower than Q1 due to several factors starting with the increased (Inaudible) cost related to modification of some of our production processes related to the recall. In addition, the anticipated relaunch of Avaira Toric startup cost with the new Biofinity line in Puerto Rico coming up in early Q3 and the introduction of a single use silicon lens will also impact gross margins. We see these latter events as possible for our business in the long-term and as typical it will be drag on margins for manufacturing efficiency type variances in the earlier period. Two, further build on the single use silicon lens our experience is that new material or derivatives of material always plays a steep cost curve as we start production. High volume lines or products that utilize high volume lines are the most susceptible. Our first single use silicon hydrogel is no exception and we expect to be in a situation of higher cost in the short-term as we ramp up production. For these reasons we are staying with our previous gross margin guidance of 62.5% to 63% range for the year. Now looking at operating expenses, SG&A in Q1 on a GAAP basis SG&A expenses increased by 16% from Q1 last year to $131.7 million and were 40% of revenue versus 39% in Q1 last year. This is generally attributable to the added investment weve been discussing over the last year, which has resulted in increased sales and marketing expenses for commissions, new hires associated with generating higher revenue and expenses for new product launches. We have seen increased selling investment both CooperVision as well as CooperSurgical. Last year we highlighted that we would be investing that investment really did not ramp up until the March April timeframe, which when you look year-over-year leads to some higher expense growth rate. So with our growth rate and SG&A and R&D we will see a run rate impact on spending. On the R&D front, we have talked about investing in our business and R&D is one of those areas where we continue to make investment. In Q1 on a GAAP basis R&D increased by 17% year-over-year to $11.4 million and it was 3.5% of revenue, up slightly from 3.3% in Q1 11. This increase is mainly attributable to adding staffing in both businesses. Moving to operating margins, just a reminder we adjusted Q1 2011 for the $6.1 million gain on settlement for pre existing relationship related to the IME acquisition we originally recorded it in Q1 11 and reverse in Q3 11. If your models are based on non-GAAP there should be no change but if you are using GAAP be aware of the change from last years Q1 financial statements. And if you need more information on that you can refer to Form 10-K and Note 14 of our financial statements for 2011. On a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis for Q1 consolidated operating income and margin were $61.7 million or 19% of revenue versus $48.7 million or 17% of revenue in Q1 11 on a GAAP basis and then in Q1 11 on a non-GAAP basis operating income was $50.8 million or 17% of revenue. This represents 27% and a 21% increase in operating income over Q1 11 GAAP and non-GAAP respectively. Couple of points for your models if you are looking below operating income you will see another income we had roughly 700k of income approximately 200k related to an FX gain compared to a 700k loss last year. And the reminders related to a gain on sale for an investment, which we picked up this part with the IME acquisition last year. Interest expense that was $3.7 million was $3.3 million or 47% lower than Q1 last year. This reflects reduced borrowings and lower interest rates resulting from refinancing and the redemption of the senior debt beginning in Q2 11. Included in Q1 was additional interest expense associated with repurchasing shares and some non-recurring operational discrete items we expect interest expense in the $12 million to $14 million range for the year. Move on to effective tax rate on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis in Q1 the effective tax rate was 7% versus Q1 11 GAAP of 4.4%, non-GAAP of 6.7%. As weve discussed in the past the effective tax rate continues to be below the U.S. statutory rate as majority of our income is earned in foreign jurisdictions with lower tax rates. This also continues the trend of income earned in foreign jurisdictions increasing as a percent of the total as compared to income earned in the U.S. In addition, we are seeing some foreign jurisdictions dropping their rates. The Q1 effective tax rate was lower than our 10% to 12% annual guidance mainly due to a settlement with the IRS, which resulted in the release of certain reserves and the cash ban of approximately $50,000. It would not be appropriate to gain any specific details to settlement that we now believe that an effective tax rate in the lower part of our full year guidance, which was 10% to 12%. Depreciation and amortization, in Q1 depreciation was $20.2 million up 11% year-over-year and amortization was $5.6 million up 18% year-over-year for a total of $25.8 million. I know we have not generally talked about amortization expense but amortization expense increased to reflect the increase in amortization of intangibles on several deals we completed last year. For those interested in the stock comp number Q1 stock comp was $7.3 million. Earnings per share as Bob mentioned in Q1 earnings per share was $1.12 on a GAAP basis and non-GAAP basis versus $0.83 and $0.85 respectively in Q1 11. Favorably impacting our current quarterly EPS is our share repurchases program and our settlement of the IRS tax case. As previously discussed in prior earnings call, the Internal Revenue Service issued a note of deficiency to the company on April 1, 2011. It disserted that the company was subject to additional taxes for 2005 under the anti-deferral provisions of Subpart F of the Internal Revenue Code. In January, we solved the matter and agreed to a net efficiency of $50,000 as mentioned above. Due to the settlement of the tax case we will release certain reserves, which were largely offset by the additional and bearer recall cost I mentioned a few minutes ago. On December 15, 2011 we announced that the companys Board of Directors had authorized a share repurchase program of up to $150 million. As of the end of the quarter the company purchased approximately 663,000 shares of the companys common stock for $46.1 million at an average purchase price of $69.60 per share. This had if you round up about a $0.01 impact in the quarter and we expect the impact of the year to be above $0.05. Now looking at the balance sheet and liquidity in Q1 we had cash provided by operations of $41.6 million, capital expenditures of $20 million, insurance recovery of $1.6 million, which resulted in a $23.2 million of free cash flow. The two major items impacting free cash flow from our perspective was the one-time $10 million payment for the Rembrandt settlement we talked about at Q4 11 and an increase in inventory in the quarter of about $19 million. Avaira Toric makes up about 40% of that inventory increase as we rebuild our stock in anticipation of a re-launch in the future. Insurance settlement relates to an October 28 incident in which a pipe broke in our fire suppression sprinkler system causing water and fire damaging in part of one of our manufacturing buildings in the UK. This incident did not have an impact on customers. Total debt increase by $29.9 million to $410 million. Debt as a percentage of capitalization is now 17.5% up from 16.4% in Q4 and down from 26% in Q1 11 this leaves us with approximately $600 million of total credit available. AR continues to be closely monitored with DSO at 59 days down from 61 days last year. With that let me turn it back to Kim for the Q&A session.
Kim Duncan: Operator, we are ready to open up the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) and your first question today comes from the line of Larry Keusch with Morgan Keegan.
Larry Keusch: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for all the detail. Just if Im looking at the numbers correctly growth in your single use lenses in the fourth quarter was about 8% and then the market grew 11%. Someone or if you could just talk a little bit again about your strategy there and what you can do to accelerate the growth there to have these market rates if not greater.
Bob Weiss: Yeah, Larry well we its that we are a little wider in the fourth quarter when you look at it from a first fiscal quarter basis we were up 10%, 14% all up 10% constant currency. So I think a lot of it is we continue to do well with our Proclear 1 Day, we are as I indicated credit coming out with the silicon hydrogel 1 Day not that I think that the its moved much beyond the little niche. But I think thats fact is just joining and being a participant with the crowd so to speak. I still think that Proclear 1 Day will be the driver of our global business and reasonably hold its tone out in the marketplace not only in Japan where its done well but also in the U.S. where, you see J&J is putting a lot their energy to develop that market. We are of course going to (Inaudible) of their work and as they expand that market right now. It doesnt take too many wearers to move the needle quite a bit from a dollar point of view in that market and U.S. comes around 10% or 11% a couple of years to 17%, 18% now. So they are clearly helping that. Next question?
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert W. Baird.
Jeff Johnson: Thanks good evening guys. Bob, I just wanted to ask a question on the gross margin guidance at 62.5% the low end of your guidance for the year. It looks like you are implying kind of flat to maybe even down a little bit over the past three quarters of the year related to last year, which just I hear what you are saying on some of the expenses. But if you could flush that out or flush that out a little bit it just sounds a little bit hard to believe at this point. And then Greg just a very quick question on the reversal and the tax rate what your comments meant to me there was about a $2.5 million reversal in the tax rate in the quarter. Thanks.
Bob Weiss: I will comment first and I will let Greg amplify both gross margin and then his part on the taxes. You are right we came in with a very solid gross margin to provision was 64%, compared to a year ago 59.5% that shows better the value of Norfolk, which is ongoing of course, the value, one of the real catalyst of our gross margin is mix in fact that literally our growth is being sponsored by Biofinity we suppose is the high gross margin. So importantly as we get back into the two week market more robustly that doesnt have the same theme if you will as Biofinity its not going to have the margin. But I think the startup cost associated with getting into the relaunching Avaira Toric as well as startup cost of answering the 1 Day silicon hydrogel market, which from the get go is not going to be much of a gross margin to talk about at all. And as I think Greg alluded enough to the fact that you do start off a very steep curve in terms of high cost and then you work it down over a period of literally years. Thats the fact he did mention that we are now going to go through a startup phase or Biofinity in Puerto Rica so we have basically given the size of that product have decided to bite the bullet and go through a startup. Its at a remote location compared to where all our other Biofinity is made, so there will be a cost on that. Those costs will be directly impacting the next three quarters. So I think what I will let Greg ask or clarify anything else and then respond on the tax side.
Greg Matz: Well Bob, I think youve got the gross margin I think that makes sense on the tax side we dont get to lie the detail I think you can really back into it based on the comments we mentioned earlier about Avaira and an offset between a likely offset between Avaira and the tax impact.
Kim Duncan: Operator, next question.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research.
Steve Willoughby: Hi thanks for taking the question. Bob I was wondering if you could give us a little bit more color regarding the FDA and the FDA going through your various facilities. And the letter you received last quarter, just kind of any other color you can provide us regarding your discussions with the FDA.
Bob Weiss: Probably cant give you too much more than I said that we are going through a process with the FDA responding to your questions. No, well its tough to say there is not reply we are cooperating with them we are getting through their questions and at this juncture we still expect to re-launch Avaira Toric in April. But of course that is totally depended on whether or not the FDA has any further questions. On the warning letter we are responding to the observations made by the FDA making good progress there. I think they are waiting on us to say we are complete with all the corrections, which is going to take several more months and at that point in time they will come back in and re-inspect. So that is down the road several more months. Relative to the FDA showing up in the UK plant you may recall they came into our plant in Puerto Rico there were no observations. They came into our plant in Scottsville no observations and they have not been in our plant recently in or since the recall anyway in the UK. They have made no indication that they have eminent plans they will show up when they want to show up, it is to our expectation that they will show up eventually. So when it happens it happens. Beyond that we are marching forward with Avaira Sphere and anxiously waiting to get Avaira Toric back out on the market. Next question?
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chris Cooley with Stephens.
Chris Cooley: Thank you and good evening. Thanks for taking my questions. Hope you guys done a great job with CooperSurgical and consistently delivering good growth and margin expansion when you look at that franchise now is this, the new normal for profitability. And when do we start to see some, I guess some further development there on a little more global basis meaning how long could you provide that would be helpful? Thanks.
Bob Weiss: Yes Chris, we are very pleased with where we are with CooperSurgical. You know I think I would point out that if we aggressively go globally the margins that we are accustomed to seeing in the U.S. 67% gross margin, the 27% operating margin that weve now gotten to we will put some pressure on that that will be an investment. And I think obviously with the product portfolio we now have more like 600 products many of which have potential outside the U.S. It is worth exploiting that we initiated activity last year I would say where we are in Europe is slow going mixed results, clearly not a wild factor at this juncture. But it is early in that cycle. I think one of the ways that we would against the ball with CooperSurgical with the acquisitions that are outside the U.S. and I would hope that over the several years we at least at that ball by having some of those to continue to leverage where we are with the franchise. Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew OBrien.
Matthew OBrien: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Just one quick clarification if I might you talked about this $0.05 of accretion from the share repurchase in the quarter is that assuming that you dont do any further repurchases or the other $100,000 million essentially is not used?
Greg Matz: Yes Matt, you are right that assumes its where we are at this point.
Matthew OBrien: Okay and then my primary question Im a little bit more concerned about it if. When you talked about, a little bit about Biofinity in seeing multiyear kind of rollout or opportunity that you see in front of you can you just provide a bit more color on why you think thats the case, is it a function of you know you still havent even got to all of your customers with the product and that your sales force expansion is that the new market opportunity that you see there. I mean why is this a multiyear process in terms of delivering a lot of growth from that specific family of products?
Bob Weiss: Well number one I would say we are early even in the United States, which is our most mature market. Early by that I mean the total of the totality as a family we are when we came out with Biofinity Sphere it did good, when we brought out the Toric the Sphere did even better as a halo effect and when you come out with the Multifocal there is the compounding halo effect. So they feed on each other as a family of products in front of practitioner he says Im very comfortable with the material, you know how it works my Sphere they love it there and now I want to migrate. So Biofinity Multifocal of course we just launched it in mid last year and June of last year they have a long way to go. When I talk about, we are far from exploiting it around the world. I mean geographically, I mean when I talk about the brick expansion it is a good vehicle to get into some countries where perhaps we will be more challenged if we didnt have a product like that, that is rapidly showing its presence in the silicon hydrogel space, which of course is the strong space. All that takes work, you are right about expansion as a sales force putting in place more feet on the street its one of the limitations we have. And I guess I would just say world is a pretty big place it takes a while to get there. Japan for example $400 million market we have, I would say we have only just began, weve been in that market since June of last year also we are yet to introduce the Toric, which will probably be later this calendar year in that market and we are in further away from introducing the Multifocal in that market. So it takes time in some cases there is registration processes you have to go through also. Next question?
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo.
Larry Biegelsen: Hi, good afternoon everyone. Thanks for taking the question. Just a two part question in the guidance. First, CooperVision grew 9% ex-IMA ex-FX in the quarter. But the guidance is still I think 4% to 8% the market actually accelerated from 3% to 5%, so why not take the low end of the guidance today. But is it just conservatism early in the year is it something you are seeing. And then secondly on CooperSurgical the high end of the current guidance assumes basically that sales are flat sequentially. Is that a trend that you would expect for the reminder of the year? Thanks.
Greg Matz: Thank you, Larry. I think they are valid questions we debated guidance quite frankly one of the things that causes a little pause was that foreign exchange started moving against this, its the last. Its volatile it changes like about every day depending on which way grief blows on in given morning. So as we were setting here with paper and pencil it was one of those days where currencies were moving more stronger against this so we were a little cautious as we roll that into in fact into top line and bottom line. On surgical I think we are probably a little conservative but having said that the franchise at 9% actually its 9% organically is they are good numbers they are not what we would deem as franchise would normally continue and sustain at 9%. So we are a little bit more cautious than assuming the first quarters strength of that organic growth.
Bob Weiss: Next question?
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Kim Gailun with JP Morgan.
Kim Gailun: Great. Hey, thanks guys. So a question on margins you talked a lot in the prepared comments about margin expansion in most of the highlights that you gave related to that expansion (Inaudible) at diverse margin line from what I heard. So I guess but Im curious here you talk about is how you think about SG&A, SG&A numbers over the next few years. I guess the backdrop of youve added 22% to your sales force you are spending happily on free land worth of new product launches. So when do we start to bring some of that leverage through the SG&A line.
Bob Weiss: You will see some leverage first on the G&A distribution areas where we are as I indicated that only grew really 11% while everything else were growing substantially above that. We are investing heavily meaning we grew top line 11% we grew our line items for sales and marketing as well as R&D more like 17% to 18%. We are investing now we continue to expect to invest over the next couple of years particularly tied in with geographic expansion, which plays into pushing operating cost if you will and the best areas by investing in the operating cost and investing in the structure. And an example to that would be we talked about China in the past then spend much time on China today. But China would be one we are still in check on going down our path of investing upwards to a drain of 40 basis points to 50 basis points on our operating margin this year. And that is still part of our expectation in a area like that. Now when do you start getting the payback really the payback is going to happen post 2012 post 2013 and that has become somewhat a question of if we think we are getting our moneys worth by investing and expanding we might enter more countries. We havent really spend much time talking about aggressive investing in Brazil, aggressive investing or any investing in India, aggressive investing in countries such as Russia. So there are opportunities we saw there some of them are kind of not comfortable yet getting there. But I would hope two years from now we are talking about some of those countries more aggressively. Im not so hung up on we think a natural migration of our operating margin is going to be where we are to the mid 20s and we can get there with a little bit of operating expense leverage and the natural fall out of gross margin, because of royalty expiration and what we can do in cost of goods sold. The first point is improve your operating margins weighting on cost of goods, continue to invest where it makes sense and seeing just how good the product is. The underlying assumption Ive got three products in each modality 1 Day with Proclear family two week with Avaira and monthly with Biofinity and would be a shame to be short sighted not to have enough money to get the most out of this product so hopefully that help you. Next question?
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Joanne Wuensch with BMO Capital Market.
Joanne Wuensch: Thank you very much for taking my question. Two part question of your silicon hydrogel revenue what percentage of it is in United States and what percentage of it is outside United States. And when the (Inaudible) royalty starts to roll off of that 8% gain, which we are talking about, which will help you get to those mid 20% operating margin. Are you going to let it all go through or can we expect some reinvestment?
Bob Weiss: Well I will take the second one first you can expect some reinvestment we will take some of it to the bottom line but I would expect in the neighborhood of half of it will be reinvested. And keep in mind that happens over a period of time it doesnt just, not a quiz though we will have some opportunity to plan that out. As far as silicon hydrogels the majority of our revenue actually the better half is outside the U.S. but its closer to 50-50 at this juncture. And therefore my opinion you know that 33% of revenue in the soft contact lens market is in the U.S. two-thirds it should be two to one. Well there are a lot of translators and a lot of leverage potential yet with silicon hydrogel outside the U.S. Next question?
Operator: Your final question today is from the line of Amit Bhalla with Citi.
Amit Bhalla: Hi quick question on Europe and just a clarification on guidance on Europe just the last quarter you talked about its a softening market. But it looks like it bounced back you just talk about the sustainability of what you are seeing in Europe. And just second on the guidance clarification so you took the midpoint up $0.13 did I hear it right $0.05 from the share repurchase and that will leave about $0.08 from the lower end of the tax rate or is there anything else thats driving the earnings revision upward.
Bob Weiss: Europe first, Europe is I call it a daily event but as far as its been okay for the contact lens industry. It was a little softness you see in the fourth quarter compared to how it did last year for example the contact lens industry in the fourth calendar quarter was that 5% the overall market was stronger than that last year. Actually I guess it wasnt held on 5 to 5 but it was not bad for us in the first quarter. So its not as we are busting the woods prior two years where it was clearly strongest of the three regions but its holding its own. On guidance the best way to think of the $0.13 add is the accretion of, by the acting $0.05 related to the midpoint and the other $0.07 is non-detector or two offsetting items. The tax going one way and then there was some recall related to consensus going the other way those washed out. Meaning we flushed through the P&L certain recall and that impacted the revenue line somewhat and operating cost somewhat. The pickup of the $0.07 really the strength of the first quarter, so we came out $0.07 stronger than the quarter we retained that in the guidance numbers you have going forward. We didnt keep the momentum of that $0.07 pickup in each quarter because we are investing and we talked about all the start up costs that will happen as we rollout, relaunch Avaira Toric and rollout SUS or single user silicon hydrogel, if you will and then have start up cost with the manufacturing of Biofinity in Puerto Rico. Any other questions?
Operator: You do have a follow-up question from the line of Jeff Johnson.
Jeff Johnson: Thanks guys just two quick one here. So Bob, we danced around kind of gross margin and SG&A here. But its just operating margin are you still assuming there maybe 100 to a little north of 100 basis points for the year. And then did I hear you correctly if you are moving some Biofinity manufacturing to Puerto Rico some of that is even going to outside of the main Juana Diaz facility or we just knew why would you be doing that outside of that facility.
Bob Weiss: Let me come back on that one first the  we are not moving anything from UK where we make Biofinity to Puerto Rico we are expanding in Puerto Rico where they are starting up Biofinity production inside the plant. Its in the same stall or some new location. Relative to gross margin and SG&A the expectation is we will be able to improve operating margin this year in that range of 50 basis points to 100 basis points, at the low end is the function of how impressive. We are with expansion in primarily China and at the high end assume that we get a little bit more out of leverage so its in the 50 basis points to 100 basis points improvement this year. Operator?
Operator: You do have a follow-up question from the line of Larry Biegelsen.
Larry Biegelsen: Hey, thanks for taking the follow-up question. Can you give us a little bit of comfort around some of the startup cost here? The new single daily use silicon hydrogel and Avaira Toric in the Biofinity line and I guess maybe on the single use of silicon hydrogel lens and have you made this lens. I guess Im just trying to understand you know the risk here that there could be significant startup cost here versus modest startup cost the reminder of the year.
Bob Weiss: On the silicon hydrogel there are going to be cost its not going to be a high gross margin to get. And its I would say the technology we are using to make it is a somewhat a known commodity. So that will be somewhat controlled in that sense and we are not trying to go aggressively into the market in fact I should have been clear if I wasnt that it is a limited launch we are talking about its not going to be a global launch. I didnt get into where and for to keep the competition guessing we are not going to say where, but the risk of startup cost being well beyond what we expect I think is steadily limited and controlled. Some of those other startup costs there is no doubt I think Greg when he gave his guidance on gross margin 62.5 I think to 63 kind of tells us we are what we expect will happen as we flush that into the P&L over the last three quarters if you will.
Operator: Im sorry go ahead.
Kim Duncan: Sorry, we are at the top of the hour we would like to conclude.
Operator: Go ahead and make your closing remarks then.
Bob Weiss: Well with that I thank everyone for joining us in todays call. Hopefully, you are pleased as we were with the results of the quarter and the progress we are making towards exploiting our family of products around the world, both gaining market share as well as successes in womens healthcare. So with that we look forward to talking to you in June.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you so much for your participation in todays program. This does conclude the presentation and you may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-12-08 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Bob Weiss - President and CEO Gene Midlock - Senior VP and CFO Al White - VP of Investor Relations, Treasurer, and Chief Strategic Officer 
Analysts: Larry Keusch - Morgan Keegan Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird Chris Cooley - Stephens Incorporated Matthew O'Brien - William Blair Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets Anthony Patron - Jefferies Kim Gailun - JPMorgan Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Adam - Citigroup
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the fourth quarter and full year 2011 The Cooper Companies Incorporated earnings conference call. [Operator instructions.] I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Ms. Kim Duncan, director of investor relations. Please go ahead Ms. Duncan.
Kim Duncan : Good afternoon, and welcome to the Cooper Companies fourth quarter and full year 2011 earnings conference call. Im Kim Duncan, director of investor relations, and joining me on todays call are Bob Weiss, president and chief executive officer; Gene Midlock, senior vice president and chief financial officer; and Al White, VP, investor relations, treasurer, and chief strategic officer. Before we get started, Id like to remind you that this conference call continues forward looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market conditions, and integration of any acquisitions. Forward looking statements necessarily depend on assumptions, data, or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward-Looking Statements in today's earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including the business section of Cooper's Annual Report on Form 10-K. These are publicly available and on request from the company's Investor Relations department. Now, before I turn the call over to Bob, let me comment on the agenda for the call. Bob will begin by providing highlights of the quarter, followed by Gene, who will then discuss the fourth quarter and full year financial results. We will keep the formal presentation to roughly 30 minutes, then open up the call for questions. We expect the call to last approximately one hour. We request that anyone asking questions please limit yourself to one question. Should you have any additional questions, please call our investor line at 925-460-3663 or e-mail IR@coopercos.com. As a reminder, this call is being webcast and a copy of the earnings release is available through the Investor Relations section of The Cooper Companies website. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Bob for his opening remarks.
Bob Weiss: Thank you Kim, and good afternoon, good evening to everyone. Another great quarter here at Cooper. Aside from the Avaira recall, the momentum continues. For the fourth fiscal quarter, we put up stellar top line growth, up 15%, 12% in constant currency. We delivered $361 million in revenue. Excluding the Avaira recall impact, our gross margin was 63%. Strong top line, solid margins, lower interest expense lifted our non-GAAP earnings per share 34% to $1.46. GAAP earnings per share was $1.15, hurdling the recalls $1 million charge that we took in the fourth quarter and a settlement of a patent claim for $10 million in aggregate. Then we had an outstanding cash flow quarter generating over $78 million of free cash flow and reducing our debt-to-cap to 16%. The key takeaways for todays call: We again put up great results, with strong revenue growth, good margins, favorable impact from lowering interest expense and a great bottom line. The impact of our launches of Biofinity Multifocal globally and Biofinity into Japan helped continue our silicone hydrogel momentum, which fueled our double digit results.  Our $78 million of free cash flow allowed us to continue to deleverage, with debt-to-cap now only 16%. Today our debt, at $380 million, is down 58% versus the $900 million it was in January of 2009. Weve done this while continuing to invest in sales force expansion, R&D, and acquisitions.  Without giving away too much competitive information, our sales force expansion was about 25% this past year. Our sales force expansion reflects our strategy to get more feet on the street and cover a greater amount of geographic coverage worldwide. We have the products, we have the capacity. Why not test our geographic strength?  Our silicone hydrogel family is driving growth. During the fourth quarter the family achieved $103 million in revenues. Thats 39% constant currency increase versus the prior years fourth quarter. Silicone hydrogel are now 34% of CooperVisions revenue.  We continue to feel positive about the future of our silicone hydrogel sales, driven by multiple factors including the recent success of our Biofinity Multifocal launch in the $150 million silicone hydrogel multifocal market and the launch of Biofinity sphere in Japan in the $400 million silicon hydrogel market. To update you on the progress with respect to our Avaira recall, let me touch on several points. We believe the situation has been fully addressed, and no further expansion of the recall will be required. We are working closely with the FDA and other global regulatory agencies to complete the recall as quickly as possible.  We have completed contacting our customers for the Avaira Toric recall and are in the final stages of product recovery. Initial notifications have been sent to our customers for the Avaira Sphere recall and follow up activities are ongoing. We are continuing to ship Avaira Sphere and we are optimistic that well be able to relaunch Toric in the April timeframe. Let me also highlight a few recent developments with the FDA. The FDA has completed inspections of two of our three manufacturing facilities, that being Puerto Rico and New York, and no observations were received, that is no Form 483. We expect the FDA to inspect our UK facilities as well, although we are not aware of the timing at this point.  The FDA has also inspected our US distribution center located in West Henrietta, New York. We received a 483 with five observations and subsequently, on December 7, we received a warning letter from the FDA. The observations are related to labeling and packaging and are not product-specific. We are working closely with the FDA to solve the observations. Our focus remains on doing the best for our customers and we remain 100% focused on delivering high-quality products to the marketplace. Now let me move on and discuss how we did geographically. Foreign exchange still played a positive role, although at a much-reduced rate, in the third quarter. For CooperVision, currency impacted revenue versus prior year by 4%, down from 9% in the third quarter. In constant currency, we had a solid growth rate in each region. The Americas was up 10% constant currency, Europe 4%, Asia 29%, and overall I understand we had 11% constant currency growth. In constant currency regional drivers were in the Americas, trading up to silicon hydrogel and one-days; in Europe, growth in silicon hydrogel and one-days; and in Asia-Pacific, growth related to the IME acquisition completed in the first fiscal quarter of the year, together with primarily Proclear one-day and also the Biofinity rollout now in Japan.  The soft contact lens market weakened slightly in the third quarter. Thats the third calendar quarter. But it is likely to finish the current year in the 4-6% range we predicted. The third calendar quarter growth was 3% constant currency. Trailing 12-month, a more important gauge, was 4%. The market was up 3% and CooperVision was up 5% in the third quarter. Clearly CooperVision is growing, at almost 2X the market in the third quarter. That was sponsored by our silicon hydrogel, up 37% in constant currency versus market growth for silicon hydrogel of 9%. We continue to gain share in our trading up. Market growth in one-days is up 8% constant currency; Torics, up 7%; Multifocals up 6%; silicon hydrogel materials ended up being up 9% and are now 43% of the total market. Recall the market remains a trade-up market. Trade-ups for silicon hydrogel are roughly 20-40% and for one-days the trade-up is roughly 5 times revenue. Worldwide, Torics, or specialty lenses, are also supporting solid gains, up 7% partially due to the fact that lenses are much less penetrated outside the United States. The strong performance in Asia-Pacific reflects some rebound in Japan with strength in Torics and one-days. Japans growth had been more modest in the past two years. CooperSurgical, our womens healthcare franchise, had another great quarter. With $57 million in revenue, it was up 14%, 8% in organic growth. Drivers continue to be surgical procedures, hospital, and same-day surgery, where revenue is up 24% and now accounts for 36% of CooperSurgical revenue. Fertility also turned in double-digit revenue growth of 10%. CooperSurgical continues to impress with a solid gross margin at 65% and operating margins at 26%. With its $220 million now of run rate revenue; multiple sales force call points; strong centralized campus in Trumbull, Connecticut; and strong franchise with the OBGYN professional, this business is very leverageable. In the quarter we acquired a business in Colorado called Summit Doppler. Summit, a supplier to us, has revenues of about $8 million annualized. It makes both obstetrical and vascular ultrasound Doppler systems. In addition to a strong portfolio, Summit brings a strong electrical engineering expertise that can be used to upgrade several of our older products such as the MedaSonics brand of Dopplers. We paid $16 million, and expect the deal to be meaningful to earnings in year one and accretive thereafter.  A little bit about guidance. We are providing 2012 guidance for the first time. For the soft contact lens market, we believe the market will grow in the 4-6% range in spite of its relative weakness in the past calendar quarter.  For CooperVision, we expect to continue to gain share, and are projecting growth of 6% in the midpoint of our guidance range. Momentum should continue, sponsored by the geographic expansion of our silicon hydrogel family, particularly with our recent successes in Biofinity in Japan and Biofinity Multifocal as well as our Proclear one-day.  We expect to deliver an earnings per share growth that should have us achieving an earnings per share number approaching $5 next year. We will do this while continuing our program of investing in geographic expansion, particularly in China. Now continuing with our successful strategy, we believe it is solid and it has delivered results. CooperSurgical is putting up outstanding results and is leveraging operating ratios. This franchise was built with a solid understanding of the value of critical mass in the womens healthcare market targeting the OBGYNs. We follow the professionals wherever they go: Office, surgery center, hospital, or IVF centers.  Although the call point is different for each, the leverage is considerable. CooperSurgicals fourth quarter gross profit was 65% and as I mentioned operating margins 26%. And due to minimal capex requirements for surgical to generate a significant free cash flow, we are dedicated to this strategy and will continue to do tuck-in acquisitions and leverage the CooperSurgical structure. CooperVisions strategy is more complex and is much more global in nature. In the $6.8 billion soft contact lens industry, because of the uniqueness of our manufacturing platforms and product portfolio, we are the only participant that follows a complex strategy, which means we are the only company that promotes silicon hydrogel as well as non silicon hydrogel. That is, the Proclear family.  We emphasize branded as well as non-branded products, but private label does not translate to lower priced products. We actively promote and specialize in custom lenses, with a high gross profit margin of course. We support all modalities to the eye care professional. That is, one-day, two-week, as well as monthly lenses. And we support all types of lenses: Spheres, Torics, multifocals, and with close to 30% share in the specialty categories of Torics and multifocal, it is acknowledged that were pretty good at specialty lenses. Few would challenge the success of Biofinity Toric for astigmatism. Put a great design together with a great material and great things can happen. We have seen early successes for the same reason with Biofinity Multifocal, which hit the market in the last fiscal quarter.  On the capacity front, with the exception of Avaira Toric, things are ahead of plan to deliver considerably more product where weve been supply-constrained. The Biofinity family, Proclear one-day, one-day Torics, are all ramping up nicely. So we are no longer supply-constrained in these areas.  On price, we, like the soft contact lens industry, have a trade-up strategy. Our new wearers and existing wearers are targeted for silicon hydrogel, the Proclear family, and one-day and single-use lenses. Each creates more revenue per wearer. The one-day modality, for example, results in three to five times more revenue per wearer.  While this strategy sacrifices the gross profit margin percent, it generally creates two to four times more profit per wearer. Of course, this strategy competes head on with the lens care space since we are shifting wearers resources from lens care to contact lenses.  In my opinion, we also are the one company that is the most focused currently in the industry, lacking many of the distractions that some of our competitors are going through. Now, I might add, that with Biofinity, Avaira, and Proclear, we have a lot to talk about with the eye care professionals around the globe. Just a brief comment about some management changes. As previously announced, Gene Midlock, who has helped me take Cooper to the next level the past several years, will be turning over the reins at Cooper as CFO. Gene is not leaving Cooper, just taking more time to smell the roses or play more golf, if you will. He will continue to head up our global tax strategy and the tax department.  At Cooper we have invested a lot of energy in grooming our bench strength. Im happy to announce that Greg Matz, who is currently our VP of Finance, and up until recently VP and CFO of vision, will be taking over for Gene. With an extensive knowledge of CooperVision, which is 85% of Coopers operations and our very active successor planning program here at Cooper, Greg is already very much up to speed for this new role. I want to personally thank Gene for his hard work and dedication in getting us to where we are and welcome Greg to his new role, where he, Im sure, will help continue to momentum. Al White, I might add, will continue his role as VP of investor relations, treasurer, as well as the companys chief strategy officer, reporting directly to me. In summary, before I turn it over to Gene for his swan song on solid results, fourth quarter 11 continued our string of pleasant surprises. We again delivered on the top line gross profit percent, operating income margin, EPS, free cash flow, deleveraging and many value-enhancing projects like capacity expansion, geographic expansion, and tuck-in acquisitions.  Our silicon hydrogel family of products are doing well, up 39% in constant currency, exceeding $100 million this last quarter. We are pleased with our progress and our rollout of Biofinity into the $150 million silicon hydrogel multifocal market, 50% of the entire multifocal market, as well as our expansion in the $400 million Japanese silicon hydrogel market. Our CooperSurgical tuck-in strategy has continued to execute well and exceed expectations. Few would question CooperSurgicals ability to achieve synergy following these tuck-ins. In the middle of the so-called great recession, we again delivered impressive numbers with non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.46 in the fourth quarter, up 34%; free cash flow over $78 million, bringing our fiscal year free cash flow to over $232 million, and allowing us to delever to 60% debt-to-cap compared to 27% at the beginning of the fiscal year. As always, I remind you, our people are our number-one asset. They delivered again. One of the key goals is to keep our employees healthy and productive, and here we have a very robust bonus program globally. Once again, we owe our employees a big thank you for all their great accomplishments as well as their loyalty to Cooper. With that, Ill turn it over to Gene, who will elaborate on our impressive results.
Gene Midlock : Thank you Bob. Good afternoon everyone. Thanks for joining us again. Ill briefly highlight some of the financial results and profit and loss, as well as touch on some balance sheet items before we get to the Q&A.  I think revenue again is pretty well laid out in the press release as well as Bobs comments, so Ill start with gross margin. In Q4, GAAP gross margin was 62%, compared with 60% in Q4 last year. Non-GAAP gross margin was 63% versus 61% in Q4 last year. For the full year, GAAP gross margin was 60% versus 58% in 2010, non-GAAP gross margin was 62% versus 60% last year. CooperVision reported a GAAP gross margin of 61% versus 59% in Q4 last year. On a non-GAAP basis gross margin was 63% versus 60% last year. The increase was attributable mainly to manufacturing efficiency gains and favorable product mix with silicon hydrogel sales now representing 34% of revenue, up 41% from last year. Also, remember last years fourth quarter had a charge of $3.5 million for the closure of our Norfolk facility which we transferred the manufacturing to our existing plants in Puerto Rico and the UK. CooperSurgical had a GAAP and non-GAAP gross profit margin of 65%, which is the same as it had last year in Q4. Again, this is due to manufacturing efficiencies and favorable product mix. SG&A in Q4 on a GAAP basis, expenses increased by 18% from Q4 last year to $129.7 million, and were 36% of revenue versus 35% in Q4 last year. This is generally attributable to increased sales and marketing expenses, commissions, new hires, etc. associated with higher revenue and new product launches in addition to increased legal costs. Non-GAAP SG&A was up 19% in Q4 of 2011 and was 36% of revenue, up from 35%. For the full year, GAAP SG&A increased by 16% to $503.1 million and increased to 38% of revenue from 37% last year. Non-GAAP SG&A increased by 17% and increased to 38% of revenue, up from 37% last year. Turning to R&D expenses, in Q4 R&D increased by 12% from Q4 last year to $11.7 million and were 3% of revenue, the same as last year. This increase is attributable to additional staffing and costs associated with increased clinical trials for a variety of products. For the full year, R&D was up 24% and again was 3% of revenue. As a result of the above, operating margin on a GAAP basis for Q4 was 18% of revenue, a decrease from 20% in Q4 last year. For the full year, operating margin was 17% of revenue, up from 16% in FY10. On a non-GAAP basis, operating margin was 23% of revenue, up from 21% in Q4 last year, and for the fiscal year operating margin was 20% versus 18% last year.  Interest expense was $2.9 million and was 64% lower than Q4 last year. This reflects the maintenance of a strong fund to debt EBITDA ratio, reduced borrowings, and lower interest rates. For the full year, interest expense was $17.3 million, a 53% decrease from FY10. The effective tax rate on a GAAP basis in Q4 was 10% versus 10.5% last year. On a non-GAAP basis, the Q4 effective tax rate was 9% versus 14% last year. The tax rate decrease from Q4 last year was largely because of a shift of income to lower tax jurisdictions. As weve mentioned many times, we now have minimal manufacturing in the US, and most of it is now done in jurisdictions with lower tax rates, as well as decreased tax rate in certain non-US jurisdictions like UK, which is continued to lower its tax rate, now to 26%. For the full year, GAAP effective tax rate was 9% and non-GAAP tax rate was 10%, and thats consistent with our previously provided estimates. Guidance for 2012, which well get into a little later, will be in the 10-12% range. In Q4, depreciation was $20.7 million, including $800,000 of accelerated depreciation and amortization of $5.6 million, for a total of $26.3 million of noncash charges. For the full-year, depreciation was $77.5 million, amortization was $20.6 million, for a total of $98.1 million. In the fourth quarter we had a $1.6 million charge for stock option compensation. Earnings per share were laid out pretty well in the press release. For Q4 we had $1.15 on a GAAP basis and $1.46 on a non-GAAP basis. As youll note, in the earnings release the main difference is attributable to the limited voluntary Sphere recall of $6.2 million, which is about $0.10, and the settlement of patent litigation of $10 million, which was approximately $0.21. So you can model correctly for next year, the non-GAAP charges were $1.1 million of revenue, $4.9 million to cost of goods sold, opex of $10.2 million. For the full year, GAAP EPS was $3.63 and non-GAAP EPS was $4.50.  Turning to the balance sheet, As Bob indicated, we had $78.5 million of free cash flow for the quarter and $232.6 million for the full year. Total debt was reduced by $64.8 million to $380.4 million in the quarter, and debt as a percentage of capitalization is 16.4%, down from 19.1% in Q3. At quarter end, the ratio of funded debt to EBITDA was 1.03, a decrease from 1.26 in Q3. Inventories increased slightly by $10.2 million from the last quarter, with 5.5 months on hand, up from 4.9 months on hand in Q3. And note, Q3 was artificially low because of the Avaira Toric recall.  Accounts receivable were also closely monitored, with DSOs at 55 days, same as last quarter, down from 57 days last year. At this point, Id like to turn it back over for the question and answer period. 
Operator: [Operator instructions.] And your first question today comes from the line of Larry Keusch with Morgan Keegan.
Larry Keusch - Morgan Keegan: I just wanted to start off, perhaps you can help us understand a little bit about what you guys are assuming for the 2012 guidance. Im sure thats higher than a lot of people anticipated and I think people are just going to want to understand the assumptions that you guys are baking in there in terms of operating margins. It sounds like Avaira Toric youre assuming will be back in the mix. Any color on that would be really helpful. 
Bob Weiss: Obviously we came out real strong at the end of the fourth quarter, indicative of the fact that our franchise products, [unintelligible], exceeding $100 million in revenue for silicon hydrogel lenses in total for the quarter. And keep in mind that the monthly - as Ive always said, when you look at gross margins, monthly is our area for high gross margins and high profits - so weve had a lot of our growth, which if you also reflect on the fact that foreign exchange weakened, therefore the amount of money we delivered in constant currency was a very robust quarter, very solid gross margins because of product mix.  Were continuing to expect that Biofinity will continue to ramp up nicely. We have the capacity. So I guess I would credit, number one, why do we sound more bullish? Number one, this is the first time we have given guidance. Two, Ive indicated we expected to grow earnings per share at double digit, in that range. The only area were taking a little money off the table, quite frankly, is we are investing, and will continue to invest, in sales force expansion, and we will continue, as we had indicated, we are going to go more aggressively into China in terms of making an investment there.  So the underlying assumption in our guidance is for investment in China, to a degree, and strong continuation of Biofinity, which has stellar operating profits, contributions, with it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert W. Baird. 
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: Gene, just want to say good luck and congratulations on three good successful years here as CFO. 
Gene Midlock: Thank you. 
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: And Bob, question for you, just on the FDA front. Let me ask it in a three-part question, I guess, so it all fits as one question. But on the labeling and packaging warning letter, wheres the risk with this? It doesnt sound like its product specific, but what could you imagine maybe spending on this? Is there risk, if it doesnt get mitigated or resolved soon, that there could be any kind of products off the market, anything like that, number one? Number two, with Puerto Rico having been successfully inspected, can you compare and contrast maybe the upcoming or the expected inspection of the UK what would be similar or different there, and is there a read through from Puerto Rico passing on how we should think about the UK?  And then just lastly, talking about Avaira Toric coming back in April. With the facility inspection done and successful, does that mean that youre probably going to need a modified 510K? Is there something there thats keeping it off the market until April? 
Bob Weiss: Well, that is one long question. [laughter] I guess I dont want to get too far into all of the details and tactics other than to say we obviously we were pleased with the outcome of no 483s in our two plants that have undergone that. And Im not going to say we were pleased with the outcome in our distribution center, but if I said theres good news, the good news is the distribution center, which doesnt have all the technical nuances, clearly, that managing our plants do.  So, as I think we indicated, and I indicated in my comments, we think weve really had our arms around where we need to get to, both as to, if you will, addressing the FDA, where were working with them. Its not like were battling them. Were moving forward. There is a tie-in with obviously our expectation to get Avaira Toric back out onto the market. Yes, it does take a special, or some type of filing, 510K, and we expect at this point in time, that well be able to get back on the market by mid-fiscal year. So that is built into our assumptions, and keep in mind the plant in Puerto Rico makes both the Avaira Toric and all the high-volume Spheres, so the fact that weve been cleared on that side, that plant, and I dont want to overstate what no comments means, relative to the regulatory process, but we factored where we think we are in the process into our guidance numbers and our expectation going forward.  I think beyond that I really dont want to get into a lot of nuances dealing with the recall, emphasizing that Avaira Toric was less than 1% of our revenue. It doesnt warrant as much time and airtime as its been getting. And recognizing that even Avaira Sphere, which continues on the market, we swapped out, that represented less than 1% of our overall revenue. That was the issue of the partial recall.  On the distribution side, I would just say, distribution side is packaging. If you cant get that fixed, its kind of shame on you, so were not thinking we cant be responsive at this juncture.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chris Cooley with Stephens. 
Chris Cooley - Stephens Incorporated: Let me maybe just ask, as we think about the quarter and you look at the impressive gross margin expansion you had there, how much of that would you attribute to just what I was assuming was running those plants pretty much at capacity as you were building replacement stock, both in terms of Avaira Toric and also the Avaira Sphere. And are those inventories still at some level at risk? Just as we think about the recall process. Thats, I guess a two-part, one question. How about that? 
Bob Weiss: Our plants are certainly running at much better capacity in 2011 than 2010. So were starting to see the benefits of the shutdown of Norfolk fully vetted through the quarter. Of course we started seeing that last quarter. Were seeing the benefits of favorable mix. We think weve adequately reserved for those inventory lots that were part of the recall, if you will.  And the fact that we are continuing to make Avaira and ship Avaira, were just putting more demand on those units to beat back our inventory, if you will, that is taken out of the pipeline when we had a reserve in aggregate most of the 20 million third quarter and fourth quarter, the Toric and the Sphere. Most of everything were talking about is either inventory sitting in our plant or in the pipeline. So we wrote down a lot of inventory and that inventory also needs to be replaced. And when you think about idleness or absorption, then I dont see that as a major drain going forward. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew O'Brien with William Blair.
Matthew O'Brien - William Blair: I was hoping to just get a bit more color around the Avaira issues. I know its fairly early, since the Sphere expansion of the recall, but just any sense for anecdotal commentary around customers you may have lost because of these two recalls on top of each other? And then any sense for how many customers have actually just been switched over to Biofinity rather than back into a Sphere. And then how much time is this consuming of your sales force at this point? 
Bob Weiss: Once again, I think were spending way too much time on 1% of our business. I will say, yes, there is strain on the sales force. Theres no doubt theres some energy involved in switching out and explaining that. Most of that is right when the announcement happened. So weve taken a good chunk of that discussion. Your question about are we converting Avaira Toric to Biofinity Toric, the answer is very successfully so, yes. And that is a positive relative to certainly ARPs and gross margins, not a negative in that sense. Thats maybe the thin silver lining. And I dont want to overstate the silver lining. But aside from that, we think we have our arms around where were going on the way forward. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo: Gene, could you give us a little more of the specifics around the P&L? I think Larry Keusch asked up front about the 2012 assumptions. Just some more specifics around the guidance assumptions? And Bob, why are you confident in 4-6% in 2012 for the contact lens market if the market slowed to 3%? 
Gene Midlock: Specific on guidance. So revenue 4-8%, low to high obviously. Gross profit percentage, 62.5-63%. Opex 42-43. OI around 20-20.5. Interest expense 10-11. And effective tax rate, 10-12%. 
Bob Weiss: And on assumptions on revenue, youre correct. The market decelerated in one quarter to 3%. I think were all keenly aware that Europe is maybe taking its turn as far as softening. Could it be down to 3%, which was the worst year, 2009? I suppose, but do I believe it? Im much more proponent of one quarter does not a trend make. And thats why we put more weight on trailing 12 months than we do on the quarter. And the trailing 12 months is still 4.3%. And Im not saying thats stellar, but its in the middle of the great recession, as its called. I dont think thats all that bad.  I still remain optimistic that 4-6 going forward. Im pleased with the life were seeing come out of Japan. I do think well get more and more momentum in China and Asia. And I dont think anyone really knows what Europe is going to be about, but the US has kind of held its own nicely. So Im still a believer the 4-6% is a reasonable range and weve hit it pretty well the last four years. I dont want to be too cavalier but its our best estimate. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Joanne Wuensch with BMO Capital Markets. 
Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets: Can you update us on how your view is changing, or may have changed, on acquisitions in womens health? And as a secondary, could you tell us what else may be at risk in the UK given that the FDA has not gone through there yet? 
Bob Weiss: Well, when it comes to our view on acquisitions in womens health care, no change there. Weve been successful, very successful, over the last 35 or so acquisitions weve done. Obviously we have the critical mass. We obviously have the balance sheet strength. And theres no reason to think they cant continue to handle one to two acquisitions a year. And they had two this past year that for all practical purposes and theyve done a good chunk of what they plan to do already in those two acquisitions in terms of the integration process. Relative to the third plant, I would say that the people that we have overseeing the manufacturing plants, and Ill even add that weve kind of made a recent organizational change, unrelated to this in terms of overseeing not only manufacturing plants but also our distribution centers, at the senior level. Im convinced they have their arms around it with a very solid quality assurance team as well as those running the plant.  So what I would say is an A+ relative to how they run the plant, I acknowledge the recall emanated out of there, we can debate that whole process and how that ever happened - and kind of like why are you in medical devices or healthcare at all? We know tough competitors of ours that are part of companies that have in excess of 40 recalls. So thats just part of the nature of the beast of being in the healthcare arena.  Im convinced that our people know what theyre doing when it comes to running plants, and good manufacturing processes. So I sleep well at night, generally.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Anthony Patron with Jefferies. 
Anthony Patron - Jefferies: Just one on the recall, going back to Avaira. If we look at prior conference calls that weve had and weve focused in on J&Js recalls, the company had mentioned that that created opportunities for Cooper, and it seemed to come to fruition in the results. So how will the company go about stemming this the other way? Has there been any share losses? Not necessarily in this specific category, but in other categories. And last, on the 4-6%, what exactly is in there for the return of Avaira Toric by midyear?
Bob Weiss: You bring up a good point. I probably missed one of the earlier questions that was raised, on how the customers are dealing with it. I think there have been a number of those, including ourselves, that have gone out and sampled the attitude of our customers. Weve done it. Others have done it.  And all I can say is I think weve done as professional a job as we can in dealing with our eye care professionals. Obviously theyre our bread and butter. Weve taken care of them. A good many of them like the design of the products and have switched over from Avaira Toric to Biofinity.  So I would say there was a substantial amount of those that said, okay, I dont have Avaira Toric available. Ill switch over to Biofinity Toric as opposed to going the other way. Some did, in fact, go to Proclear, which is another good design. And yes, we did lose a small portion, and I emphasize a small portion, of where the Toric wearer went. Relative to the Sphere, well, it never really came off the market. We swapped it out. We do have the capacity. So that was less problematic. There were no substantial time delays in getting them swapped. So as a result of that, and keeping the customers fully informed along the way, I think weve done a good job of preserving the franchise with minimal damage.  This product, [unintelligible] Avaira Toric, was less than 1% of our revenue and had just been launched. So it wasnt like it had a substantial amount of wearer base out there that you then had a lot of challenges to deal with. So that minimized it.  How much is built into the 4-6% guidance? Of course thats the market. Were more like 6% midpoint for our guidance, 4-8%. And from the point of view of Avaira Toric, it was insignificant last year. Its insignificant in any guidance in 2012. At the upper end of guidance, its in. At the lower end of guidance, its not in.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Kim Gailun with JPMorgan.
Kim Gailun - JPMorgan: Just a quick question on the use of cash in 2012. You talked a little bit about the acquisition strategy in womens health, but could you also touch on your plans in terms of debt paydown and maybe at what point a share buyback might make sense for Cooper? And the follow on to that one is just youve got your free cash flow guidance for next year, which implies a number thats kind of flat to a bit down versus this year. So maybe talk a little bit about what the drivers of those assumptions are.
Operator: Use of cash. We will continue to be active in looking at acquisitions, both womens healthcare as well as contact lenses, and particularly geographic expansion. In the absence of that, we will continue to pay down that and we still have $380 million of debt on our balance sheet. So we havent run out of debt to pay off.  Buybacks are a function of what other uses do you have of cash that you have on your radar. I would say were mindful of buybacks. Were mindful that at times theyre popular and we would obviously keep our mind open as we look at our cash needs going forward. In terms of free cash flow, the upper end of the range is $230 million, flat with this last year. Probably some things to factor in your thinking is the settlement, for example, of $10 million hits our P&L in 2011, but is a cash use in 2012. So we have a few things like that. But nothing major.  We are also assuming in 2012 that were spending more on capex than we did in 2011. In 2011, a little over $100 million. 2012 might be more in the $120-140 million range. So the underlying assumption is being more aggressive in the capital use area, and I think that probably covers it. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research: Just on internal growth this quarter, I was wondering if you could separate out how much was IME and then talk about the third quarter calendar internal growth for the company of 5% versus the third quarter fiscal that you guys reported of 11%. 
Bob Weiss: The 11% includes about 3% for IME. [unintelligible] more like 8. The 5% for the calendar quarter is actually 5.4% and so when I mentioned that we grew almost 2 times to market - down to a decimal the market was 2.8, we were 5.4. We were about 1.9 times the market in the calendar quarter. We did finish strong. Biofinity, in October, which is off the calendar quarter, was a solid month for Biofinity, and the continued rollout of some of our products. So in that sense the delta between the 5.4% and the 8% for the fiscal quarter, which is the organic constant currency, CooperVision for the fiscal quarter is some to do with that, the [unintelligible].
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Amit Bhalla with Citi.
Adam - Citigroup:   Hi, this is Adam in for Amit. I just want to go back to guidance really quick. So I believe on the last quarters earnings call that you had said you expected low double-digit earnings growth in 2012, and the midpoint of your guidance is right at 9%. I was wondering if you could talk about that. And maybe the comment that you had made on outgrowing the market growth of 4-6% on top line growth, even though the midpoint is at 6. So are you assuming very minimal beat on the market for next year?
Bob Weiss: That would translate. If you took the mid, 4-6, thats five. And you take our mid, 4-8, thats six. So were basically saying we are going to continue to gain market share. We are not in guidance at all assuming we continue to grow at close to 2X the market. In trailing 12 months growth we were at 1.75 the market. So lets say were assuming less robust market share gains, but continuing market share gains. As far as the bottom line is concerned, I said we would grow double digits. Obviously the earnings, and a lot of the assumptions at that point in time was more in and around 420, 425 as opposed to 450, so were basically taking a lot of that phenomenal strength in the fourth quarter into next year but the combination of that factor, youre off of a much higher base, number one. And number two, I mentioned briefly that were investing in China. We plan on investing several millions of dollars. Well put some weight on opex that will grow next year as well as the bottom line. That is kind of one where there is an element of discretionary about that. The stronger we are on the top line the probably more aggressive we will invest along those lines and in fact that will weight down some of our - it could be - the good news is we grew faster on the top line. The bad news is our operating ratios are a little less because we invest more. Its that type of thing where were going to pay attention to where we are, because we are mindful of our commitment toward the bottom line but were also pretty aggressive in our desire to continue to spend money on those things we think have good long term total shareholder return. So we think China does long term, we certainly think sales force expansion does long term. So I think that will probably give you enough color on why a little [unintelligible] the mid of our range a little less than 10%.
Operator: Your next question is a follow up question from the line of Larry Biegelsen.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo: [audio dropped out] I think thats what it was in the past. And then just any feedback on Cibas DAILIES TOTAL1 launch in Europe? 
Bob Weiss: Its probably a little less than $10 million. More in the $4-6 million range as a starting in. But quite frankly, and quite honestly, were not going to start spending too much until we get some key positions in place, so some of it will be a function of our ability to hire and find the right people. So Ill be a little - [unintelligible] from Missouri whether or not, even if we tried to spend $10 million, we could spend that much intelligently. So its not a fire drill. Well do it as we can and as it is prudent. So thats there, and I think its more like $4-6 million than it is $10 million. And whats built into guidance and the range we gave you, more at midpoint, ballpark around $5 million.  As far as the Ciba dailies, if you see it let me know. I havent seen it and quite frankly silicon hydrogel dailies, if we look at the US, I dont quote HPR data, Health Products Research, too often. It gets into on eye. And if thats any indication, the on eye experience of silicon hydrogel dailies in the US weakened in the third quarter versus the second quarter, that didnt look like a growth story to me. And I will continue to be a skeptic on how fast silicon hydrogel dailies will make it. It will, ultimately, if were talking 10 years down the road, but I have a feeling most people are not asking questions, what its going to be like, in 2022. So more in the next several years. There will be a place for silicon hydrogel dailies, but it will be more nichy than it will be dominant.
Operator: Your next question is a follow up question from the line of Jeff Johnson. 
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: Hey Bob, just a couple other questions on the daily comments you just made, and silicone. Can you tell us, or give us an update, on just kind of penetration rates on daily disposables in the US? Are you continuing to see those move up a little bit? And then from a guidance standpoint, on the revenue side, you come up against easier comps in the first half of the year relative to the second half. But you have some potential, building launches, and that could help more in the second half than the first. So how do we think about revenue dating throughout the year? Should we see it relatively level loaded from a growth standpoint? Or is the first half going to be faster than the second half? How do you think of that? 
Bob Weiss: On revenue, I would say pretty much even over the year. And the reason I say that, because youre going to have the first six months more to do with the recall related activities and ramping back up and getting back out into the market. So I would normally say youre right, easier comps first six than the back six. Currency will play a little, particularly in the third quarter.  Next year will be a tougher comp because the dollar was pretty weak in the third quarter and everyone elses currency was pretty strong in the third quarter. So that will play a little into it, but overall currency next year is pretty much a wash, maybe 1%, based on current rates. Now, we dont get into, in our guidance we do not assume future rate changes. Theyre set where we are today. We dont get into the betting game.  As far as silicon hydrogel one-day in the US, I mentioned that the fits, both at HPR, health products research, did not increase during the quarter. They decreased. It was already a small part of the US market. So theres no evidence right now that it, silicon hydrogel, is going anywhere in the US. When it comes to overall single-use lenses, they continue to do very well, both in the US. And thats probably the one thats really driving the global growth as much as anything now, is the US market has tremendous potential yet for trading up. And keep in mind the trading up, when it comes to single use, is still 3-5 times more revenue.  So as an industry we like it, particularly because we make a lot of money in that venue of trading up. We do take money away from lens care companies that obviously, if you go to the store and buy lens care products you know how much they charge for a bottle. I know how much they charge for a bottle. Anyway, Im happy to take the money off the retail store and put it in the eye care professionals pocket. With that, I think weve probably concluded our hour, and I look forward to updating you again in March when we finish our first quarter. I wish everyone a happy new year, and hopefully youll enjoy our numbers. Thank you.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-08-31 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Kim Duncan - Director of IR Bob Weiss - President and CEO Gene Midlock - SVP and CFO Al White - VP, IR, Treasurer and CSO
Analysts: Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets Konstantin Tcherepachenets - Morgan Keegan Chris Cooley - Stephens Incorporated Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Matthew O'Brien - William Blair Kim Gailun - JPMorgan Amit Bhalla - Citigroup
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the third quarter 2011 The Cooper Companies Incorporated earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to hand the call over to Ms. Kim Duncan, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Kim Duncan: Good afternoon and welcome to The Cooper Companies third quarter 2011 earnings conference call. I'm Kim Duncan, Director of Investor Relations. Joining me on today's call are Bob Weiss, President and Chief Executive Officer; Gene Midlock, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Al White, Vice President, Investor Relations, Treasurer and Chief Strategic Officer. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market conditions and integration of any acquisitions. Forward-looking statements necessarily depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward-Looking Statements in today's earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including the business section of Cooper's Annual Report on Form 10-K. These are publicly available and on request from the company's Investor Relations department. Now, before I turn the call over to Bob, let me comment on the agenda. Bob will begin by providing highlights on the quarter, followed by Gene who will then discuss the third quarter financial results. We will keep the formal presentation to roughly 30 minutes, then open up the call for questions. We expect the call to last approximately one hour. We request that anyone asking questions please limit yourself to one question. Should you have any additional questions, please call our investor line at 925-460-3663 or e-mail IR at coopercos.com. As a reminder, this call is being webcast and a copy of the earnings release is available through the Investor Relations section of The Cooper Companies website. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Bob for his opening remarks.
Bob Weiss: Thank you, Kim, and good afternoon and evening everyone. Another great quarter the momentum continued. For the third fiscal quarter, we put solid topline growth up 19%, 12% in constant currency. We delivered $351 million in revenue. Excluding the Avaira Toric voluntary limited recall impact, our gross margin was 62%. Strong topline, solid margins, lower interest expense lifted our non-GAAP earnings per share 26% to $1.15. GAAP earnings per share was $0.78 hurtling the recall, a $14 million charge and the acquisition accounting reversal, an entry of $6 million. I'll Gene get into that in a little bit. We had yet another outstanding cash flow quarter paying down $108 million of debt, supported by $68 million of free cash flow. Key takeaways for today's call, we again put up great results with strong revenue growth, good margins, favorable impact of lowering interest expense and a great bottomline. Still early, the impact on revenue of our launch of Biofinity Multifocal in Japan has aided our double-digit growth. Our $68 million of free cash flow was a strong contributor to reducing our debt-to-cap to below 20%. Today, our debt is $445 million. It is less than one-half of what it was two-and-a-half years ago. We've delivered all this, yet we continue to invest in our future, our pipeline, our plans and both valuable of our people. For the quarter, our investment in sales force expansion and R&D saw increases for these expenses of 34% and 37% respectively above the prior year. Without giving away too much proprietary data, our sales force expansion activities are up 33% since the beginning of last year. Our R&D staff has grown 25% during the same period. Our silicone hydrogel family, Biofinity and Avaira, is driving growth. During the third quarter, this family achieved $92 million in revenues. That's a 47% increase in constant currency year-over-year against the third quarter of last year. Sales are now 31% of CooperVision's revenue. Aside from the voluntary limited recall of Avaira Toric, all of our silicone hydrogels are performing well, Biofinity Sphere, Biofinity Toric, Biofinity Multifocal as well as Avaira Sphere. Importantly, our silicone hydrogel revenues are just starting to reflect some of the impact of our launch into the $150 million silicone hydrogel multifocal market, which is about 50% of the total multifocal market as well as the $400 million Japanese silicone hydrogel market. Both launches happened mid in the third quarter. Geographically, our foreign exchange played a positive role on a global scale. Excluding foreign exchange effect, we had very respectable growth in each region. Americas was up 6% constant currency; EMEA was up 11%; Asia Pac 24%; and worldwide 11% growth. In constant currency, the regional drivers were: in the Americas, trading up silicone hydrogel lenses; and EMEA, growth in silicone hydrogel as well as solid growth of Toric; in Asia-Pac, growth related to the Aime acquisition done in the first quarter of this year as well as solid single-use particularly with Proclear 1 Day and while yet early in the game the Biofinity launch into Japan. The soft contact lens market is trending where we predicted in that 4% to 6% range. The second calendar quarter was 4% trailing 12 months is 5%. The market was up 4%, and CooperVision was up 9% in the calendar second quarter. Clearly, growing at two times the market in the second quarter was sponsored by our silicone hydrogel being up 47% versus the market growth for silicone hydrogel of 11%. We are gaining share and trading up. The market growth has seen 1 Day go up 8% constant currency, Toric up 8% and of course the silicone hydrogel growth of 11%. Recall the market remains a trade-up market. Trade-ups for silicone hydrogel are roughly 20% to 40%; and for 1 Day, the trade-up is roughly three to five times as much revenue per patient. Toric or specialty lenses are also supporting solid gains of 8% as these lenses are less penetrated in the markets outside the United States. A strong performance in the Americas reflects the fact that 1 Day lenses are catching on. They now reflect almost 18% of the region, which was only about 10% to 11% not too many years ago. CooperSurgical, our women's healthcare franchise, had another in a string of great quarters. With $53 million in revenue, it was up 14% and 12% excluding acquisitions. Drivers include surgical procedures, hospital and same-day surgery where revenue was up 29%. It now accounts for 39% of CooperSurgical's revenue. Fertility also turned in double-digit revenue growth up 12%. CooperSurgical continues to impress with a solid gross margin of 65% and operating margins of 24%. With multiple call point sales forces, a strong centralized campus in Trumbull, Connecticut and a $200 million annualized revenue franchise surrounding the OB/GYN professional, this business is very leverageable. On this note, this week we added a business in Colorado called Summit Doppler. Summit, a supplier to us, has revenues of around $8 million annualized. It makes both surgical and vascular ultrasound Doppler systems. In addition to a strong product portfolio, Summit brings us strong electrical engineering expertise that can be used to upgrade several of our older products. We paid $16 million and expect the deal to be neutral to earnings in year number one and accretive thereafter. Guidance. Given the strength of our third quarter selling, we again increased all but our GAAP earnings per share. Our revised revenue guidance is now $1.320 billion to $1.335 billion, increasing our bottom-end of the guidance by $40 million from our second quarter earnings call guidance that we'd given. For the fiscal year, revenue has been increased at CooperVision to $1.117 billion to $1.127 billion. The guidance takes into account the impact of our recent voluntary limited recall. For surgical, revenues for the fiscal year were raised by $3 million to a range of $203 million to $208 million. Reflecting another solid earnings quarter, our non-GAAP earnings per share guidance for the year has again been increased now to the range of $4.20 to $4.25. Given we started the fiscal year with guidance of $3.30 to $3.50, you can imagine how good we're all feeling about the progress we've made this year. Our GAAP earnings per share guidance reflects the voluntary limited recall and reversal of an accounting acquisition gain reported in the first quarter and is now $3.57 to $3.72. After delivering over $68 million in free cash flow in the third quarter, we again increased our guidance here for the fiscal year to a new range of $200 to $220 million of free cash flow. Our improvement this year starts at the topline. Delivering topline growth was made easier by great products, great employees and building out our capacity. Our recent entry in the third quarter into the $150 million silicone hydrogel multifocal market and the $400 million in Japanese silicone hydrogel market is keeping our momentum going, and in both cases we've only just begun. Looking beyond 2011, we expect to continue to gain share in soft contact lenses and to start leveraging some of our recent investments in the sales force expansion and R&D towards the back half of 2012. The bottomline we expect to increase our earnings per share at low double-digit rates in fiscal year 2012. Strategy we have continues unabated. We believe that it's a solid strategy and it has delivered solid results. CooperSurgical is putting up outstanding results and is leveraging operating ratios. This franchise was built with a solid understanding of the value of critical mass in our women's healthcare market targeting OB/GYN. We follow the professional wherever they go, the office, surgicenter and hospital or IVF centers. Although the call points are different for each, the leverage is considerable. CooperSurgical third quarter gross profit was 65%, operating margins 24%. And due to minimal CapEx requirements, CooperSurgical is a significant contributor to free cash flow. We are dedicated to the strategy and we will continue tuck-in acquisitions to leverage CooperSurgical structure. At CooperVision, the strategy is more complex and is much more global in nature. The $6.7 billion soft contact lens industry, because of the uniqueness of our manufacturing platform and product portfolio, we are the only participant that follows the complex strategy which means we are the only company that can promote silicone hydrogel and non-silicone hydrogel lenses, in this case the Proclear family. We emphasize branded as well as non-branded products. But private label does not mean lower price. We actively promote and specialize in custom lenses with a high gross margin of course. We support all modalities that the eye care professional prescribes one day, two weeks as well as monthly lens. And we support all types of lenses, Spheres, Torics and multifocals. We are close to 30% share in the specialty contact lenses, Torics and multifocal. It is acknowledged that we are pretty good at specialty lenses. A few would challenge why the success of Biofinity Toric for astigmatism. Put a great design together with a great material and great things can happen. We have very high expectations for the same reason that Biofinity Multifocal, which hit the market mid-quarter, will also be a success. Here, early results are meeting expectations. On the capacity front, with the exception of the Avaira Toric, things are ahead of plans to deliver considerably more products where we've been supply-constrained. Biofinity family, Proclear 1 Day, 1 Day Torics are all ramping up nicely. So we're no longer supply-constrained in this area. On pricing, like soft contact lens industry, we have a trade-up strategy. Our new wearers and existing wearers are targeted for silicone hydrogel lenses, the Proclear family, and the 1 Day or single-use lenses, each creates more revenue per wearer. A one-day modality, for example results in three to five times more revenue per wearer. While this strategy sacrifices the gross profit margin percent, it generally creates two to four times profit per wearer. Of course this strategy also competes head-on with the lens care space that is since we are shifting the wearer's cost from lens care to contact lenses. In my opinion, we also continue to be the most focused company in the industry, lacking many of the distraction that some of our competitor are now going through. I might add with Biofinity, Avaira and Proclear, we have a lot to talk about with the eye care professionals around the world. And so in summary, before I turn it over to Gene, third quarter 2011 continued our strong string of pleasant surprises. We again delivered on the topline gross profit percent, OI percent, non-GAAP per share, free cash flow, and on deleveraging as well as value enhancing projects like capacity expansion. Our silicone hydrogel family of products are doing great, up 47% in constant currency during the quarter. Our rollouts into the $150 million silicone hydrogel market, and the $400 million Japanese silicone hydrogel market and are still early are meeting expectations. Our CooperSurgical tuck-in strategy has consistently delivered over the period of five years and achieved solid growth for 10-plus years with over 30 acquisitions and integrations under its belt. Few would question and CooperSurgical achieved its synergies post acquisition. Our non-GAAP earnings per share results of $1.15 were up an impressive 26% versus a solid third quarter 2010. We paid down over $100 million of debt just during the third quarter alone, bringing our debt to cap to below 20%. We now have cap debt more than half over the last two-and-a-half years. As always, we remind you, our people are our number one asset. They delivered our mission. It's healthy and productive. We owe them yet another tremendous thank you, for all that the great accomplishment they've had hence and also loyalty to Cooper. And with that, I'll turn it over to Gene, who will impress you with some of his numbers.
Gene Midlock: Thank you Bob, good afternoon everyone, thanks for joining us again. As Bob indicated, I will provide a brief review of the financial statement highlights. Bob covered revenue aspects pretty well, so I will start with gross margin. Consolidated GAAP gross margin was 58% compared to 60% in Q3 last year. Non-GAAP gross margin was 62% same as Q3 last year. The main difference was attributable to the voluntary Avaira Toric limited recall, without the recall gross margin would have been 62%. CooperVision reported a GAAP gross margin of 56% versus 58% in Q3 last year. On a non-GAAP basis gross margin was 61% the same as last year. Again, the difference is generally attributable to the inventory recall previously mentioned and the Norfolk restructuring cost in the prior year. CooperSurgical had GAAP and non-GAAP gross profit margin at 65% was slightly lower than the 66% last year in Q3. This year-over-year decrease was a result of the one-time favorable settlement with a vendor last year, offset by manufacturing efficiencies and favorable product mix, including higher margin products use and surgical procedures. Turning to SG&A, in Q3 GAAP and non-GAAP selling distribution customer service and marketing expenses increased by 23% from Q3 last year, and they were 28% of revenue the same as last year. This was generally attributable to the increased investment in our sales force as mentioned to you in prior quarters. GAAP G&A expenses increased by 12% and non-GAAP by 13% from the prior year, and with 10% of revenue the same as last year. Again, this increase was basically attributable for the acquisitions that we've made during the year which of course brings more general administrative expenses. In Q3, R&D increased by 37% from Q3 last year to approximately $12 million and were 3% of revenue the same as last year. This increase was attributable to additional staffing and cost associated with increased clinical trials for a variety of new projects. As we mentioned in the press release, in Q1 we reported a $6.1 million gain from the settlement of a preexisting unfavorable contractual relationship in connection with the purchase of certain assets of Aime. This gain was excluded from our Q1 non-GAAP results. Subsequently, we determined an overhead we made in the interpretation of technical accounting literature pertaining to business combinations. No gain or loss should have been recorded as a result of settlement of the preexisting relationship. Accordingly we had reversed again in Q3 in an offsetting adjustment to goodwill. Similar to the treatment of this item in Q1 resulting charge is excluded from our Q3 non-GAAP results. For the full year, this item will not have an impact to the P&L. As a result of the various items I mentioned operating margin on a GAAP basis for Q3 was 13% of revenue, a decrease from 17% in Q3 last year. And on non-GAAP basis, operating margin was 19% of revenue, slightly down from 20% in Q3 last year. CooperVision had operating margin of 14% on a GAAP basis, down from 19% last year and 21% on a non-GAAP basis, a slight decrease from 22% in Q3 last year. CooperSurgicals GAAP operating margin was 24%, down from 25% last year and the non-GAAP operating margin was 24%, slightly up from 26% last year. Interest expense decreased by 63% to $3.2 million from Q3 last year and is a result of reduced borrowings and lower interest rates. On a GAAP basis in Q3, the effective tax rate was 11.4% versus 9% last year. On a non-GAAP basis, the Q3 effective tax rate was 11.2% versus 16.2% last year. And non-GAAP tax rate increased from last year largely because shift in the income to lower tax jurisdictions, as well as the increase in tax rate for certain non-U.S. jurisdictions like the U.K., which dropped its corporate rates from 28% to 26%. For the full year we expect the effective tax rate to still be in the 10% to 12% range, consistent with our previously provided estimate. Depreciation was $19.9 million in Q3 including $477,000 of accelerated depreciation and amortization was $5.5 million for a total of $25.4 million non-cash expense. In Q3, earnings per share, as Bob mentioned was $0.78 on a GAAP basis and $1.15 on a non-GAAP basis. As you all know, the earnings release the main difference is attributable to cost associated with the elimination of the gain on the Aime acquisition in the voluntary inventory recall. Turning to the balance sheet, Q3 we have $87 million of operating cash flow and $19 million of CapEx that resulted in $68 million of free cash flow. Total debt was reduced by $108 million to $445 million. And debt as a percentage of capitalization, as Bob mentioned is now 19%, down from 29% in Q3 last year. At quarter-end the ratio of funded debt to EBITDA was 1.26, a decrease from 1.61 in Q2 this year. Inventories decreased by $6 million from last quarter, largely attributable to the recall with 4.9 months on hand down from 5.9 months on hand in Q3 last year. Without the recall, months on hand would have been 5.7. Accounts receivable were also closely monitored with DSOs at 55 days, down from 57 days in Q3 last year. With that I will turn the program back over for the question-and-answer period.
Kim Duncan: Operator we're ready to take some calls.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And the first question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch with BMO Capital Markets.
Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets: It's obvious you're gaining market share who do you think you're taking share from and do you think it's sustainable?
Bob Weiss: Joanne, I think the way I see it is, historic company that's given up market share in the last couple of years and it has been primarily Bausch & Lomb. There have been periods of time when Johnson & Johnson or Vistakon has given up some share. And then there have been periods where they've gained it back likewise with Ciba Vision, which is going through some integration activities right now. And that's a big share gains are at the expense of Bausch & Lomb. Do we think it's sustainable? I think, given the products that we have just rolled out around the world a lot which were really early in the cycle. And particularly, when I talk about the entry into the $150 million Multifocal market for silicone hydrogel as well as in the $400 million Japanese market, I think we have enough fresh products in the marketplace to continue to gain share going forward.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Lawrence Keusch with Morgan Keegan.
Konstantin Tcherepachenets - Morgan Keegan: This is actually Konstantin for Larry. So I was wondering if you guys can elaborate on your strategy in entering silicone hydrogel market in Japan, just given if you're no longer capacity constrained. And I'll put just another question in terms of, if you could comment on as you start to think about 2012, what is the sound of priorities and strategic things that you guys are working on?
Bob Weiss: As far as entering Japan, now that we're no longer capacity constraint. You may remember, I said we came into this year capable of supporting $200 million product line for Biofinity, entire family. And we would exit this year capable of supporting $400 million. We've now already arrived half that level where we can support a $400 million run rate. So in that sense it really gets down to the mechanics of getting all out the door in the local countries that we're talking about. So there is obliviously a lot of logistics there. But when it comes to in Japan we are two-tiering that. We have both the CBJ, which is our legal entity that we have in place of CooperVision Japan that has been marketing. And there is a large business in Japan and has number two market share in the one-day space, which we've basically been fairly aggressive on in the last three, four, five years. The other thing you may recall, we've bought Aime at the beginning of the year. They had strengthened channels out to the eye care professional whereas our strength in CooperVision Japan was larger chains and a little different than the U.S. model, or exactly the opposite of the U.S. model in some respect. But we now have the capability to go in both directions, the eye care professional as well as the chains, and that's a direction we're taking both organizations, which are at this juncture not fully integrated, and the sales activity are promoting the product. And as I indicated it's so far so good as we go. As far as our strategy for 2012, it's really going to be to continue that execution in rolling out those products. We were also doing a very effective job with Proclear 1 Day, particularly in the Japanese market. So there is a lot of activity going on there now. But I would say, since we are so early in rolling out those products, 2012 will continue that path. One of this year's strategy was to continue to ramp-up the sales force, feet on the street. We have the product portfolio in play now between Biofinity, Avaira and Proclear, and we knew we were hugely headcounted out in the marketplace. And so we're not saying we need to have a sales force as big as some of our competitors. We are staying very under index in a lot of parts of this country as well as the rest of world. And that's where a lot of our attention has gone. You see by virtue of the fact of the large increase in operating cost and particularly I mentioned the large increase in the sales force activity, which is up 34% during the quarter, and our headcount in the areas of sales force is up 33% since the beginning of last year, we expected to get a lot more mileage out of the feet on the street throughout the planet. So I think that would describe a lot of what we were going to be doing next year. I've also mentioned historically, geographic expansion that we've been aggressive in Eastern Europe and some of our expansion plans in the Czech Republic, Slovakia as well as Poland that will continue. And we now have a small beachhead in Mexico, where we did not have any direct presence. And of course, as I've mentioned in the past, we're spending this year analyzing China with the intent to figure out the best way forward in China. And just to comment briefly on that. The expectation in China, while we haven't finalized the thought process, I would expect it not to be totally different than what we did in Japan. And in Japan you may recall, we had what was known as spoke strategy, where we did several different things and went down multiple paths at once. I would say, China is probably not a one size, fits all. And so we will probably do multiple things, not singular things.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Chris Cooley with Stephens Incorporatedorporated.
Chris Cooley - Stephens Incorporatedorporated: Bob, could you help us think a little bit about how we should think about CooperSurgical going forward? The franchise continues to deliver very solid growth, robust operating margins. How can you really start to leverage that franchise such that it contributes more than slightly over the double-digit range there to operating profit?
Bob Weiss: Well, we're excited about what we've put together in CooperSurgical. And as you can see by the comments I made, we just had another acquisition that we will continue to sell-in and round out that franchise, both adds to new products in the U.S. But I think importantly we're at a juncture now, where we're going to be testing the rest of the world a little bit more aggressively. We've started this year in several European markets, very limited, but just testing the water in parallel with our local distributors that we use in those countries. We will continue to do that. We will continue to look at aggressively at acquisitions. In the past we've made more than 30 acquisitions. They will be both small, medium, and you never know if they can be even large. There are things in all levels and we frequently have talked about three sizes of acquisitions that we keep in our radar. As far as other things, they obviously have done a very nice job with their existing portfolio, hitting basically solid growth this quarter double-digit growth. There are a number of products they have that they're doing very well with, turning them into small products moving into the mid-sized products. Of course, at this juncture we don't have any one big product that we spend a lot of time talking about. But once again I'll say that franchise is very leveragable and we will continue to leverage it.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert W. Baird.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: Bob, let me ask, I guess, one clarifying question and then I'll get to my officially allocated question I guess. The clarification, number one, just as you talked about SG&A and obviously some impressive adds on both the R&D side and on the sales force side here over the past 12 to 18 months. In the past you've talked about fiscal '12 being the year to kind of leverage those costs. And I think you alluded to it in your answer, a couple questions ago. But is it still fair to think about '12 being a leverage year on both of those line items? And then the official question, I guess just, you eluded to several times in your prepared remarks about Biofinity Multifocal and your entry into Japan being very early stages. Often times in the early stages of a product launch, you get some channel fill, you get some benefits there, but it doesn't sound like you're necessarily saying you saw those this quarter. So is it fair to think about those kinds of activities, plus just the build of those products really having still some real nice growth tailwinds over the next couple of quarters?
Bob Weiss: I'll take your last question first. On Biofinity multifocal as well as in Japan, suffice it to say pipeline was at minimal impact on this quarter. We've launched really for all practical purposes at the end of June in Japan. And we're very early in that cycle. And the Multifocal is kind of a like toric in the sense of you got to get the fitting sets out there and ramp-up accordingly following the fitting sets. So we're once again very early in a rollout strategy there. I would say the impact on the third quarter is really very minimal. We'll start seeing that impact fourth quarter going forward. As far as leverage, R&D and the sales force expansion, I would expect that next year we will leverage overall SG&A in total. We will continue to invest and grow R&D faster than topline as we are doing this year. And on the sales force, there was a fair amount of ramping in the third quarter. So look for that start to show up year-over-year, basically in the third quarter next year. But we've put in the infrastructure, you'll see a high growth in both the first and second growth on a year-over-year basis, just annualizing if you will what we've recently done. Our expectation is you will start seeing better ratio from operating perspective probably in the back half of next year. And when it comes to the bottomline operating income and net income, we still expect to improve our operating margin year-over-year. I said approaching 1%, probably be a little some 1% next year.
Operator: And the next comes from line of Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research: I was wondering if you could talk about gross margins in the quarter. Just wondering what the impact from currency was and possibly negatively impacting gross margin? And really, why we didn't see more gross margin expansion show up sequentially?
Bob Weiss: I'll chip on it and then I'll let Gene add anything he would like. Drivers on the sequential performance of gross margin, think of two primary areas. There is a lot of detail and if you put it altogether it's kind of scrambled egg. But what jumps out quite a bit is we grew our Proclear 1 Day business 43%. And that's the good news that Proclear 1 Day is doing fabulously well in the marketplace. The bad news is some of that was trading our existing 1 Day business, some of which had a higher margin for a lower gross margin. Proclear 1 Day is going through what I would say a ramp-up learning curve. So very much like some of other family's, Biofinity, when we ramped that up, Avaira as we ramped that up, you start off at lower gross margins expecting to reduce cost, and that shows up on a lag basis. We're in that modality, if you will, with Proclear 1 Day wear. We know cost have come down and those cost coming down had yet to get to the P&L, they get there on a six-month lag basis. And we're happy with some of the reductions. But the overall mix heavily on 1 Day is weights our gross margin trends somewhat. The other thing is 50% of our costs are in pound. And as you know, pound is up from the dollar. So there is some of lag factor of the pound coming into the P&L, weighting it a bit. Aside from that I think there is just a whole host of little things, a bunch of little thing. I'm not sure any one of them is worth a lot of airtime. Gene, I don't know if you want add anything to that.
Gene Midlock: No. I agree. I mean things like fuel prices have gone up, so your freight cost increasing so forth. And there is nothing significant like we had had in prior years, a significant period cost. It's just a whole host for smaller things.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo: Just to clarify, Bob, did you say you expect the operating margin to improve by 1% in 2012? And then, I have my official question.
Bob Weiss: Okay, I said sub 1, meaning the first half of next year we will get a minimal leverage back half of next year. I think we're still in that range, where this year we're I think 18% to 19% and expect next year will uptick I'd say between 0.5 point and max 1 point.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo: I guess then I'll use my official question on this. Why wouldn't we see more leverage, given I think you probably get 100 basis points from Norfolk for the gross margin. And then you talked about leveraging SG&A a little bit. So I guess it is a little bit surprising to see less than 1% operating margin improvement next year?
Bob Weiss: Yes, Larry, I would expect that. If we use the 100 basis points for a moment. This year we're going to have half of that show up, so you're getting the second half next year on the gross margin side. On the operating margin side it's going to pick up more in the back half, because we still are in an investment mode. Our operating cost this quarter were 43% of revenue overall. And therefore, those people we have hired, we're seeing stronger sales uptick. Obviously, growing 20% albeit half of that is currently 11% in constant currency is solid growth. So if we're getting bang for the buck, we will continue to invest. We will invest likewise in geographic expansion and expect some of that built into next year. I would not call next year try to see how much we can make on the operating income line or bottomline approach we will. We continue to see opportunities out there, given the product portfolio we have. We're going to push those products and see how good they are, specifically now that we have added capacity in several of the areas I mentioned, the Biofinity family as well the Avaira Sphere as well as the Proclear 1 Day. We have the capacity, why not push the limit. So we are not hung up to see how much we can improve the ratio of operating income as a percentage of sales. But to answer your question, about half and half, half cost of goods, half operating cost is how you fill out the mosaic of the 1% improvement.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line Matthew O'Brien with William Blair.
Matthew O'Brien - William Blair: Just on the R&D side of things, it's a pretty material increase in terms of how much you're spending there. Are you primarily focused on areas that you're already in within the contact lens market or women's health area, or are you looking in other areas of ophthalmology? And then another question for you on the sales and marketing side of things. With the big ramp in terms of number of reps, how long does it typically take a rep to get up to kind of the average rate in terms of revenue per rep?
Bob Weiss: The first question on where is the R&D going, the focus is not outside of women's healthcare or soft contact lenses. So we're keeping it core and strategic. There is things that are being done with comfort agents that one could say is there a pharmaceutical piece of that that the industry always focuses on and things to improve comfort. I would call that strategic soft contact lens as opposed to we're going to turn on soft contact lens into a drug delivery device for glaucoma or some new area. We are not putting our money there at this juncture. As far as productivity of the reps, typically if you're getting someone new to the trade, new into the industry where they are getting new accounts and they are getting a new product line, that's a six-month process. If you hire someone out of industry and you find them in the same region, they're productive day one pretty much. So the range goes from day one to six with probably closer to the midpoint is the right answer.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research: Just had a follow-up question and I'm not sure if you guys have already mentioned this. I was wondering if you could let us know how much revenue Aime did in the quarter so we can calculate internal growth.
Gene Midlock: $8 million of this is the GAAP number.
Bob Weiss: Excluding Aime, organic growth was around 16% as reported and 8% in constant currency for CVI, Steve.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research: So 8% constant currency organic growth for Vision, excluding currency and excluding Aime.
Operator:  And the next question comes from the line of Amit Bhalla for Citigroup.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Adam in for Amit. I just wanted to know if you had anything new on the dailies markets? Especially for patients in Japan, are you seeing any impact from the J&J recalls?
Bob Weiss: The J&J recall in Japan obviously created an opportunity, and I would say that's one of the reasons Proclear 1 Day worldwide is up 43%. The impact of silicone hydrogels in the 1 Day space, I would say the jury is still out. When I look at what's known as health products research data, quite frankly the new fit actually declined sequentially. So it isn't like it's suddenly up, up in the way at this juncture. There is a lot of muscle being put behind the one-day modality in U.S and worldwide. That modality continues actually to grow worldwide, and a lot of that is sponsored by the movement in the U.S. As I mentioned, we're now up to about 18% in the America for one-day modality. That's broad-based. It's moistened everything in that part as opposed to being driven by the silicone hydrogel share market. The problem is silicone hydrogel share market has, at least short term and probably for the indefinite future, is the cost structure to the consumer. The consumers, unless they have a big budget and don't really have a budget, is cost conscious and this gets priced off the chart. So I think that's going to be the largest part of limitation for the foreseeable future.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Kim Gailun with JPMorgan.
Kim Gailun - JPMorgan: I wanted to just follow up on this 2012 outlook discussion. Just curious what type of topline growth you think you will need in order to get yourself to that low double digits on the bottomline given the operating margin discussion that we've walked through here. I guess part of the question in there is, is wear silicone hydrogel can go for Cooper as a percentage of sales. It seems like favorable mix shift there should have run room to run in fiscal 2012.
Bob Weiss: As far as topline growth, we of course haven't given guidance to that level of detail. But I would say we continue to expect the market to grow in that 4% to 6% range, maybe start moving up a little if we ever move out of a soft economy around the world. But for now, I think that 4% to 6% is good guidance. We would continue to expect to gain share, particularly with our portfolio. You're right on that that we have a lot of products that are all about trading up, in some cases our own customer and in some cases given the quality of those products gaining share. We think we will continue to gain wearer's share out there. So you put the two together and a solid growth in 1 Day, a solid growth in silicone hydrogels. I think our ultimate portfolio in terms of mix between silicone hydrogel and non-silicone hydrogel will be weighted more towards hydrogels than the overall market. And I'd say that, because we are actively promoting Proclear material, and that of course is a material that represents I think 27% to 28% of our total sales. So as long as, unlike our competitors which don't really have a Proclear that they are putting a lot of emphasize behind, we're less picky about where the doctor ends up. Having said that, Biofinity and Avaira both cover the monthly space in the case of Biofinity and do it very effectively and Avaira in the two-week space. We like 1 Day, because 1 Day obviously is the biggest trade-up you can get at three to five times revenue. We expect to grow faster than the market. We think the market will do reasonably well. And if we accomplish that and it's leverageable, we would expect double-digit earnings per share growth.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch with BMO Capital Markets.
Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets: Given your cash flow generation, at a certain stage you're going to face a high-class problem of what to do regarding use of cash. Do you have a target debt to cap in mind and have you thought about other uses of cash other than simply paying down debt and buying women's health companies?
Bob Weiss: We don't have an absolute target of debt-to-cap in mind. I start getting embarrassed sub-20. We're now sub-20 debt-to-cap. We are not limiting the scope of what we're looking for to women's healthcare. So geographic expansion has always been on our minds in soft contact lenses. Geographic expansion is on our mind in women's healthcare. But we're not necessarily limiting ourselves just to women's healthcare. So it's way too early. It's $445 million of debt for me to worry about running out of ideas. We'll continue to pay down debt in the interim, but don't look for us to go quiet on the acquisition front on a sustained basis anyway.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Amit Bhalla with Citigroup.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup: I just wanted to clarify again what your gross margin targets are for next quarter. I know before you said you were targeting around 62%. I wanted to know if that was accurate and then get any idea on 2012 what the gross margin would like.
Bob Weiss: I think we've guided that the back half will be in the 61% to 62% range. I don't see any reason to come off of that. Hopefully we'll be closer to 62% and 61%, but that's where I think the range will come out next year. That should be moving up about 50 basis points is the target. So probably 61.5% to 62.5% would probably be the right range to think of next year. But we'll see how Japan plays that really.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Chris Cooley with Stephens Incorporated.
Chris Cooley - Stephens Incorporated: I was curious on two points. One, if you could maybe quantify for us when we think about the fiscal Q4 how much that increase in guidance was actually dated by the recall here. I mean obviously you have to replenish existing field inventory first and then go back out before you can expand into new accounts. Just trying to get a feel for maybe where that number could have been had you not had the recall. And then as another quick follow-up, if I can slide it in, you were taking share and getting a little bit of price at CooperSurgical on the office side during the first half of the fiscal year. Are you still seeing those same trends persisting out here in the back half?
Bob Weiss: First on the impact of the recall going forward, it's much more about replenishing inventory and trial sets than it is about what it's done in the market. So from a revenue perspective, not a big deal. It is costing us the cash of replacing that inventory and it's certainly not full $14 million, but a portion of that that represents cash out the door. And that's built into our guidance. So I would say the impact is going forward. It's built into our guidance and it's not a material event. Relative to CooperSurgical and are they gaining share in the office space, they continue to gain shares there in a market that's pretty flat. So that growth in that market is representative of primarily continuing to gain share. The hospital market, the fertility market on the other hand, it's a different story where we're doing very handily, very nicely with those. And the space in the case of fertility, it's a great space to be going.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo: Bob, maybe you could expand upon the acquisition strategy given what you said a minute ago. I mean has anything changed regarding doing non-dilutive tuck-in acquisitions? And just maybe you can clarify where you are on a daily disposable silicone hydrogel. Are you guys planning to launch one?
Bob Weiss: Our acquisition strategy really has not changed and will not change, other than I mentioned that we will do small, mid, large. But relative to we would take solutions. And in some cases, in the first 12 months, most of the tuck-ins are accretive by the end of 12 months. Relative to the daily disposable silicone hydrogel market, we are sitting on the fence, so to speak, watching the market and we are prepared to go within 12 to 24 months I think is what I said on the last call. And obviously we are taking activity that moves that forward three months. So arguably nine months to a year and three quarters. I'm not overly impressed with that market at this point in time, but it's probably one where we should participate ultimately anyway. So you'll probably find it's in it for the next couple of years.
Kim Duncan: I think we're at the top of the hour. So we'll close it here.
Bob Weiss: I want to thank everyone for joining us on the call and hopefully you're as excited about the results as we are. And with that, we look forward to getting you another update in the fourth quarter in December. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2009-12-08 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Kim Duncan  Director of Investor Relations Robert S. Weiss  President and Chief Executive Officer Eugene Midlock  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Albert White, III  Vice President Investor Relations and Treasurer
Analysts: Michael Weinstein Jeff Johnson Larry Biegelsen Steve Willoughby Larry Keusch Chris Cooley [Josh Jennings] for Peter Bye Amit Bhalla 
Operator:  Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Cooper Companies fourth quarter and full year 2009 earnings conference call. My name is [Chris] and Ill be your operator for today. (Operator Instructions)  I would now like to hand the call over to our host for today, Miss Kim Duncan. Please proceed.
Kim Duncan:  Good afternoon and welcome to the Cooper Companies fourth quarter and full year 2009 earnings conference call. Im Kim Duncan, Director of Investor Relations, and joining me on todays call are Bob Weiss, President and Chief Executive Officer; Gene Midlock, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Al White, Vice President Investor Relations and Treasurer. Before we get started, Id like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market conditions and manufacturing restructuring plans. Forward-looking statements necessarily depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward Looking Statements in todays earnings release, and are described in our SEC filings including the business section of Coopers annual report on Form 10-K. These are publicly available and are on request from the companys Investor Relations department. Now, before I turn the call over to Bob Weiss, let me comment on the agenda for the call. Bob will begin by providing some highlights on the quarter and fiscal year and then get into some specific details including new products, the market, our strategy and guidance. Following Bobs remarks, Gene Midlock will comment on the fourth quarter and full year financial results and provide some additional guidance. We will then open up the call for questions.  We will keep the formal presentation to roughly 30 minutes of prepared remarks, followed by 30 minutes of Q&A, so the call will last a total of one hour. We request that anyone asking questions please limit yourself to only one question so we may get to as many callers as possible. Should you have any additional questions following the call, please call our Investor line at 925-460-3663. Thats 925-460-3663, and well get back to you as soon as possible. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and a copy of the press release is available on our website at coopercos.com under Investor Relations.  And with that Ill turn the call over to Bob for his opening remarks.
Robert S. Weiss:  Thank you, Kim, and good afternoon, good evening everyone. Q4 highlights, obviously we finished fiscal year 2009 very solid. We had a solid quarter and a solid fiscal year. For the quarter, we generated $58.5 million of free cash flow, we de-levered to 34% debt to total capitalization, we delivered $283 million of revenue, up 6%, 4% in constant currency. Our earnings per share was $0.66 GAAP and $0.67 non-GAAP. This brought our fiscal year 2009 results to a record $1.080 billion in revenue, up 3%, 4% in constant currency, with GAAP earnings per share to $2.21 and non-GAAP which excludes the plant shutdown projects to $2.29. And yes, this was done with accruing bonuses in the fourth quarter of approximately $0.08 per share. In the middle of delivering the solid earnings we generated $129 million of free cash flow, allowing us to de-leverage our balance sheet from debt to cap that began the year at 39% and finished below 34%. The end result is this was a great year at Cooper in what was not the best economy. The key takeaways for the year, yes, we had a solid quarter and a solid fiscal year; we delivered on our objective to gain share in the $6 billion soft contact lens industry; we delivered on our objective to transition to a cash generator from a cash consumer; we delivered on our objective to execute new product rollouts; likewise we delivered on our objective to set the stage for sustained growth going forward, and also to demonstrate that Cooper search goal is a franchise worth investing in. Our new products are driving our growth, our emerging silicone hydrogel portfolio is delivering for the quarter. We had $40 million in silicone hydrogel revenue, up 117% versus the prior year and this brings its run rate to $160 million. For the fiscal year our silicone hydrogel sales exceeded $112 million, more than 2X the prior year. While our silicone hydrogel was doing well, our Proclear family of products put up some solid numbers at $70 million in the quarter, up 14%, and $258 million for the fiscal year, up 15% in constant currency. Geographically our plan to grow more rapidly in Asia Pac is on track for the quarter. In constant currency Asia Pac was up 4% compared to an industry that was down 1%. Europe was up 9%, Americas was up 3% and worldwide we were up 5% in constant currency. The market continues to prove that it is recession resistant. At the beginning of the year we predicted 0 to 4% constant currency growth, calendar year third quarter was up 4% bringing the nine months year-to-date to 3%. Highlights reflected, our one day worldwide was up 1% constant currency, multi-focals were up 20%, torics up 6%, silicone hydrogels up 21%. Regionally the Americas were up 6%, Europe 9%, and as I mentioned Asia Pac was down 1%. Cooper Vision is gaining share, growing 1  times the market. We grew 4.6% for the first nine months compared to 3.1% for the market. A little bit about CapEx and free cash flow. A lot of attention was placed on our capitalization at the beginning of the fiscal year following the financial crisis events of September, 2008. Given our leverage at the time, we responded to the new world; the result was we delivered $129 million of free cash flow versus $50 million that was our initial estimate. We de-leveraged from 39% debt to total capitalization to under 34%. Today, due largely to a tremendous improvement in efficiency, we are running our plants at the low 60% capacity utilization. We were manufacturing, selling more lenses with 15% less manufacturing headcount at the end of the fiscal year. Following Norfolk shutdown completion, we will have cut our manufacturing headcount close to 30% and still be manufacturing more lenses. Efficiency has translated to a huge improvement in free cash flow, CapEx has gone down due to efficiency, headcount has gone down due to efficiency. This will translate to improving gross margins, operating margins and earnings per share as we complete the shutdown in 2010. We anticipate our CapEx requirements will stay below $100 million for the next three to five years. We therefore believe were still on track to deliver our strategic goal of $1.3 billion in operating cash flow and $800 million of free cash flow over a five year planning period, ending 2013.  CooperSurgical, our womens healthcare franchise, while womens healthcare particularly office visits is not as recessionary resistant as contact lenses, we delivered solid results by continuing to take share. There is no doubt that women delay some of their tests and procedures during tough times and by some accounts visits were down as much as double digits this year with the OB-GYNs. CooperSurgical finished 2009 delivering 2% growth, a 60% gross margin and a 23% operating margin. With solid results, low capital requirements, low days sales outstanding given its principally a U.S. business and a low month on hand due to the fact that many products are shipped off of a backlog, CooperSurgical as a result delivers a lot of cash. Our strategy of following the OB-GYN out of the office, into the IDF centers, the outpatient centers and hospital settings has been a resounding success. In fiscal year 2009 our sales grew 10% in the hospital products and now account for over one-third of our womens healthcare franchise. A little bit about strategy and guidance. We now have given our 2010 guidance. Our guidance expects the market for soft contact lens to exhibit modest growth in 2010. We expect to continue to gain share by de-leveraging our branded product families of silicone hydrogel and Proclear materials. We will continue to expand our Biofinity brand by launching a Biofinity multi-focal in 2010. This will give this great or best in class monthly modality silicone hydrogel the halo effect were seeing from our launch of the Biofinity toric in 2009, which saw its sales exceed its initial estimates of $8 million by more than 50%. In 2010 we will also expand the Avaira brand, our two week modality silicone hydrogel product, by adding a toric. The two week space is primarily a U.S. and to a lesser extent a Japanese phenomena, and one not exhibiting growth in the United States. It remains, however, by far the biggest category in the U.S. accounting for more than 60% of the market. We expect adding a toric followed by a multi-focal will have a halo effect on this brand. For the Proclear family, which now accounts for 29% of our overall CooperVision revenue, we will continue to emphasize its use as a best in class, non-silicone hydrogel product which is rapidly taking share in the non-silicone hydrogel part of the market, which today still accounts for more than 65% of the $6 billion soft contact lens market worldwide. Our strategy is to leverage the branded family of products and related private labels to target each modality, one day, two week and monthly; in each wear category, sphere, toric and multi-focal; within each geographic territory, Asia Pac, Europe and Americas; and have a best in class, non-silicone hydrogel that targets the 65% but declining non-silicone hydrogel market. Thats Proclear. With the strength of our Biofinity, Avaira and Proclear brands, we expect to gain share in 2010. We expect the global soft contact lens market to grow 3% to 5% in constant currency and for CooperVision to grow 4% to 6% in constant currency. Given this, we are targeting revenue at the Cooper Companies of $1.1 billion to $1.160 billion or 2% to 7%, with currency having an impact of about 2% plus or minus. Our earnings per share guidance calls for improving gross margin percentage as well as investing in sales and R&D. We expect a range of non-GAAP earnings of $2.45 to $2.55.  Our guidance for free cash flow is $120 million to $140 million, which reflects about $10 million of cash to be used in 2010 for Norfolk shutdown, which will reduce headcount by another 570 people. Our strategic initiatives, Ive mentioned our strategy to round out branded portfolio, Biofinity, Avaira and Proclear. We will also stay focused on lowering our cost of goods sold and improving gross margins to our targeted 60% objective through such steps as better leveraging of our increasingly efficient, high volume plants in the UK and Puerto Rico. Today we are still only in the low 60s in terms of capacity utilization. I expect we will achieve the low 70s by the early part of 2011, with the mid-80s being optimal efficiency. Revenue growth, improving gross margin percentages, lower CapEx requirements will lead to sustained free cash flow. As I mentioned, in 2010 we will continue to de-leverage our capital structure. We will also re-deploy some free cash flow to expand our womens healthcare franchise, where in many product categories we are a solid number one globally.  Having a unique U.S. business model makes us a low risk strategy. Having a recession means many properties are available that otherwise might be too pricey in a robust economy.  In summary, before I turn it over to Gene, we delivered a solid Q4 and fiscal year 2009, solid revenue growth, improving gross profits, gross margin percentages, a solid bottom line and superb free cash flow. Our silicone hydrogel families of products are performing above expectation and beat our guidance of $100 million in 2009 by more than 12%. Biofinity toric was targeted at $8 million. It has exceeded its objective by more than 50%. We made good progress in gross profits in the fourth quarter and importantly the Norfolk integration is on track for completion in 2010. This will allow us to step up plant utilization to the upper 60s, thereby reducing headcount, improving free cash flow and improving our gross profits towards our 60% targeted level as we enter 2011. The market for silicone soft contact lenses repeated history as it demonstrated yet again it is recession resistant. With the expanding portfolio of our core branded product families, we are optimistic we will continue to gain market share in this great marketplace called soft contact lenses, a $6 billion marketplace.  Our womens healthcare franchise is unique. We will direct some of our 2010 free cash flow and leverage its uniqueness by closing two to three acquisitions in a marketplace where once pricey deals are now reasonably valued. With that, Ill turn it over to Gene.
Eugene Midlock:  Thank you, Bob. Good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining our Q4 earnings call. Id like to start with a few aspects of the balance sheet as I have been doing for the last several quarters. As Bob indicated, in Q4 we generated $78.5 million of operating cash flow and had capital expenditures of $20 million, which resulted in $58.5 million of free cash flow. This was an increase from last quarters $56 million and hurdle and interest payment majoring the quarter on our bonds of roughly $12 million.  For the fiscal year we generated approximately $129.2 million of free cash flow, of which approximately $123 million was used to reduce total debt to $781.5 million. As an interesting note, our free cash flow per share for the year was $2.84 and were quite pleased with that. Total credit availability is approximately $290.4 million and the $650 million revolver is now around $425 million. We decreased the ratio of funded debt to EBITDA from 3.16 in Q3 to 2.93 in Q4. This will result in additional interest savings of 25 basis points for the next quarter, so the revolver will now be at LIBOR plus 100 for the first quarter of this fiscal year. Were pleased that our cash management strategies that we employed are definitely working, and I would like to reiterate theyre not going to negatively impact the future. We have ample manufacturing capacity in the majority of our product lines, and sufficient distribution capacity for the next several years. Inventories decreased by $22.6 million or 8% from last year, with months on hand at 6.3 compared to 8.1 last year, an excellent job by our supply chain team.  Accounts receivable were also closely monitored with DSOs at 55 days, down from 59 days last year.  Id like to now turn to the statement of income. Bob I think summarized our results for revenue quite adequately, so Ill start with gross margin. GAAP consolidated gross margin was 56% versus 61% in Q4 of last year. For the full year, gross margin was 55% compared to 58% last year. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding the impact of the CooperVision manufacturing restructuring plan, the full year gross margin was 56% compared to 61% in 08. CooperVision reported gross margin of 56 versus 61% in Q4 of last year. For the full year it had a gross margin of 54% versus 58% in 2008. On a non-GAAP basis, gross margin was 56% versus 61% last year in Q4, and 55% versus 61% for the full year. As was the case in prior quarters, in Q4 the continued rationalization of manufacturing operations resulted in several non-cash period charges which negatively impacted CooperVisions gross margin. These were charges for its manufacturing restructuring plan, inventory and equipment write-offs, idle equipment and of course currency also had a negative impact on gross margin. CooperSurgical had a gross margin of 57% in Q4 and for the full year its gross margin was 60% compared to 59% last year.  Turning to SG&A expenses, in Q4 SG&A expense increased by 2% from the prior year to $102.9 million, but decreased as a percentage of sales to 36% from 38%. For the full year, SG&A decreased by 9% to $391.6 million and decreased to 36% of revenue from 41% last year. In Q4, R&D decreased 10% from last year to $8.3 million, but remained at 3% of revenue. For the full fiscal year, R&D decreased $33.3 million or 6% but remained at 3% of revenue. This decrease was the result of a delay in some clinical trials as well as a change in the allocation of overhead to cost of goods sold as opposed to R&D. Bob mentioned our continued restructuring activity, and as we mentioned last quarter, CooperVision initiated restructuring plan on August of 09 to realize additional manufacturing efficiencies. Under the plan we will relocate our soft lens manufacturing operations in Norfolk, Virginia and Adelaide, Australia to existing operations in Puerto Rico and the UK. The total cost of the plan is estimated at $25 million with $10 million to be cash related, primarily in fiscal 2010. We recognized $5.1 million of these expenses in fiscal 09 with the balance to be recognized in fiscal 2010. As Bob also mentioned we did accrue management bonus in Q4. The compensation and audit committees of the board met and concluded that the manufacturing restructuring plan adapted by CooperVision was in the best long term interest of the company and its shareholders. As such, these charges were excluded from the GAAP financial results for the determination of bonuses and the non-GAAP metrics were used. As a result, we accrued $0.08 per share for management bonuses in Q4. For 2010 we plan to revert to the more standard method of bonus accrual which was used in prior periods. As a result of the various items mentioned above, our operating margin in Q4 on a GAAP to non-GAAP consolidated basis was 15% of revenue, down from 18% in Q4 of last year. For the full year, GAAP operating margin was 14%, up from 12% last year. On a non-GAAP basis the operating margin was also 14%, down from 16% in 08. It should be noted that the only non-GAAP adjustments are in cost of goods sold, so the difference is not the result of any operating expense charges. Interest expense decreased by $1.6 million in Q4 from last year to $10.8 million and this reflects the reduction in interest rates attributable to the maintenance of a strong fund to debt to EBITDA ratio and reduced borrowings. For the full year, interest expense was $44.1 million, down from $50.8 million in fiscal 2008. Turning to the tax rate, the effective tax GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 6% versus 11.4% last year, and the non-GAAP rate was 6.9% versus 11.4% in 2008. The GAAP tax rate for the full year was 12.4% compared to 14.1% in 08 and the non-GAAP tax rate was 13.3% versus 11.3% in 08. And as an aside, the effective tax rate in the quarter was higher than we had anticipated when we provided information in our Q3 call, and that was attributable mainly to two items, one of which was the incurrence of less of the restructuring costs in fourth quarter than we had anticipated in Q3, as well as there was a change in the income tax regulations which required us to allocate a bigger percentage of cost out of the United States to lower tax rate jurisdictions. So that had the effect of increasing our effective tax rate as I mentioned. Depreciation was $19.2 million in Q4, including $1.3 million of accelerated depreciation. Amortization was $5.4 which included a one time $1.3 million write-off of a CooperSurgical license. The total was $24.6 million in the quarter. For the full year, depreciation was $74.7 million and amortization $17.9 for a total of $92.6 million, including $8.2 million of accelerated depreciation.  Bob indicated our earnings per share for the quarter on a GAAP basis were $0.66 and on a non-GAAP basis $0.67. For the full year GAAP EPS was $2.21 and non-GAAP was $2.29.  Bob provided guidance for next year in connection with revenues. Id like to give you a few other metrics that you can use in your models. Were estimating a gross margin percentage of 58% to 60% consolidated. Operating expenses should be in the range of 42% to 44% of revenue. Operating margins should be 15% to 16% and the effective tax rate should be in the range of 14% to 16%. So with that, Ill turn the program back over to Kim for the Q&A portion.
Kim Duncan: Operator?
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Michael Weinstein.
Michael Weinstein: The tax rate youre assuming in the guidance for 2010 if you could clarify that, and then you had such impressive free cash flow in the last six months, why are we not assuming continuations in 2010?
Robert S. Weiss: The range of tax and Ill let Gene correct me if I miss it, I think its 14% to 16% in 2010. And is it 15% to 17% on a non-GAAP basis or something like that?
Eugene Midlock: Probably 16% to 18% on non-GAAP.
Robert S. Weiss: Relative to cash flow, and cash flow of course we had $129 million of free cash flow this year, were targeting a range of $120 to $140 next year. You may recall we initially were targeting close to $150. We took $10 off, which is what its going to cost us to complete the shutdowns throughout 2010. And the other thing that happened is we were forecasting in around $100 million of free cash flow, as of September we came in at $129 million of free cash flow for this year. Assume part of that was the impressive reduction of inventory. You only get to take the cash out once so were assuming were getting some in 2010, but we also got some of what we planned on 2010 we brought forward to 2009. So thats one of the reasons free cash flow wasnt as good as it was in fiscal year 2009. So hopefully that answers that question. Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Johnson.
Jeff Johnson: Hey, just wondering, Gene, if you could review the bonus accrual absolute dollars in the quarter and maybe go through on gross margin for me, just some of the asset write-downs and [net] the amounts as I look to sequentially build my model here over the next couple quarters.
Eugene Midlock: The total dollars accrued in Q4 after tax was $3.7 million roughly which converts to $0.08. As far as the charges, you want a summary of this years gross margin, Jeff, or?
Jeff Johnson: Yes. Lets assume that the charges were talking about 2009.
Eugene Midlock: Okay. So in the quarter, CooperVision had roughly 1.3% of the margin for inventory write-offs, roughly 0.9% on asset write-offs, idle plant of 0.7%, accelerated depreciation of 0.2% and manufacturing restructuring roughly of 0.5%. And then CooperSurgical had roughly a 3% write-off of margin for inventory, had product recall of 1.4% and accelerated depreciation of 0.8%.
Operator: Your next question comes from Larry Biegelsen.
Larry Biegelsen: On the asset writedowns in the fourth quarter those were not dollar amounts, right? And could you give us the dollar amounts on what you expect going forward so we can build our model that way, please?
Eugene Midlock: Asset write-offs roughly $2.3 million for CooperVision and thats it. There was none at CooperSurgical.
Robert S. Weiss:  As far as going forward?
Eugene Midlock: Going forward I would expect it would decrease fairly significantly from this year. We did some very intensive wall to wall asset inventory analysis, identified that equipment thats going to be obsoleted for new technology and so forth. So it should drop off fairly significantly next quarter.
Robert S. Weiss: And were looking for a range next year of 58% to 60% and obviously one of the key drivers is we will still have some idle equipment next year because were under utilizing the plants as we continue to manage down inventory. Well have less headwind from currency and then youre correct that we had some activity the last two quarters, the third quarter and the fourth quarter, relative to some equipment write-offs and to a lesser extent inventory write-offs. So that all translates to improving trends next year and well move into the 58% to 60% range overall.  
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Willoughby. 
Steve Willoughby: Im just wondering if you can give us an update on two things. One, when do you expect to restart the Avaira production lines? And then two, and Im sorry if I missed it, but when do you expect to launch both the Biofinity multi-focal and the Avaira toric? 
Robert S. Weiss: Okay, the activity of the Avaira production line, at this juncture we are expecting some time the first high volume piece of equipment will be put into production sometime later in 2010. Were having very good success with ramping up our what we call fast track, which is proving to be a very supportive and robust production effort. So that has actually helped us delay any need for reactivating the high volume line early in the year.  As far as Biofinity multi-focal we plan on launching both Biofinity multi-focal and Avaira toric in the first half of calendar year 2010. Theres been no change in that target event if you will by mid-year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Larry Keusch.
Larry Keusch: Just two things to touch on, the restructuring charges that you took in the quarter associated with Norfolk, I think you had been anticipating that would be closer to $7.5 million and you guys did under $1 million, so if you could just speak to the timing of that restructuring effort. And then the second part of the question is as you think about gross margin on a go forward basis, and you talked about the period costs, should we assume that the second half will really see the step up towards that 58% range, that 60% range that youre looking for or is it more a steady increase through the year?
Robert S. Weiss: Okay, Ill take the restructuring costs that Norfolk as far as the timing, it purely is timing. Were not per se behind schedule in any of the transfers to either Puerto Rico or to the UK. And then I guess theres a third piece which is some of our warehouse effort going to Rochester, which is a much smaller part. So were really talking more about the timing of the accounting for that activity. There has been no change in estimate. The aggregate amount over the two year period is still $25 million all up. So yes, it was a close call on when does that $7.5 million hit, but its still going to show up both by way of idle equipment, most of it was not idle but shortening the life, the utilization of the equipment and it was actual termination payments at the end of when were done with the needs for certain groups. As far as gross margin trends, I would assume yes we will pick up and be improving our gross margins throughout the year, so that we would expect to finish and have a stronger gross margin towards the latter part than in the earlier part of the year as we improve efficiency and continue to reduce our headcount.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Cooley.
Chris Cooley: When you think about your free cash flow target for next year your goal is between $120 to $140, would you characterize for us whether the balance sheet is assumed to be a source of cash or a use of cash or neutral and maybe some color around that? I mean if I could just quickly for clarification, the guidance for fiscal 2010 it assumes only the restructuring charge from the manufacturing program, no other incremental charges in that number on the adjusted EPS number of $2.45 plus.
Robert S. Weiss: Yes, Chris, the only assumption in 2010 is the announced shutdown. No other activity is included in our guidance, the $0.28 I believe it was in guidance. As far as what are the drivers that will assist the $120 to $140 million of free cash flow next year, were assuming well probably get another upwards, and Al or Gene correct me if Im wrong, in the $15 to $20 million range of cash out of the balance sheet, inventory in particular. We already have a good ratio of days sales outstanding so its not that. Our implicit assumption is that we will stay below $100 million in capital expenditures next year and beyond.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Josh Jennings] for Peter Bye.
[Josh Jennings] for Peter Bye:  So just a quick one on Europe and you showed solid growth there, and if you can just give us some color on what youre seeing there in that region. And then also if you have any insight into some of the latest efforts by CIBA for injunction hearings in Europe, and whether theres been any impact on the distribution channel due to litigation if at all.
Robert S. Weiss: Yes, youre absolutely right. Europe has proved to be a pleasant surprise this year, just like Asia Pac has been a disappointment I think from a global perspective. But whats driving Europe is very much Eastern Europe, which has taken off and several countries to and including Poland. And we dont see that slowing up. Its been pretty sustaining and were happy with the progress we made individually in that marketplace. As far as activity in Europe, you may recall that J & J actually won and beat CIBA in the UK. So thats the one wrinkle throughout Europe where the shoe is on the other foot. And thats actually one of the wrinkles in terms of any potential for a global settlement.  As far as the activity in the rest of Europe, France and Belgium where injunctions are in place, Im not aware of any major developments the last three months. And in Germany where we expected there was a possibility that J & J might do well, its going slower than we anticipated. So at this juncture theres been no major development in Germany likewise. As far as the implications of the injunctions on Cooper and the field, we did have some noticeable impact initially in Belgium when the injunctions took place. There has been no noticeable impact in France because there was a substantial pipeline fill in anticipation of the injunction by [Visicon] and there was also in the case of France other avenues for certain large chains to access inventory. That has not been shut down at this juncture.
Operator: Your next question comes from Amit Bhalla.
Amit Bhalla: Can you quantify what type of benefit youll see in the gross margin from the Norfolk headcount reductions versus the base business performance? And when those benefits might hit? And then secondly, can you just give us a sense of what the CapEx requirements are for the Biofinity multi-focal and Avaira toric launches?
Robert S. Weiss: The improvement that will show up in 2011, because first well move into inventory before it gets to the P&L, will be ballpark around $15 million, which will be about 1.5% in total. And that will start phasing in. Well start seeing some of the benefit in late 2010 and it will accelerate throughout the first quarter of 2011. Capital requirements for Biofinity multi-focal, we have on order more lines of the Biofinity equipment and there are 12 month lead times so were expecting that we will probably order another couple of lines throughout this year, bringing our total line count, you may recall we started off with ten lines that can do any of the spheres, the torics or the multi-focals. We then eliminated two of the ten lines bringing it to eight. We then bought one more bringing it back up to nine and we have already on order one more. That will bring it to ten in 2010. As far as the Avaira toric is concerned, that is not an expensive capital project in that we are converting existing toric manufacturing equipment in Puerto Rico onto that platform so its more conversion than it is buying strictly new equipment. Im simplifying that a little bit, but by and large its not capital cash intense.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Robert S. Weiss: Then if there are not, I want to thank everyone for participating in todays call and with that well be communicating to you our next conference date. I dont know if we have that yet. We will certainly be communicating that out in the future though. Thank you again. Good night.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-09-04 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Kim Duncan  Director of Investor Relations  Robert S. Weiss  President and Chief Executive Officer Eugene Midlock  Chief Financial Officer  Albert G. White, III  Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer
Analysts: Peter Bye - Jefferies & Co. Matt for Joanne Wuensch Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company [Jared Holt]  Thomas Weisel Partners Chris Cooley - FTN Equity Capital Markets Michael Weinstein - J.P. Morgan Amit Bhalla - Citi 
Operator:  Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the third quarter 2009 The Cooper Companies, Incorporated earnings conference call. My name is [Wayne] and Ill be your coordinator for today. (Operator Instructions)  Id now like to turn this presentation over to your host for todays call, Miss Kim Duncan, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed maam.
Kim Duncan:  Good afternoon and welcome to The Cooper Companies third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Im Kim Duncan, Director of Investor Relations, and joining me on todays call are Bob Weiss, President and Chief Executive Officer; Gene Midlock, Chief Financial Officer; and Al White, Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer. Before we get started Id like to remind you that this conference call contains forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market conditions and manufacturing restructuring plans. Forward-looking statements necessarily depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward Looking Statements in todays earnings release and are described in our SEC filings including the business section of Coopers annual report on Form 10-K. These are publicly available and on request from the companys Investor Relations department. Now, before I turn the call over to Bob Weiss, let me comment on the agenda for the call. Bob will begin by providing some highlights on the quarter then get into specific details including new products, the market and guidance. Following Bobs remarks, Gene Midlock will comment on the third quarter financial results and provide some additional guidance. We will then open up the call for questions.  We will keep the formal presentation to roughly 30 minutes of prepared remarks followed by 30 minutes of Q&A, so the call will last a total of one hour. We request that anyone asking questions please limit yourself to only one question so that we may get to as many callers as possible. Should you have any additional questions following the call, please call our Investor line at 925-460-3663. Thats 925-460-3663 and well get back to you as soon as possible. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and a copy of the press release is available on our website at coopercos.com under Investor Relations. And with that Ill turn the call over to Bob for his opening remarks.
Robert S. Weiss:  Thank you, Kim and welcome everyone to our third quarter earnings call. Lets get right into it.  Heres what Im happy about. First of all, sales. CooperVision and CooperSurgical both posted solid revenues and we remain one of the rare companies these days with positive growth. Operating expenses, we continue to deliver cost containment without cutting into the muscle of the organization. As far as free cash flow, a wild factor. $56 million in free cash flow this quarter was extremely strong and our trailing four quarter number is $89 million, shows that we are capable of generating some solid cash flow. Silicone hydrogel, our silicone hydrogel sales were almost $32 million this quarter, equating to $127 million of annualized sale run rate. This puts us well on our way to exceeding our guidance of $100 million for the fiscal year.  Now, what needs to be explained? Well, thats obvious. Gross margins. I know all of you were expecting a better earnings per share number and this misses entirely in our gross margins. We had several items which we expected including $4.1 million that was the manufacturing restructuring as a result of Norfolk decision, $2.3 million which was idle equipment as a result of our decision to cut back on inventory levels, a net $7.9 million of currency which is reflected in our hedging numbers. These total $14.3 million and reduce gross margins around 500 basis points.  But we also had $4.1 million in inventory and equipment write-offs and this was a disappointment and was a surprise. This reduced gross margins around 150 basis points and impacted our earnings per share around $0.09. Although I didnt expect it, its part of doing business. We expect a little more in our fourth fiscal quarter but we already have built that into our guidance. These numbers obviously show the downside, but I will say were working through all the operational items and the gross margins will improve as we complete the Norfolk integration into the UK and Puerto Rico plants.  With respect to currency, I wont get into the details but I will say our hedging program allows us to see whats coming and unlike a lot of companies, we have who have already seen their upside, ours relates to a weaker pound which we will have yet to see in our cost of goods. This will be seen over the next year. In spite of all this activity, I feel comfortable with a 60% gross margin in the coming years and I believe this quarter will mark the low point. Now let me get into more details on the business before I turn it over to Gene who will cover the financial highlights. First of all, the quarter, excluding gross margins, was solid. $76 million of operating cash flow, $66 million of free cash flow needs no explanation. Revenue of $285 million is up 4% in constant currency and shows where were recession resistant. CooperSurgical turned in a solid quarter with revenue up 4% in constant currency and a solid 24% operating income margin. Excluding Norfolk, our $0.54 of earnings per share leaves us on track for $2.29. As far as new products are concerned and whats driving our market share gains, our solid silicone hydrogel revenue was $32 million, easily on track to exceed the $100 million we guided you to. Components of silicone hydrogel, Biofinity Sphere $21.2 million of revenue, up 57% in constant currency versus the prior year; Avaira $7 million in revenue, up 85% in constant currency compared to the prior year. Biofinity Toric has $3.6 million in revenue and of course its just getting started. Importantly, Biofinity Toric is performing outstandingly. August, for example, had revenue of $1.6 million in the U.S. and is running at an annualized run rate of $20 million. It is the first month weve had year-over-year growth in our Toric category in the U.S. in a long time. We currently have about 10,000 sitting sets placed, 5,000 in the U.S. with 13,000 still to go and another 5,000 outside the U.S. Keeping in mind this is an Rx roll-out, meaning the sales were recording are on eye. Other notable stars in our product portfolio, Proclear family, $70 million in revenue and the quarter was up 11% in constant currency and represents a $280 million run rate. Proclear family of products reflects 29% of CooperVisions revenue. Our one-day sales hit $50 million plus 9% in constant currency. Its now 21% of revenue. Geographically, our growth was mixed. Europe was up 7% in constant currency while Asia-Pacific was up 5%. The Americas, however, was flat as was the market. The Americas reflects our large Toric share which is still declining double-digits in the third quarter, given that were early into the roll-out of Biofinity Toric. We believe Biofinity Torics continued ramp up will plug this gap. August was a good start. About the market, the second quarter showed an increase of 1.4% constant currency worldwide which brings the year-to-date growth to 2.5%. And you may recall that at the beginning of the year we guided you to 0 to 4% in constant currencies 2009.  Year-to-date, one day is up 1% constant currency while multi-focals is up 20%, torics up 6% worldwide, silicone hydrogels up 19% and regionally Americas are up 4% while Europe is up 5% and Asia-Pacific has declined 1%. Net worldwide is up 2.5% worldwide. We are gaining share at the rate of about 1.7 times the market, both in the quarter as well as year-to-date. And importantly HBR data products research reflects a favorable year-to-date trend for total fits and new fits, where CooperVision has gained 2 points about, CIBA has gained 1 point and Vistakon has lost 3 share points in both categories. Capital expenditures and cash flow as well as liquidity, Ill let Gene deliver the details but in summary Q3 delivered outstanding cash flows, $76 million of operating cash flow, $56 million of free cash flow. Our trailing 12 month free cash fund now stands at $89 million. Our capital expenditures dropped to $20 million in the third quarter and we dropped our debt to total cap ratio from 40% at the end of January down to only 36%. Most of the free cash flow reflects lower capital requirements, a reduced headcount and the reduction of inventory levels. Headcount reductions in manufacturing will show up initially in cash and on a six to seven month lag in our gross margins. More than half of our 685 headcount reductions that we recently reported when we announced Norfolk took place in the last 12 months. Many of these have yet to show up in our cost of goods. CooperSurgical our womens healthcare franchise continues to buck the recession, averaging trends that are very favorable in both hospitals and in the office practice. Revenue is up 4%, reflects strong hospital sales of 10%, our operating margins at 24% demonstrate the efficiencies of this business with a 62% gross margin and operating costs reflecting the economys scale. In terms of guidance, our $0.54 excluding Norfolk leaves us on track for the range of $2.27 to $2.29 in earnings per share. Our fourth quarter has a large discrete tax pick-up. Our fourth quarter well start seeing the benefits of earlier headcount reductions, less write-offs and lower pound charges in cost of goods. The great news is were increasing free cash flow in our outlook to $100 million range compared to the $70 million that weve previously given you. Weve also greatly narrowed our 09 guidance range compared to the previous and this is reflected in both being in the top half of both revenue and earnings per share, excluding Norfolk restructuring. Now to talk briefly about strategies and outlook. We continue our endeavors to get leaner. Upon completing the Norfolk shutdown we will cumulatively have reduced headcount by about 1,250 people in the manufacturing area. Thats a 29% improvement. With higher production output thats also 29% improvement in efficiency. While short term this event negatively impacts gross margin, long term 29% improvement will facilitate our 60% gross margin goals.  While foreign exchange, write-offs, restructuring and idle equipment charges are preventing 60% from happening in the short term, we believe optimizing the plants will get us to our 60% goal in the intermediate term, which is post 2010. Short term 09 and 2010, cutting back on production will reduce months on hand but will be a drag on our gross margin. As we normalize months on hand capacity utilization will increase. Even with the Norfolk fold-in our two large facilities will be operating below 70% capacity as we complete that. This is why going forward CapEx will likely remain below the $100 million level indefinitely.  Of course some of the new product pipeline we will have next year, the introduction of Biofinity Multi-focal and Avaira Toric, both in the first half of calendar year 2010, will have some CapEx needs. While next year we plan on spending $10 million in cash to complete the Norfolk integration, our goal for $1.3 billion in operating cash flow and $800 million of free cash flow by 2013 remains intact.  Our free cash flow performance leaves us on track for CooperSurgical acquisitions in 2010. We expect any acquisitions to be tuck in that should be exclusive of acquisition accounting entries like direct cost of acquisitions, in process R&D and things of that nature. We expect them to be accretive within 12 months. Some acquisitions, however, that contribute to accelerating top line growth may be beyond 12 month targets. Given CooperSurgical does not have a head-to-head competitor, this strategy remains a low risk, high reward strategy that weve been successfully executing since the early 1990s, almost 20 years now. In summary, before I turn it over to Gene, remember todays takeaways. We are delivering solid free cash flow. This free cash flow is expected to continue. Our silicone hydrogel is gaining momentum. The Biofinity Toric roll-out is exceeding all of our expectations. Following completion of the Norfolk plant shutdown into the UK and Puerto Rican plants, our efficiency output will be up 29% compared to early part of 2008. This efficiency will be reflected in improving gross margins. We expect to achieve this 60% post-2010. The market for soft contact lenses remains recession resistant and importantly we continue to gain share in the soft contact lens market, growing at about 1.7 times the market. While we have surprised or disappointed some of you this quarter, I am convinced that in these challenging economic times we are taking all the right steps for the long term health of the company.  Now let me turn it over to Gene.
Eugene Midlock:  Good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Before I begin the review of the third quarters statement of income, I would like to comment on a few aspects of the balance sheet. Lets begin with cash. As Bob indicated, in Q3 we had approximately $76 million of operating cash flow and capital expenditures of $20 million. This resulted in $56 million of free cash flow. Through the third quarter, we have generated approximately $71 million of free cash flow and expect to generate approximately $100 million for the year. The trailing 12 months free cash flow is $89 million. As a result, we have been able to reduce our indebtedness by almost $57 million to $839 million from Q2, which leaves approximately $237 million of total credit availability. The $650 million revolver is now around $450 million.  At the end of the third quarter, we decreased the ratio of funded debt to EBITDA from 3.24 at the end of the second quarter to 3.16. This will result in a continued interest savings of 25 basis points. Turning to inventories, we decreased the level by 11.3 million from the second quarter, with months on hand decreasing from 7.8 to 6.0. An excellent job by our supply chain folks.  Accounts receivable were also closely monitored, especially in this recessionary time, and our DSOs our days outstanding remained at 48 days. Now turning to the income statement, lets start with revenue. Bob provided a good overview of the components of revenue that we earned during the quarter, so I will not repeat those details. Suffice it to say most of our businesses had a good quarter in light of the global recession. CooperVision grew 2%, which is 3% in constant currency over last years third quarter. For the second calendar quarter, it grew out 1.7 times the market so we continued to gain share. CooperSurgical grew 4% over last year in a difficult market, especially for capital equipment and hospitals. Overall, a pretty solid performance for Cooper with 4% growth in constant currency. Turning to the gross margin, Bob also covered several of those details and explained why it was approximately 7% less than we had expected. Several of these non-cash period charges were anticipated and as we continue to restructure and streamline our manufacturing operations, we will have more of those in the future. The unexpected asset write-offs, and by unexpected I mean the dollar amount not the fact that were having write-offs, were only 0.4% of our total asset base. While we are disappointed with adjustments like this, they will happen from time-to-time in a multi-national manufacturing operation like Coopers. As Bob indicated we do expect the gross margin to return to the 60% range in the near future. Looking at the rest of the income statement, consolidated SG&A expenses decreased by 10% from the prior year to $100 million and decreased as a percentage of sales to 35% from 40%. This decrease reflects the cost control procedures that we have discussed with you in previous quarters. I will note that in the first two quarters of the fiscal year, we got some help from currency but that is greatly dissipating as the dollar weakens in the third quarter, so most of the savings were again by cost containment measures. For CooperVision, selling expenses also decreased by 10% from Q3 last year and are 27% of revenue down from 31%. G&A expenses decreased by 17% from the prior year and were 6% of revenue down from 7% last year.  For CooperSurgical, selling expenses decreased 4% to 26% of revenue versus 28% last year. G&A decreased by 2% from last year, again attributable to across the board cost containment activities, and our 6% of revenue versus 7% last year. R&D decreased by 14% from last year to $7.7 million but still remained 3% of revenue. Well note that this is illusionary because what really happened was we changed the allocation of our apportionment of certain overhead expenses, so they came out of the R&D department and went into our advanced manufacturing technology department, which is a part of cost of goods sold. So really the decrease is largely attributable to a reallocation method. Looking at restructuring, we did issue a press release a few weeks ago about Norfolk. We have initiated a plan to better utilize our manufacturing efficiencies gained over the last year. Well relocate the Norfolk soft contact lens manufacturing operations and those in Adelaide, Australia to existing operations in Puerto Rico and the UK. Total cost of the plan is estimated at $25 million, of which $10 million will be in cash. And that will be primarily in next fiscal year 2010. We recognized $4.1 million in Q3 and estimate that we will record $7.5 million in Q4, with the balance recognized next year. Of the total cost, about $17 million is associated with assets including accelerated depreciation and facility lease and contract [renovation] cost and about $8 million associated with employee benefit costs, such as severance and termination and so forth. Upon completion, we anticipate annual cash savings of about $14 million beginning in fiscal 2011, when earnings improve about $7.5 million in fiscal 2011 and $15 million thereafter. Consolidated operating margin increased to 12%, up from 11% last year. CVI was flat at 12% both periods while CSI had another killer quarter, increasing to 24% up from 20 in third quarter of 08. Just as a note, if we didnt have all the gross margin adjustments our operating margin would have been around 18%. As you would expect with our debt retirement interest expense decreased by $4.2 million or 27% in Q3 from last year at $11.1 million. This reflects the reduction in interest rates attributable to the maintenance of our strong fund to debt, the EBITDA ratio and our reduced borrowings. Lets now look at the effective tax rate for the quarter, which was 3.4% versus a negative 2% last year. And the 3.4% was generally attributable to three items, first of which is the CVI manufacturing restructuring plan, costs of which are largely recognized in the U.S. which is a high rate tax jurisdiction at 39%. The second aspect is the recognition of fairly material discrete items in the third quarter. And lastly our mix of income changes amongst the 49 countries in which we are taxed. And this is important because we go from a high tax rate of 41% in Japan to low rates like 12% in Korea and 18% in Singapore and so forth. So the mix of income does have an impact on the rate. We estimate now that the effective rate for the full year will be approximately 11 to 12% and the rate in Q4 will be extremely low, lower than Q3 because of the large discrete items that Bob mentioned. Id just make a final comment on taxes in light of the significant fluctuation and the effective tax rate between quarters because in the past someone inferred that management overly influences tax rate. And it should be noted and Im sure youre aware that calculation of the taxes in the audited financial statement are governed by very strict GAAP accounting rules. And then these calculations are reviewed in detail by KPMG when they review our financial statements and are signed off on. In addition Ernst and Young our advisor in some cases McDermott Will and Emery our legal advisors also review the calculations. So there really isnt any room for arbitrary adjustments. The movement between the quarters is again solely governed by the accounting literature. Looking at depreciation and amortization, depreciation was $17.8 million in the quarter, $1 million of accelerated depreciation and amortization was $4.2 million for total non-cash charges of $22 million. Stock option compensation was $2.4 million and we expect another $1.4 million in Q4 for a total of $11.8 million for the year. I would like to conclude now by reiterating the guidance, specifically its presented in the press release but to avoid any confusion like we had last quarter Ill just go through step-by-step. So for the fourth quarter revenue guidance for CooperVision is $230 to $240 million and for the fiscal year were guiding at $900 to $910 million. For CooperSurgical Q4 will have $41 to $45 million and for the year $168 to $172 million. In total for Q4 were guiding $171 million to $285 and for the year $1.68 billion to $1.82 billion.  Earnings per share guidance GAAP purposes Q4 will be $0.56 to $0.58 cents and for the year, $2.11 to $2.13. Non-GAAP will be $0.66 to $0.68 in Q4 reflecting $0.10 of charges for the Norfolk adjustment. For the year, GAAP will be $2.11 to $2.13 and non-GAAP will be $2.27 to $2.29 which again reflects the $0.16 of charges, the $0.06 in Q3 and the $0.10 in Q4. Free cash flow for the fourth quarter will be $22 to $32 million and for the year, $93 to $103 million. So pretty solid results on the cash flow.  With that, Ill turn the call back over to Kim to begin the Q&A.
Kim Duncan: Operator, are you there?
Operator: Yes I am. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Peter Bye - Jefferies & Co.
Peter Bye - Jefferies & Co.:  The first question would be I guess then there is no management bonus in the guidance?
Robert S. Weiss: Ill pass that question to Gene.
Eugene Midlock: Thats correct, Peter. The accounting rules would not allow us to accrue a bonus this quarter. To be able to accrue a bonus it has to be probable and [estimatable]. Since our target bonus is driven by objective criteria which before the bonus accrual can begin, our earnings per share number thats projected would not get us to the $2.29 on a GAAP basis. So unless the Board of Directors subsequently decides later in the year to add a discretionary element, there will be no bonus accrual.
Peter Bye - Jefferies & Co.:  This is a GAAP year, right? Isnt that the whole sort of new turn the page? And you know weve taken some charges and then were quick to find some other ones as well now and I guess just how are investors supposed to look at you know the free cash flow is great but 97 to 05 probably proved to be a pure under investment in the business. You know about the 2%, 1% R&D reinvestment rate, maybe you werent investing enough in the business at that time. And now youve got a 2.7% R&D rate and CapEx dropping with gross margins dropping. What do you say to investors about how youre maybe sacrificing the short term to the long term for some cash flow? Just maybe if you could address that question.
Robert S. Weiss: Sure, Peter. I think there is a perception that were somehow limiting capital that we need to spend. And I dont know how clearer to say it than to say.
Peter Bye - Jefferies & Co.:  I guess just wrapping R&D into the question too a little bit Bob, too, just the fact that when you want to capitalize R&D in a manufacturing, call R&D manufacturing expertise. The gross margin is obviously concerning. Its been concerning for a bit of time, not just CapEx but also R&D.
Robert S. Weiss: Okay. Well, Ill put them all together. Youve got R&D, you have CapEx and you have the gross margins. And clearly when it comes to concerns about generating cash by cutting back on capital expenditures I think weve been pretty clear that when youre running a business at 60% capacity, you dont need more plant, you need to utilize that plant. So hopefully theres no real perception out there that were not spending money we need to allow us to build products in the future and go forward. On R&D quite frankly weve always been a company that has not spent a lot of money on the R&D line. However, we have spent a fair amount of money in process development, which we record in cost of goods not in R&D. Some companies might in fact pull it out of manufacturing and put it on R&D and look like theyre real R&D companies. You know, maybe we should, but we havent. 
Peter Bye - Jefferies & Co.:  Could you just delineate what that might be? Like just what are you spending in manufacturing R&D i.e., because obviously thats been a problem for you know a while and now youve sort of overcome the systemic risks and you produce product, but maybe give investors an idea of what youve been doing over the past couple of months and maybe even this quarter specifically, what that number was.
Robert S. Weiss:  Well, I dont know that we have the accounting system to have captured it all because we havent tracked it as if its R&D. I would say that the amount of energy in the cost of goods area that goes into developing and proof production, for example weve frequently talked about getting the alcohol out of making silicone hydrogel whence there is significant dollars being spent on that activity. The R&D effort to change if you will cycle times or the manufacturing effort to change cycle times easily could be develop a new piece of equipment, record that all through R&D. We just dont do it that way. I would say wed probably more than double, I dont know if thats a correct number, thats just off the top of my head but it would be a substantial increase in the R&D level. So I think we need to make sure we give everyone else a chance at questions, so Im going to move on, Peter, but by far if you know certainly if you have more questions and you want to cover them at the end of the call you know we can cover additional questions then also.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt for Joanne Wuensch.
Matt for Joanne Wuensch:  I have a couple of questions here. I guess the first thing I wanted to address is you know weve seen in our checks and its sort of been apparent in online retailers over the past few weeks and months that J&Js been aggressively pricing down some Oasys products and offering rebates, bringing it more in line with Avaira and I hadnt seen any kind of competitive response from you guys. I just wanted to get a comment as to if thats affecting your business at all and if you had any plan to change Avaira pricing or take a new tack with that.
Robert S. Weiss: Thats a good question. I think the whole world is aware of J&Js busy doing different types of activities that they have not in the past such as cutting the price by 20% for Oasys. Theres a lot of answers to why are they doing it, or a lot of speculation is probably better said from does it tie in with Vision Source Plan, VSP? Does it have to do with the litigation and the likelihood that theyre at risk if you will with Oasys in the U.S. because of the current status of that litigation? Or are there other reasons at play? You are correct. We are not reacting to what they are doing. Some of that activity has led to filling the shelves if you will in the pipeline. Thus far it has not translated to them gaining market share. Youll recall I mentioned were up 2 year-to-date, CIBAs gained 1 and Vistakon has lost 3 so you know thus far nothing to react to.  The next HBR date is not really due until the end of October. We get it 30 days after its due so theres not a early date appointed through September. We get it on a 30 day lag. So the answer is were gaining share our own way and we believe in the products and well continue to act that way.
Matt for Joanne Wuensch:  I just wanted to ask about gross margins. You said you know post-2010 youre targeting 60%. Given some of the moving parts here over the next five quarters how do you see it playing out at the end of this year and maybe if you could give some color just qualitatively on next year?
Robert S. Weiss: I think the one thing you have to call out is the numbers weve given for the restructuring, which clearly are going to hit cost of goods and in aggregate of the $25 million weve said we will charge, weve already charged $4 so there is $21 to go, of which $7.5 will be in the fourth quarter. Excluding that the idle equipment that we took a $2.3 million charge, which includes two Avaira lines, the high volume as well as one fast track line, that is likely to continue through the first half of next year as we basically continue to reduce our inventory levels and reduce the through-put of the plants. That will then start up-ticking towards the back half of next year.  Now the other thing that comes into play, dont under state the value which is showing up first in cash but secondarily in gross margin of that lag of basically the 1,250 people that are being removed from the production process. That is a substantial amount of money. Assume thats a net earn on average more than $30,000 so you can do your own math relative to the size of the whole pot. Some of that has started to happen in the third quarter and has been masked in all that activity, but theres a lot more still to come. We indicated that the write-offs, the $4.1 million therell be some built into the fourth quarter and then it should drop off and be normalized going forward. So look to our margins going certainly north of 50% next year excluding the Norfolk piece and then pointed towards that 60% for 2011.
Operator: Your next question comes from Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities:  Bob, in the press release you talked about certain challenges in the soft contact lens market and in the second quarter the market grew 1% constant currency. Can you talk about the challenges and can you talk a little bit about the trends youre seeing in July and August? Are things getting better, staying the same or worse?
Robert S. Weiss: Well, youre correct. The challenges have been and Ive used the term in the past jerky. There are good months and there are bad months. We of course reported our growth for the quarter on a fiscal year basis as you know basically 3%, which was a solid 3% in constant currency. August was up 5% worldwide, so were off to a good start in the fourth quarter. Having said that, who knows? We know we have easy comps in October so presumably October is good, August has been good, stay tuned. So were optimistic about that. The jerkiness when I use that term reflects for example what happened in the second quarter compared to the first quarter. If you look at the Americas went from basically 8% to a negative 1 I believe it was. So thats what I call jerky. Now did it really grow 8% in the first quarter and decline 1% in the second quarter? I really dont think so. I think some of that is a push-pull process. You have things going on with Oasys as someone pointed out a little while ago. That come into play. So were seeing the contact lens market as we did at the beginning of the year, 0 to 4% and so far we think well be in the upper half of that 0 to 4%. Year-to-date 2.5%, generally pleased with that.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities:  Whats the constant currency growth rates implied in your fourth quarter sales guidance? I mean basically what do you expect the FX impact to be in the fourth quarter?
Robert S. Weiss: The constant currency rate in the fourth quarter will be around, let me think about that.
Eugene Midlock: The number in the guidance is the as reported number.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities:  And what are you expecting the FX impact to be in the fourth quarter?
Eugene Midlock: We wouldnt forecast the FX impact on what the quarters going to be in the future because that will depend on currency movements through the quarter. So all we do is that guidance forecasting standpoint [and do] actuals.
Robert S. Weiss: And youll recall from hedging we pretty much were within 1% this last quarter but of course thats going to start moving around as the hedges annualize. So I think that is somewhat of a moving number.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  Bob, wondering if we can just go back to gross margin, I hate to keep hammering on it here but so you said there was a $7.3 million net impact on gross margin. Is that what you said earlier in the call?
Robert S. Weiss: Well actually it was larger than that. There was $14.3 million which included $7.9 million of currency, the $4 million of manufacturing for the restructuring and the $2.3 million of idle equipment. And in addition there was another $4.1 million of write-offs. So all up it was $18.4 million in aggregate.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  Right. The currency impact itself was the $7.9?
Robert S. Weiss: Correct.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  So with where the dollar has moved I mean as Im looking at my model here, it looks like that should pretty much neutralize out of the model next quarter. Is that correct?
Robert S. Weiss: Well, not quite. Directionally youre right. The average pound cost floating through and keep in mind 60% of our cost is in pounds, was about $1.95. That is because we still have hedges in place likely to drop to about $1.82, a reduction of about 7%. And then right now the pound is I think at around $1.62, which is about 16, 17% down so that will start showing up next year.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  So it sounds to me youve stepped through all the different things that will and will not continue on gross margin, but the CVI gross margin should see a pick-up next quarter on a sequential basis in the 53%, 54% range. Is that right? And then a little bit sequentially higher than that throughout 2010. Is that how to think about it?
Robert S. Weiss: Yes. Just keep in mind next quarter were going to hit it with $7.5 million for the Norfolk restructuring. So thats a bigger item. 
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  I think everyones willing to give you a pass on the Norfolk, thats an understandable restructuring and you know so kind of back to the strategy you employed when the [ocular] deal was done but all these other things you know to Peters point on whats recurring, non-recurring, you know I think trying to move back in or out of the model, is it fair to say that forgetting about Norfolk 53, 54% and then sequentially improving so plan on that basis?
Robert S. Weiss: Yes.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  And then you made a point on CSI that you wouldnt necessarily shy away from deals that werent accretive in the first 12 months. What kind of dilution would you accept in CSI in the first year?
Robert S. Weiss: I think any deal were looking at is not likely to be you know its going to be less than $0.05 diluted. Excluding all size the acquisition accounting which gets pretty funky if you have in process R&D and things of that nature.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  Nothing going back and I forget back three years ago when you had those $0.15 diluted deals and what have you, now we shouldnt be thinking about anything along those lines?
Robert S. Weiss: No. Once again excluding, we did an in-process R&D purchase then that would hit and that would be called out.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  And then the contact rate is coming down so much here for the year on the guidance, how do we think about tax rate for next year, Gene?
Eugene Midlock: Wed still be in the 15% range again subject to where these write-offs repose. A lot of that will be in the U.S. you know from Norfolk closure. Some will be in the UK, again another 30% tax rate jurisdiction, but we still should be around that 15% run rate, Jeff.
Robert S. Weiss: In other words excluding the call-out, were still targeting going forward that 15% range.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  Because there are some EPS growth levers here in 2010 even though youre not providing 2010 guidance. Im taking it thats not coming from gross margin and it wont come from tax rate so it has to come from the SG&A and the revenue line?
Robert S. Weiss: No, I think once again excluding Norfolk theres going to be improvement in gross margin. We talked about that flushing through and well be exiting the fourth quarter in around that 53, 54% level you talked about and improving you know going forward on the exchange rate. But minimal improvement on the absorption factor.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  The take home message should not be here, Bob that the EPS levers are going away for next year as some of these things layer in?
Robert S. Weiss: Yes. In other words were still viewing that, our earnings per share is going to grow faster than the top line.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company:  Wondering if you could comment on your thoughts regarding the J&J CIBA litigation and kind of where it stands in the U.S.? What the impact youve seen over the past couple of months in France and the Netherlands? You know its been a few months now. Just kind of walk through what youre thinking from that impact.
Robert S. Weiss: Okay. As far as the U.S., its clear that CIBA won, J&J lost, but its also clear that that judge is hoping not to have to make a decision and theres multiple lawsuits going a lot of different directions. So he basically said I hope you guys get together and talk between now and October 20th, which is his next lets all get together date. He has multiple choices and the worse case scenario clearly is what CIBA was seeking which is an injunction where Oasys comes off the market. What J&J has done in the U.S. is consistent with what they did in France which is they loaded up the pipeline for about nine months of inventory in order to not have to worry about anything that happens short-term with the idea that theyll resolve whatever they have to do in that nine month period. As a result of that, whereas in the Netherlands we had an uptick in a very small market, where CIBA opened its mouth and was basically saying we won, what CIBA didnt do in France is tell anyone. So it was the worlds best secret in France. What CIBA didnt do in the U.S. is tell anyone, so its a secret in the U.S. also. I do gather there was like a one line comment in Contact Lens Forum but that was about it. So no one knows about it, if you can believe that. As a result of that and as a result of J&Js activity of once again pushing hard and flooding the pipeline with their deal on Oasys, is likely that they have quite a buffer amount of inventory out there that probably will circulate in the global system for awhile. It has not helped us nor has it materially hindered us at this point in time.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company:  And then I just had one follow up question for Gene and maybe I was just confused on some of the numbers jumping around there, but Gene you were maybe talking about a $0.10 impact from Norfolk and I was confused, I thought it was a $0.06 impact from Norfolk? Can you just kind of clarify what the $0.10 impact you were talking about before was?
Eugene Midlock: Yes, $0.06 was for Q3 and were estimating Q4 will have a $0.10 impact, the $7.5 million estimated additional write-off in Q4.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Jared Holt]  Thomas Weisel Partners.
[Jared Holt]  Thomas Weisel Partners: Can you just talk about the earnings guidance again? Its a little bit confusing I think if you look at the adjusted number and the GAAP number. If we can just go back historically and go over the GAAP number and the adjusted number for each of the quarters so far, it looks like it was $0.53, $0.61 and $0.54 adjusted; $0.53, $0.54 and $0.48 GAAP. Is that the right way to look at it?
Eugene Midlock: Well, GAAP through Q3 is $1.55 and non-GAAP is $1.61.
[Jared Holt]  Thomas Weisel Partners: Well Im just confused why it would be $1.61 if you did.
Eugene Midlock: Plus the $0.06 for the restructuring that we had in Q3.
[Jared Holt]  Thomas Weisel Partners:  So $0.54 plus $0.61 and $0.53 is $1.68.
Unidentified Executive:  Were adding back, Jared, the IT R&D charge and that is not added back. So when we released Q2 it was released purely as a GAAP quarter.
[Jared Holt]  Thomas Weisel Partners: And then Gene you talked about the bonus structure of the company where accruing for bonuses on a GAAP number. Wouldnt that be based on the numbers youve put up so far the $1.55 number and not the other number youre talking about?
Eugene Midlock: At the moment its $2.29. You know as we went through last quarter with the adjustment for the IT R&D that hit in the second quarter. That hasnt changed. Thats where the bonus triggers. Were forecasting $2.11 to $2.13 so were obviously sure of that by the $0.16 attributable to Norfolk. Unless the plan gets changed, there will be no bonus accrual unless we get to $2.29. At this point, our forecasting its a $0.16 hurdle and its too early in the quarter to make that assumption.
[Jared Holt]  Thomas Weisel Partners: Now the $2.11 to $2.13, does that compare to the $2.16 to $2.36 that you had originally given?
Unidentified Executive: $2.13 to $2.36 when we started the year was we didnt split it into GAAP, non-GAAP. We didnt anticipate a non-GAAP so arguably the $2.l6 to $2.36 was a GAAP number and the only thing that caused it to change was a deal sheet approved by the Board which was the in process R&D that took it to the $2.29.
[Jared Holt]  Thomas Weisel Partners: So youre viewing the $2.27 to $2.29 guidance as comparable to as apples-to-apples to the $2.16 to $2.36.
Eugene Midlock: Right.
[Jared Holt]  Thomas Weisel Partners: And then just on the new products, what are you doing as far as anything on the silicone hydrogel daily front? Theres some more new products there. And anything on the drug delivery front? I mean R&D obviously very light, but could you start making investments there?
Robert S. Weiss: As far as the daily front we are actively looking at that and working on some projects. Nothing immediate, so were not going to get into promising a one-day silicone hydrogel in the next several years.  As far as drug delivery, thats a horse of a different color from my perspective when you start saying get involved with the FDA on the drug side as opposed to the device side. Number one is the type of drugs, if theyre designed to deal with back of the eye issues, dont expect to see us move into that domain certainly any time in the near future. Relative to those that deal with reactions to contact lenses or things that make wearing more palatable, we are actively looking at those arenas.
[Jared Holt]  Thomas Weisel Partners: Youre giving a five year free cash flow projection. Im just wondering why you wouldnt give a one year sales and earnings guidance at this point. I mean if you have the visibility five years out on the cash front, why you wouldnt have 12 month visibility on the top and bottom line. Thanks. Thats it.
Robert S. Weiss: Yes, I think thats just the timing of when well move into the mode of saying heres a reasonable range. As you know doing a long range plan things like the dollar movement can radically skew the top line very quickly as learned in June of last year when the dollar really started moving radically. As far as earnings per share is concerned and cash flow, youre right, we directionally know where were headed because we have a good idea of our capital requirements over the long range planning period. But we will certainly give that color when we do the fourth quarter and conclude the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Cooley - FTN Equity Capital Markets.
Chris Cooley - FTN Equity Capital Markets:  I think I just heard you in response to Jareds question that you wouldnt be contemplating a silicone hydrogel daily offering for I believe the word used was several years. With CIBA out now with a single use disposable toric and CIBA and Vistakon both have single use spheres and soak in hydrogelic calendar year end allegedly, I guess just pushing back on your gross margin assumption if we think about 2010 and then being improved in 2011, help me understand whats going to be in that manufacturing? I mean are those six lines remain idle or do you need to retool those lines and bring them back in for that type of R&D work? And if so help us think about the cost both from a retooling standpoint but also from a working capital standpoint. And I have a quick follow up after that.
Robert S. Weiss: It is likely that any single use silicone hydrogel lens will undoubtedly not have alcohol which means it is most likely capable being made on that type of platform, meaning the [Gen2] platform and therefore to answer your question on retooling, I would not envision retooling over that. But we are several years away from that being firm. I think theres the ongoing debate on how big could a single use, silicone hydrogel ever get and why would you do it. Would a person be willing to pay a premium and that debate continues. There is nothing out there thats compelling that says that needles going to move very far if theres a premium cost involved. So far were feeling good directional where were going with one day platform.
Chris Cooley - FTN Equity Capital Markets:  You alluded to maybe kind of revving up the M&A engine, CooperSurgical once again. Would you remind us just what type of hurdle rate youre looking at internally generally when you look at these transactions? I mean in the early days these were Mom and Pops that youd strip out and basically add the product into the reps bag but it looks like increasingly youre going to have to assume some infrastructure related costs. So what kind of hurdle rates are you considering? Help us kind of think about the return that youre seeking on your capital there versus possibly paying down debt faster.
Robert S. Weiss: Yes, our minimum return on investment capital is a hurdle rate of 15%. And keep in mind most of these are still tuck-ins so a tuck-in either into the hospital side, the IVF side or the in-office side. We already have the infrastructure in all three areas to leverage. So its a fairly easy model if you will that were following.
Chris Cooley - FTN Equity Capital Markets:  Just looking through your P&L on a dollar basis, interest expense increased sequentially there yet you reduced debt and had a lower interest rate. Was it just timing there? Was there something else in that interest line? Just help me with the math there.
Robert S. Weiss:  When we idle the equipment, the [front end] two lines and the Avaira line, as a result of that the capitalization of interest that is tagged with construction in progress stops. So it goes straight to the P&L.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Weinstein - J.P. Morgan.
Michael Weinstein - J.P. Morgan:  Let me start just to clarify, the $4.1 million in equipment and inventory that you wrote-off, what specifically did you write off?
Robert S. Weiss: Mike, you cut out. Could you ask that question one more time?
Michael Weinstein - J.P. Morgan:  Yes. The $4.1 million in inventory and equipment that you wrote-off, what did you write off? What inventory did you write off? What equipment did you write off?
Eugene Midlock:  About $1.9 million of manufacturing equipment in the UK. Sorry?
Michael Weinstein - J.P. Morgan:  Im not asking for the breakdown of the financials. Sorry. I was asking more in terms of what products did you write off?
Robert S. Weiss: Mike, it has a lot to do with the restructuring activities where were moving equipment around. In some cases as you disassemble equipment and you plug it in someplace else you may knock a wall out, you may only end up with 80% of the equipment and 20% may get thrown away. So it really reflects some of the activities. Youll recall there was a lot of 2008 activity on the restructuring of the various plants.
Michael Weinstein - J.P. Morgan:  But this is separate from Norfolk, right?
Robert S. Weiss: Correct. Oh yes.
Michael Weinstein - J.P. Morgan:  But you wrote off some inventory. What inventory did you write off? Was it specific products? Was it not? Im trying to understand.
Eugene Midlock: It was a combination, Mike, mainly some dated inventory in Belgium and [inaudible] in our central warehouse. Just a normal process they go through at the end of each quarter.
Michael Weinstein - J.P. Morgan:  On the tax I was confused. I wasnt sure exactly what you were guiding to for tax rate in the fourth quarter. Things like in order to get to the numbers youre talking about were coming out with a 0% tax rate.
Eugene Midlock: Its higher than that, but not a whole lot. About 1%. Thatll get us to the run rate for around 11 or 12 for the year.
Michael Weinstein - J.P. Morgan:  And then I heard your commentary about going forward. So the tax rate versus I guess the initial plan, 11 to 12 versus the 15 and I think this quarter was $0.04. I think for the year like a $0.09 pick up that you have on tax rate. But you do think that your assumption will be going into next year that 11 to 12% goes active roughly 15%?
Robert S. Weiss: Yes, Mike. The only thing really driving the tax rate lower than the targeted is the implications of Norfolk being a domestic event, U.S. event. Which creates a lot of tax benefit and therefore suppresses the effective tax run rate.
Eugene Midlock: Were taking the tax deduction if you will at 39% so it has a fairly significant impact on the rate.
Michael Weinstein - J.P. Morgan:  If I look at your EBITDA line and I look back over the last, I think I was looking just earlier like the last five quarters, if I looked at this quarter your EBITDA was down 6% and over your last five quarters EBITDA is flat. And the back of the envelope math we did on the fourth quarter which youre giving now in tax was just youre guiding to a decline in EBITDA and again in the fourth quarter. Im just trying to think a little bit about next year and you know when do you start growing your actual operating profits, your actual operating profits to start growing EBITDA as a company? And getting back to the question that some people were alluding to with earnings growth next year you know third quarter EBITDA is down, fourth quarter youre guiding to another down quarter for EBITDA. And we roll into next year and with where gross margins are going to start off which is below what the average will be for 2009 and your tax rate is going to go from 11 to 12 to 15, my question is how do you grow EBITDA next year? And then given your tax rates going to jump up on you, how do you grow earnings?
Robert S. Weiss: Well, I think part of it, I think youre doing a GAAP EBITDA and keep in mind a lot of that $25 million is fixed assets. And those fixed assets what will happen is the accelerated depreciation that is charged to the P&L that will hit gross margin, which will lead to an artificially high depreciation because its being written over its remaining useful life. And therefore youre EBITDAs going to look a lot better, vis a vie gross margin number youre looking at.
Michael Weinstein - J.P. Morgan:  Once you get through this with Norfolk youre saying.
Robert S. Weiss: Yes. Well between now and the end of 2010 were accelerating the life of the depreciation of all the assets that are not making the move to the UK or Puerto Rico.
Michael Weinstein - J.P. Morgan: But thats still from an EBIT basis and an earnings basis thats going to put pressure on your earnings next year, so well just step back from backing out the D&A but just thinking about basically your guidance for this year would imply a modest decline in EBIT 2009. Next year your tax rates going up on you and youre accelerating the depreciation and Im just coming back to the question can you grow earnings? And can you grow EPS next year?
Robert S. Weiss: Yes. As we said excluding Norfolk were expecting, emphasis excluding Norfolk were expecting earnings per share to grow faster than revenue next year.
Michael Weinstein - J.P. Morgan:  In last quarters 10-Q we learned that there was a reversal for legal accrual which had helped out that second quarter probably $0.035. Any such items this quarter that we should be aware of?
Robert S. Weiss: Not that Im aware of, no.
Operator: Your next question comes from Amit Bhalla  Citi.
Amit Bhalla  Citi:  Question on the SG&A line and well look at the fourth quarter. If we roll in some of the assumptions that youve talked about it looks like SG&A to meet the guidance you have for the fourth quarter is down in absolute dollars just a tad bit. So I just want to confirm that. And then give me an idea of how the SG&A in absolute dollars should look as we move into 2010.
Robert S. Weiss: Largely the SG&A as we move into 2010 we will continue to target some leverage, albeit modest, 2010 versus 2009. And part of the reason is were looking more to the improvement in gross margin than we are in operating expense ratios in 2010, recognizing that we pushed hard on some things like T&E, salary increases and that nature this year. Having said that going favorable is we did the reduction in force which has the implication of about $2 million a quarter pick-up. Most of that starts moving, we get some of it in the third quarter and that will continue to accelerate into the fourth quarter. For example, we shut down our Canadian operation and integrated it. We now distribute product out of New York instead of Canada. That was effective June, so we have yet to see the full benefit in the quarter of that. There was some ongoing restructuring in Europe that you have yet to see all the benefits of.  So there is even some operating expense ratio leverage next year. But in the context of staying pretty lean this year ratio wise, therell be only modest improvement.
Amit Bhalla  Citi:  So itll be somewhere around the 36% of revenues then. Right?
Robert S. Weiss: Are you talking about SG&A? Yes.
Amit Bhalla  Citi:  Just a housekeeping item here, I just want to understand. Im looking at the P&L for the quarter. Theres a $462,000 restructuring charge below the gross profit line. When you talk about the $4.1 million of restructuring that led to the $0.06, is that $462,000 included there or?
Robert S. Weiss: No.
Amit Bhalla  Citi:  So thats left in.
Robert S. Weiss: That is kind of left over from the reduction in force that we announced in the first quarter. That reflects some activity in Europe thats still being worked on.
Amit Bhalla  Citi:  So youre not excluding that at all for the quarter?
Robert S. Weiss: No.
Amit Bhalla  Citi:  Just on Avaira, can you just give me an idea of where the penetration rates were for the quarter in new fits and total fits?
Robert S. Weiss: I think maybe we can cover that one off line. Ill have to ask you to look it up and were probably running a little long.
Operator: Thank you. At this time we have no additional questions. Ill turn the call back to Kim Duncan for closing remarks.
Robert S. Weiss:  Ill just thank you for joining the call today and our next call will be for the fourth quarter results. That will be on the I believe its the 8th of December, if I have it right. So well look forward to reporting to you results of the entire fiscal year and the fourth quarter at that point in time. Thank you.
Operator: And thanks, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes todays presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-03-06 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Albert White  Vice President of Investor Relations Robert S. Weiss - Chief Executive Officer, Director Eugene J. Midlock - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President
Analysts: Steven Willoughby - Cleveland Research Jeff Johnson-Robert W. Baird  Larry Biegelsen -Wachovia  Joanne Wuensch -BMO Capital Markets Christopher Cooley- FTN Equities Kim- JP Morgan Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan Jared Holt - Thomas Weisel Partners  Peter Bye - Jeffries  [Niquell] - Citigroup 
Operator:  Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to The First Quarter 2009 The Cooper Companies Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. My name is Melanie and I will be your coordinator for today. (Operator Instructions) I would not like to turn the call over to Mr. Al White. Please proceed. 
Albert White:  Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Cooper Companies First Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. I am Al White, vice president and treasurer of investor relations and joining me on todays call are Bob Weiss, President and Chief Executive Officer and Gene Midlock, Chief Financial Officer.  Before we get started I would like to remind you that this call will contain forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market conditions, and planned product launches. Forward-looking statements necessarily depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions as a company to differ materially from those described in forward looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward Looking Statements in todays earnings release and are described in our SEC filings including the business section of Coopers annual report on Form 10-K. These are available publicly and on request from the Companys investor relations department. Now, before I turn the call over to Bob let me comment on the agenda for the call. We will keep the formal presentation to roughly 30 minutes of prepared remarks followed by 30 minutes of Q&A, so the call will last roughly one hour. We request that anyone asking questions please respect the time of other and keep your questions to a minimum so that we may get to as many of the callers as possible. Should anyone have additional questions, please call our Investor Relations line at 925-460-3663 and we will get back to you as soon as possible. As a reminder this call is being recorded and a copy of the press release is available on our web site at www.coopercos.com under Investor Relations. With that let me turn the call over to Bob for his opening remarks.
Bob Weiss: Al thank you, and good afternoon and evening to everyone. I think for starters I will just kind of say in spite of a global recession and a financial crisis, which continues at an unabated pace, this was a great quarter, certainly in my opinion. Some of the key messages I would like you to take away from this conference call today are the following:  This was, of course, a solid quarter from the point of view of our bottom line with results showing $0.53 in earnings per share versus $0.15 in the prior year and $0.45 when we consider last years call outs.  Our top line growth was 3% and 4% in constant currency was at the top end of our guidance range in spite of a weak November that we had talked about previously. Our new launches targeted for calendar quarter ended March 31, have already started, Proclear 1 day in Japan and Biofinity toric has been shipped in the US. Our cash flow is looking much better than we had anticipated. Our Q109 results hurdled a $3.6 million restructuring related cost for a reduction in force and when I say reduction in force I dont mean sales force I mean basically our operating infrastructure. Like every other company in America and for that matter the world take the recession seriously; having said that the industry, consistent with the prior recession, remains recession resistant. Q408 saw contact lenses data showed a respectable 4% of growth worldwide.  We had a solid quarter. We had $251 million in revenue plus 3% and 4% in constant currency. Cooper Vision had $211 million in revenue, 4%, and also 4% in constant currency. Cooper Surgical had $40 million in revenue, up 1%.  Earnings per share of $0.53 compares to the $0.15 for the prior year. Timing of discrete tax items shifted somewhat leaving our effective tax rate for the quarter at 19%. We remain expecting a tax rate for the year at around 15%. Importantly, if you net the four items that weve identified, the $5.4 million accelerated depreciation, $3.6 million of the reduction in force or the restructuring.  Going the other way, other income, which includes $1.8 in the bond buy backs and $6.5 million of foreign exchange, you come out to a ballpark wash on those items, a slight negative of about $1 million; so, the $0.53 remains excluding those items. From the point of new products and the Proclear family, that continued to drive the top line. In spite of the November of 08 hurdle where we finished down in the first month of the quarter, we ended up 4% in actual constant currency. November started down 8% at $69 million worldwide. The drivers of our quarter included single use plus 18% in constant currency and in multi-focal this was also up 18% in constant currency. New products, our silicone hydrogel products were $16.7 million; up more than double the prior year and the Proclear family continues a stellar performance, being 285 of our revenue up 22% in constant currency.  Geographically the Americas was up 1% while Europe was up 6% and Asia Pacific was up 9% all in constant currency. The US is our one issue, if you will, and its one category dimensional which is torics. Torics, while up outside the US +2% were down in the US 9%. There we are addressing the issue and Im happy to say that our new products are, as we indicated, going out the door. Biofinity toric has been launched. We are targeting 6,000 fitting sets in 2009 and 14,000 by 2010 in the US alone. Initial reports are all very favorable. It is too early to give too much feedback, but suffice it to say that were extremely excited about this launch. We expect a much more aggressive rollout compared to any other previous launch that we have done.  We have converted six lines in production for Biofinity, so essentially we have a lot of horsepower from a manufacturing perspective. With these six lines it will allow us to accelerate the launch of a broader range of toric products. In fact, our broader range, our complete range, will be accelerated by between 10 and 11 months. We will put a lot more color behind this rollout in the second quarter conference call. On Japan, Im happy to say that we are rolling out the product in Japan for Proclear 1 day.  The market for the fourth quarter of 08 and calendar 08 remained, as I indicated, recession resistant. Worldwide, for the fourth quarter, the market was up 4% in constant currency and for the fiscal year it was up 6%.  Single use continues strong, it is now 35% of the market, up 6% for the quarter and 10% for the year. Single use in the United States is now 12% of the US market and had a strong 18% growth in the fourth quarter and 20% for the year. While silicone hydrogel is now 32% of the market, it had a strong finish at 23% in the fourth quarter and 25% for the calendar year. I the US the market is now 51% silicone hydrogel and it had 14% growth in the quarter, up 18% for the year. For calendar year 08 Cooper Vision grew 8% in constant currency or 1.4x the growth of the market, so we are gaining market share. As far as cash flow, liquidity, and CapEx is concerned, we had substantial improvement in our operating cash flow and free cash flow, much better from a quarterly perspective than we had expected. We remain confident that we will deliver $50 million of free cash flow for the year and we expect over $150 million of operating cash flow for the year.  CapEx should be below $125 million. Q1 was much better than expected and as a result our debt increased only $9 million to $913 million. Our leverage ratios stay well below the 3  saving us 25 basis points in interest and better yet, in our second quarter our outlook is to be at or close to break even in terms of free cash flow. Strategically we are not delaying any CapEx projects that are required, so that we are not cutting into the muscle of the business or delaying important things in this process. For the perspective of our guidance, although we had a great quarter we are not changing the guidance. We believe this is the prudent thing to do given the economic recession were in and given some of the decisions that the company will be making on cash flow. The revenue range remains $1 billion 30 to $1.1 billion, up 3% to down 3%. Earnings per share are holding at 216 to 236. We are cautiously optimistic in spite of what is going on in the marketplace or in the economy. Clearly after a dismal October and a poor November 3% down, were happy with how December through February have come in.  While the user pipeline isnt expanding, I dont see it as contracting either. Vision correction is not a discretionary spend. Contact lenses are not a discretionary spend. Your eyesight is always an important to you. Having said this, we would like to see another quarter before we get more bullish on our guidance.  Cooper Surgical, our womens healthcare franchise, continues to put up solid operating ratio. While the top line grew only 1% the gross margin is now up to 62%. Cooper Surgicals operating income came in at 23% compared to 17% in the prior year. The hospitals strategy is paying handsome dividends. Hospital products grew 19% to $13.7 million in the quarter and hospital products now account for 34% of Cooper Surgicals revenue. From a strategic perspective and outlook, we have used the recession to get leaner. A reduction in force will improve our operating margins going forward. 2009 will reflect some production cutbacks. These production cutbacks could have a short-term negative impact on our P&L, however a positive cash aspect to it.  Our 2009 growth, however, means our demand continues to grow. This translates to greater through put in 2010 and beyond. We will continue to expand our silicone hydrogel offering. In 2010 we expect to launch Avaira toric. We also expect to launch our Biofinity multifocal in fiscal year 2010 and we will continue to aggressively expand in Asia Pacific. As free cash flow is created dont be surprised to see us making future acquisitions as we get to the later part of this year and into the next year.  Cooper Surgical has been idle for two years and certainly has built the infrastructure that we know we can leverage. As we look to investments we will emphasize a return on investment of greater than 20% in our acquisitions. As we look at CapEx projects we demand a return on investment of in excess of 30% on profit improvement and other ideas. Our focus is return on investment. Our focus is total shareholder return and any acquisition that we make we would look to be accretive by the end of two years. We can get returns leveraging CSIs operating infrastructure. We can get greater returns leveraging CDIs plants and distribution centers.  In summary, before I turn it over to Gene, I want to give you a reminder of the key things to take away: This was a great quarter in spite of the ongoing recession. We had a much better than expected top line. We had better than expected bottom line profits. We had a better than expected operating cash flow and free cash flow. This means that our leverage ratio was also better than expected. We launched Biofinity Toric. We are in Japans huge 1-day market which is 57% single use with Proclear 1 day. We made some tough decisions to stay in front of the economic slow down. The industry is proving yet again it is recession resistant and yes, we are much more bullish today than we were following the October/November two month stall. With that I will turn it over to Gene who will dazzle you with some solid numbers for the quarter. 
Gene Midlock: Thanks Bob, good evening everyone and thank you for joining our earnings call today. I think as Bob articulated pretty well, especially in his summary, we think we had a really excellent quarter for a number of reasons; especially in light of the state of the economy and the continuing turmoil in the credit markets.  I would like to review some of the financial highlights of the quarter, but before I get into the details I would like for you to note that we are continuing to proactively manage our business in this environment. We have deferred or eliminated replacement hiring and postponed and most likely will ultimately eliminate any salary increases across the board this year.  Expenses are being closely monitored and reduced where prudent. For example we have implemented several cost cutting initiatives to minimize the occurrence of expenses not related to serving our customers, and we will highlight these as we go through the details of the P&L.  Capital expenditures have been reduced and in some limited cases deferred. Every project is now reviewed by a central committee of executives from operations and finance and is evaluated on a return on investment basis, depending on the nature of the item. For example if it is a reduction improvement proposal where you expect a two year payback, at this point in time or else it wont hurdle the committees passage where in the past we might have settled for a four year payback. We initiated an across the board restructuring plan, which Bob mentioned, which eliminated a number of positions through out our global organization. In short, we are closely monitoring our cost structure while maintaining continued investments in our strategic priorities. Note that this is not just a short-term exercise, we are also considering the long term, and what is best for the business. I would now like to address certain aspects of our P&L. I wont go back into the revenue, a summary. I think Bob did an excellent job of highlighting both for Cooper Vision and Cooper Surgical. So, I will start with the gross margin. On a consolidated basis gross margin was 57% versus 59% in the first quarter of last year. Cooper Vision had a 56% margin versus 59% in 08 and this decrease is partially attributable to product mix with an increase in lower margin single use lenses, as Bob indicated, growing 20% year-over-year and now for the present 20% of total Cooper Vision revenue. Note however, that most of the gross margin falls to operating margin since the cost to serve, in this particular aspect of our customer base, is very low. In addition, as you will note, we had a $5.4 million charge in Q1 for accelerated depreciation and asset write offs of older technology, equipment thats being taken out of service has had a 2% negative impact on Visions gross margins. Cooper Surgical, on the other hand, increased its gross profit margin to 62% from 60% last year and again, this is partially attributable to product mix with an increase in the sales of the high margin surgical business. In addition they also experienced improvements in manufacturing cost reduction and better labor efficiency including lower over time.  Looking at SG&A we also have a pretty good story there, it decreased by14% from the prior year to $95 million and as a percentage of sale to 38% from 45%. This decrease reflects our cost control procedures. For Cooper Vision selling expenses decreased 10% from Q1 of last year due to a careful monitoring of the distribution of free lenses, decrease of certain marketing and promotional expenses and lower travel expenses. G&A expenses decreased 31% from the prior year and are now 6% of revenue versus 9% and that reflects better cost control in finance IT, HR, and other support functions. Cooper Surgicals selling expenses decreased slightly to 27% of revenue versus 28% last year. This was largely attributable to a refinement of certain marketing activities. G&A decreased by 25% from Q1 of last year, again attributable across the board and the cost of [Cayman] activities and is now 6% of revenue from 8% last year. R&D was essentially flat with last year, equal to 3% of revenue. It did decrease slightly and that is mainly because of, again, cost control and in particular a general reduction in the use of certain professional services and other spending. Bob discussed our restructuring activities. In Q1 we initiated a global restructuring plan and has resulted in a number of positions being eliminated. We anticipate completing this over the next few quarters and the total cost is estimated at this point to be $4.4 million, which largely is severance and other related benefits. In Q1 we reported $3.6 of this amount, $600 of which is reflected in cost of goods sold and $3 million in other operating expenses. We estimate that future savings from this restructuring will amount to approximately $2 million a quarter into the future.  Consolidated operating margin was 13% versus 8% from last year, a 64% increase. Cooper Vision increased to 15 from 11 and surgical increased to 23 from 17. You will note the other income is disclosed in the financial statements that Bob mentioned earlier of $8.1 million which is basically a net gain of $1.8 from the extinguishment of $11 million of our senior ventures and $6.5 million attributable to foreign currency gains which was a result of our annual review of our international capitalization of our various subsidiaries.  I would like to spend a few moments now on the effective tax rate and talk a little bit the potential legislation that may be out there. There seems to be a fair amount of consternation in the last week or two about those items, so I didnt want to address it.  Our effective rate for the quarter was 19% versus 27.5% for Q1 of last year. This is higher than we anticipated at the end of the year when we had shared with you we thought Q1 would be a bit lower. But, the way the accounting literature works for income taxes is that you calculate an effective tax rate on our own rate on a global basis and then you layer in and reduce it by whats called discrete items. In Coopers case mainly its the expiration of the statute of limitations in various jurisdictions which means that it limits the time that a tax authority can come back and do an audit or levy additional taxes.  One large discrete item we thought we had recognized in the first quarter has now been deferred until the fourth quarter of this year, because we have filed an amended return in an [inaudible] Coventry with a change in certain depreciation rules. But we do still expect for the full year an effective tax rate of around 15%. At the risk of messing your models up again, Q2 ought to be fairly consistent with Q1. Q3 will be lower and Q4 will be significantly lower, which will result in that 15% range. Lets talk a little bit about tax legislation. Certainly Mr. Obama, in his budget included language indicating that they are looking at implementing international enforcement and looking at reform deferral. As I am sure everyone is aware, the US tax system does not tax earnings of foreign subsidiaries until it is repatriated, so it is a deferral type mechanism, which is kind of unique, since there are only two countries in the world that do that that I know of. The other is South Korea. Most other countries are on a territorial basis and only tax income when its in jurisdictions.  Deferral has been on the table in the hill for several years now and frankly it is a very difficult area to address. The best thinking out there at this point is that ending deferral is most unlikely. It would certainly decrease the attraction of foreign capital to the United States. It would certainly aggregate 69 double taxation treaties we have with 69 political jurisdictions, so there is some question of when we will ever see them tend to total deferral. Representative Charlie Randall introduced a tax goal in 07 that suggested a way to deal with this is referring tax deductions [inaudible] until it is repatriated into the US. If that is ultimately what takes place, depending on what types of expenses are deferred, it should not be a big issue for Cooper Companies. On Monday Senator Carl Levin, from Michigan, introduced a new version of this called stop the taxation abuse act, which is really a mouthful. It did not contain much on US corporate tax deferral, it only focused on individuals, trust and foreign corporations and there is again a question of if this was ever enacted of what it would do to foreign capital flow in the US. The best guess at this point is that it will be no tax legislation until 2011. The Secretary of the Treasury Timothy Geithner said on Tuesday at the House Ways and Means Committee hearing that revenue raisers in the budget will be delayed until 2011  we are not going to be raising taxes on the American economy until we get through this recession, so at this point all I can say is stay tuned. We are not overly concerned. Certainly there will be some changes, but the way Cooper conducts business 90% of our goods are made abroad, 60% are sold abroad, so we dont see a major [repair] to us. Switching to depreciation and amortization, depreciation was $20.8 million in Q1 and amortization was $4.2 million and included was $5.4 million of accelerated deprecation, as I mentioned earlier. Just touching briefly on liquidity, to conclude, Bob indicated we had $9.2 million of negative free cash flow it the quarter, which was a bit better than we expected. It looks like Q2 could be free cash flow neutral, again, attributable to the various elimination of CapEx as well as cost control and so forth. Our debt increased in the quarter by $8.4 million to $913 million from our year-end in October of 08, but that still leaves us well over $110 million of credit availability. We are still comfortable within our borrowing limitations. As I mentioned to you earlier, our limitation is 4x EBITDA for this fiscal year at 131 at the end of Q1 we decreased the ratio of funded debt to EBITDA from 2.46 at year end to 3.39, so it is clearly going in the right direction. So we are comfortable with our leverage situation and hopefully as the year continues we will generate more free cash and retire more debt. With that I will turn it back over to Mr. White.
Albert White:
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Steven Willoughby with Cleveland. Research
Steven Willoughby - Cleveland Research: First kind of CapEx and kind of cash flow, CapEx of, I think the number was $34 million in the quarter. How much of the CapEx that you were expecting in the January/February time period came in during January rather than February out of how much you expect?
Bob Weiss: Of the $34 million, which represents a roll forward from year-end where we had in excess of close to $60 million of commitments that were coming in, as far as what we spent during the quarter, we were within reason on that number, if you will.
Steven Willoughby - Cleveland Research:  So I guess my question is should the second quarter CapEx be similar, more or less than what the first quarter was?
Bob Weiss: It should be less. In other words, its front ended drop off somewhat in the second quarter and then drop off considerably after the second quarter as all of this equipment has been paid for.
Steven Willoughby - Cleveland Research:  Okay and then regarding the court case and injunction going on in Europe between two of your competitors, will that have any impact on you guys, or what are your thoughts on that impact on the industry overall?
Bob Weiss: Were like sitting on the sidelines, as well as Bausch & Lomb, watching two 500-pound gorillas go after each other. While one may view that benevolence as inconsequential it certainly is a by-product of the European patent office reaching a determination that favors CIBA in the battle. From our perspective the primary target of that litigation was Oasis, which has a higher DK than Acuvue Advance which is germane in Europe. I know there are some views out there that there will be a quick settlement or a piece meal settlement. I can say I will be unbelievably surprised if CIBA, after all of the money they have invested over as many years as theyve invested it, would just kind of roll over and say okay well settle an injunction in the Netherlands. There was some activity today that I kind of set a new milestone date for May for a revisiting of some of that litigation. Suffice it to say that means that between now and May it is unlikely that that will ripen, because J&J still wants to fight some more on that issue within Europe. Between now and May in the Netherlands there will be several other legal activities taking place in France and the UK and I think in Ireland. There is also activity, I think, coming up in Germany. So it is basically a global event. It is not likely, in my opinion that they will settle. Without a total settlement of not only Oasis but also Acuvue Advance which is more germane in the US than it is in Europe.  The benefit to Cooper and the benefit to Bausch & Lomb, we both have a most favored nation status, so whatever is good enough for J&J if they were to settle would be good enough for us. That is not a negative. We can win some out of that, but we certainly cant lose and more importantly I dont see that happening short term and that disruption thats going on obviously works to the benefit of CIBA, as well as Bausch & Lomb, as well as Cooper. 
Steven Willoughby - Cleveland Research:  Okay and then just one real quick question on silicone hydrogels. There has been talk in the past about potential deals with Wal Mart and things like that. Can you just talk about where the private label sides of your silicone hydrogels are and if there is anything going forward that we should keep our eye on?
Bob Weiss:  We are certainly in the mode of doing some selective private labels. Wal Mart is not one at this juncture, but that is certainly one that were open to. You know as long as we create a win, win strategy between the two companies and of course that would kind of sweep in 1-800 which has an alliance with Wal Mart, so if we were to reach an agreement on that I would be all for it. Having said that right now up there is the primary product that Wal Mart has and they do not have a private label with us at this junction.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jeff Johnson with Robert W. Baird. 
Jeff Johnson-Robert W. Baird :  Gene, could you run through the impact hedges have? You talked about the gross margin impact of mix and the write off on the accelerated depreciation, but it looks to me like there had to have been some settlement in both the revenue and the gross margin line or the impact of the gross margin as well there from hedges. Could you go through that?
Gene Midlock: On the revenue side, in Q1 roughly there was a decrease of $8.4 million and on the cost of goods side there was a favorable effect of $5.9 million roughly. We used to designate all of the hedges in cogs, as you know, and then better GAAP accounting treatment placed the hedge and reported the majority of the P&L following the end of the line transactions which were hedging. Thats why we decided to adopt the better method at this point.
Jeff Johnson-Robert W. Baird :  When you say it was down in revenue $8.4 million, I am trying to understand. Without the hedges you would have reported revenue of like $243 is that how I read that?
Gene Midlock: Correct. 
Jeff Johnson-Robert W. Baird :  Bob, was there any load in of Dailies in Japan in the quarter ahead of the Proclear launch, or did that happen in Q2 or will there be any load in happen in Q2?
Bob Weiss: The Q2 transaction.
Jeff Johnson-Robert W. Baird :  And how should we think about size of the load in versus trying to break out the continuing benefit of the Proclear launch?
Bob Weiss: I would say there is a pipeline tail for sure. I would put it in the range of $500,000, $1 million, not a huge sum.
Jeff Johnson-Robert W. Baird :  Could you address the silicone hydrogel, first quarter now were seeing a sequential decline. Is that just market driven? Other factors there on why silicone hydrogel maybe not picking up to the extent we would have thought, in our model anyway. How should we think about the net other line going forward over the next few quarters? Then Bob if you could just provide any insight into what you saw from a market or company specific standpoint in February given the volatility weve seen over the last few quarters. 
Bob Weiss:  As far as the sequential, we have always had a sequential down in the first quarter. So while were mindful on a new product of sequential growth, there are two issues. One is the first quarter always compares poorly with the fourth quarter from the point of view of number of billing days. For example there are only 59 billing days in the US in the first quarter. Next quarter, for example, there will be 64 and then third quarter will have 65. So that plays heavily because of the year-end season if you will. The other thing to be mindful about, sequential and pipeline, one of the important parameters we look at once you launch a new product is, is it moving off the shelf on eye. On that, even though we are happy with the feedback were getting from both Avaira and Biofinity, we are also happy that its moving from shelves onto eyeballs.  The best way to look at that is our market penetration for Avaira more than doubled during the quarter. So sequentially it moved from 0.7% of US markets to 1.5% of the US markets in terms of total fits and importantly it moved from 1% of the market to 2.3% of the market in terms of new fits. New fits being the real indicator of is Avaira getting on the eye and the answer is yes. Why doesnt that translate into a lot of revenue going out the door? It is fairly typical when you have a large pipeline like we had with Wal Mart, close to $4 million, to have that sit there until the sales reps get in there and move the product onto the eyeball.  In that sense were not ecstatic about the sequential or about where Avaira is right now. We are a little disappointed; having said that we will also leverage some of the disruption going on in the market place over the, question mark, over Oasis at least in some of Europe. As far as February is concerned, February is tracked, ballpark about the same as firs quarter so there are neither major pluses nor minuses steady state. I really dont know what happened in the market, we only get CLI data and HPR data on a quarterly basis, as you know, so we wont really see that March 31 in until the end of April.
Gene Midlock: Other income net of special charges Jeff, or just the run rate on other income?
Jeff Johnson-Robert W. Baird :  Yes, just the other income. We hadnt modeled the $8 million this quarter. Is there more of those kind of settlement to come on the FX side or anything else? I just want to make sure Im modeling that correctly.
Gene Midlock: Were not anticipating any at this point. They were kind of run off transactions. Obviously if our debt ventures traded low enough, again we would consider buying more back. At this point it will be hard to estimate. We should not have a currency pick up like that again. That was a result of an exercise we go through looking at short-term debt and capitalization of our nine US subsidiaries, so it is really more of a run off. 
Jeff Johnson-Robert W. Baird : Bob, the $4 million pipeline fill on Avaira; can you just remind us when that occurred?
Bob Weiss: That actually occurred back in May or June.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Larry Biegelsen with Wachovia. 
Larry Biegelsen -Wachovia :  I missed the dial in number for after the call. Could someone please repeat that?
Al White : 925-460-3663.
Larry Biegelsen -Wachovia :  My first question is on the contact lens market. Are you still assuming that the market is going to grow 0 to 4% in constant currency? What is your current FX assumption for Cooper and the market? I think it was -3% and -7% on the last call. Did any of your assumptions change regarding your constant currency growth rates? I think it was 0 % to 6% for Cooper Vision.
Bob Weiss:  I will try to take a shot at that. The market is still anticipated to be in around that 0% to 4% in constant currency and in fourth quarter it came in at 3.9% actually. We came in at the top end of that range. I dont have any indication to think that its going to go negative on us, so I think that range is still a reasonable range in constant currency. The hedging coverage, the impact of foreign exchange in the fourth quarter, into February its about 6%. Right now we are minimizing that a little better than I had anticipated. One of the confusing factors that you will have to keep in mind is that the guidance that I gave was on the predicated assumption we would not restate the prior year or reclassify prior year for comparable presentation. So there will be some impact on the prior year, meaning the $895 million just to keep everything confused, the way the accountants see it. The correct accounting is to take last year and reclassify it for comparability the current year. So that is going to impact us a lot on our year-over-year growth favorably in the equation.  Suffice it to say, right now we are covering better than half of the foreign exchange risk that is out there. Right now it is running at 6%.
Larry Biegelsen -Wachovia :  So the 0% to 6% for Cooper Vision that is that still what your guidance implies? I think you said 0% to 6% constant currency on the last call and you didnt change your guidance, so Im just trying to understand if it changed.
Gene Midlock: The answer is we gave you an absolute dollar amount and that dollar amount stays the same at $1 billion 30 to $1.1 billion. So to your question, the percent growth will go up, I want to say $15.8 million. The prior years total revenue of $895 million will be dropped ballpark $16 million which will then improve those growth rates. That is to allow basically GAAP comparability. Relative to constant currency it doesnt matter, so when I quote constant currency growth I kind of ignore all that accounting stuff in this equation, but it will unfortunately serve to confuse because your historic models are now off by the reclass of hedges.
Bob Weiss:  I would just add a quick thing, for comparability on our website we posted some supplemental revenue information under the IR section. You can go there and see the impact of the hedges on the trailing quarters. 
Larry Biegelsen -Wachovia :  Biofinity total silicone hydrogel sales for 2009, I think on the last call you said somewhere north of $100 million. Bob you didnt touch upon that in an earlier question. Lastly, could you just break out Avaira and Biofinity sales? 
Bob Weiss: As far as our expectation for silicone hydrogel in 2009, ballpark we are still looking at roughly that $100 million. We come in at $17 million will we escalate to that; I tend to think we will but I put a band around it $90 to $110. Partly because on the plus side I think well be a little bit more robust on the toric because of the amount of muscle behind that product, but the package of silicone hydrogel should be reasonably respectful. The break out of Avaira is in around that $3 to $4 million range in the total number, so sequentially its kind of a yawn quarter over quarter and this gets back to the more important gauge from my perspective is its sitting there doing nothing or its getting on eyes. So, I am happy with the on eye piece, I am not happy with the sell through; having said that, I think were taking some steps to put a little bit more attention and muscle behind the Avaira side do the equation. We are not at all displeased with the product in the marketplace in terms of how its reacting to competitive products. We are not happy with the speed of revenue that were recording, but I think those things will come into play.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Joanne Wuensch from BMO Capital Markets.
Joanne Wuensch -BMO Capital Markets:  It looks like the CSI revenue is a little bit lighter than we had expected. In the last conference call you had talked about some economic impact on that. Is that continuing in the quarter or is that just something that happened in the last quarter and were A okay there?
Bob Weiss: That came in at 1% which is we had said potentially they would be break even year-over-year mainly because there is some slowing of office visits and I think that did have some impact on them. They are running lean and mean. I dont see short term that reversing quickly. I think that part is while theyre maybe recession resistant they clearly get some impact from the recession in terms of visit to the doctor. Our hospital business, on the other hand, did very well it was up 19%. We are very pleased there, but in office is a little softer. 
Joanne Wuensch -BMO Capital Markets:  Okay so it is the office thats softer but the hospital business is A okay.
Bob Weiss: Yes. 
Joanne Wuensch -BMO Capital Markets:  My second question has to do more with you talked about disposables being up significantly in the quarter and that impacting your gross margins. When you gave guidance for 2009, shall we be looking for flat gross margins versus the first quarter or upward or downward pressure from here?
Bob Weiss: As far as gross margin, of course we had two events hit cost of goods in the first quarter, the accelerated depreciation and the little bit of restructuring, about $700,000 of restructuring. So they took about a 3% impact on the gross margin. It is quite possible that well accept from $56 I think up to $59. I think there is some risk and the range in our guidance allows for some decisions. When I talk about decisions, there are decisions that could negatively impact gross margin and that would be focusing in on cash flow, managing down inventory. It could mean we take some production lines down and idle them. If we idle them than accounting would continue the depreciation and take it straight to the P&L as an idle facility charge. That would weight on gross margins. Since we basically said cash is king that may be a trade off that were likely to make. If so, in our guidance the one thing that could move us off the top end, there is some built into it, but that might be a pressure point against the top end of the range. 
Joanne Wuensch -BMO Capital Markets:  You were talking about cash flow break even in the second quarter: is this linear? Is this each quarter we should be seeing cash flow get better?
Bob Weiss: Yes. We are still probably marginally even more bullish about our ability to deliver $50 million of free cash flow. Like I said, some of that could penalize the P&L, but cash is king. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Christopher Cooley from FTN Equities.
Christopher Cooley- FTN Equities:  Could you tell us how much was Biofinity toric in terms of launch in the quarter? And I would like to get more comfort as to why you think having a monthly disposable toric in Biofinity helps you stem the tide there. That was a little bit worse in what we were forecasting in terms of the toric in terms of the decline year-over-year in the 1Q.
Bob Weiss:  Biofinity toric in the quarter was minimal. It did go out the door, but really relative to any impact on revenue was inconsequential. As far as why Biofinity, which is a monthly, as you know CIBA is trying to move the market towards that monthly and we still have J&J in the two week space with Oasis and Acuvue Advance for Astigmatism.  Since Biofinity is the product that has really caught on nicely, it has been in the marketplace a little over a year longer than Avaira, its really a halo effect tying a Biofinity sphere together with a Biofinity toric and importantly having the breadth of the product line quicker, were going to put a lot of muscle and belief in that; having said that, we do know that man of the fitters who basically buy a two week prescribes it as a monthly. There is more than a 15% shift, or maybe said a different way, about 25% of those fitters that are buying the two week are not prescribing it as a two week, it is as a monthly. That is a US game and a US only game. In Europe thats not the case and Biofinity is a global product. But, clearly we think there is some halo effect having a good solid Biofinity well accepted out there already on the spherical side that were going to piggy back on.  With Avaira on the other hand, we will come out with Avaira toric. We have deemphasized trying to get it out the door this calendar year. Partly because were putting so much more energy behind Affinity Toric and the breadth of that launch and partly because of cash, because building a fitting set inventory is not a cheap thing to do from a cash flow one of use. So, trying to build Avaira on top of Biofinity about the same time would number one, be expensive and more importantly, until Avaira gets some momentum out there, we are better off waiting and not getting the toric of the franchise, if you will.
Christopher Cooley- FTN Equities:  Could you give us some color around what your expectations are in terms of broad markets for daily disposables? Here in the states do you think they exit the US market flat as percent of sales a 12%, do they gain? I am just trying to get a better understanding of what youre assuming the market does in relation to the growth that youre expecting in your franchise.
Bob Weiss: I know there were a lot of conjectures that the single use market would slow up in the US and worldwide as a by-product of the recession. It certainly does not look like that has happened, at least through the end of December. Never say never, but it seems to have pretty good legs to it and its off of a small base. Its moved from about 8% a couple years ago to 12% now and it had very nice attractive year-over-year growth to it. So, I remain quite bullish about that part of the space and we will see how far it can go. I think the other thing that could continue to cloud that, what is going to win and what is going to lose is who knows what J&J is going to do if they truly start losing enough parts of their franchise with Oasis around the world. They may say you know weve got a very nice single use franchise and lets just reemphasize that more and deemphasize silicon hydrogel until all of the litigation has been settled to their satisfaction, if they ever get to that point. Depending on which way they blow the wind, if their blowing the wind toward single use, they can move the needle not only to the rest of the world, but also the United States.
Christopher Cooley- FTN Equities:  In terms of how you hedge your production and particularly we have seen some pretty significant swings now on the dollar versus the pound. Have you done anything here either at the end of the quarter or at the start of this quarter to take advantage of that and if not is that something that you would contemplate going forward? I am looking at hedging on the production there and thinking in particular what are close. 
Bob Weiss: Just to make sure Im clear, are you asking hedging in terms of foreign exchange or are you talking some other type of hedging?  
Christopher Cooley- FTN Equities:  I am talking about affects, the dollar versus the pound.
Bob Weiss: Well for us there is a natural hedge component of it, meaning to the extent the dollar is strengthening universally against currencies obviously making half of your cost of goods having it in pounds, and it is partly a natural hedge. In this case there was a slight benefit, meaning the pound has done worse than the euro to a degree and that works somewhat to our advantage or it at least helps mitigate the dollar-to-dollar impact on the strengthening dollar, which we do not like from the point of view of our bottom line. I think Ive mentioned in the past that every percent the dollar strengthens, if it were universal around the world, would cost us about a $0.03 per percent. So, we dont like that part of the dollar strengthening. As far as hedging, typically we have hedged 12 months forward picking up a quarter at a time. Given the balance of rates we have actually gotten a little bit more aggressive at starting to lock in on a lot of 2010, which will make our budget life and our planning life easier as we move towards 2010. We are already well beyond 2009 in our thinking. You cant practically go beyond that, so in fact it took a little pushing and pulling with the banks to go beyond a 12 month hedge cycle, but they will go there.
Christopher Cooley- FTN Equities:  Therefore, you think that has helped having more risks? Im just trying to think about getting to the affect on the comps line here. Can you give us some granularity on what you think you pick up from that or [interposing] what is the cost of the hedge? I mean I realize the translation is what youre hedging, but can you give us some color on that?
Bob Weiss: I would say had we not hedged the last two years, flat out we would have done better.  There was lost opportunity because we basically hedged at higher rates, not realizing how far the dollar would go. That can go both ways, so it could be that if the dollar were to weaken for whatever reason, I know it didnt the last few days either, but if it went the other way then thats where we win. What it does allow us to do is have a better visibility on planning for this year and next year as opposed to do we win or do we lose. We just dont want to play the game. We would rather not go to Las Vegas if we dont have to. Hedging allows you a better vehicle to predict and to budget going forward and thats the only thing it does.  Presumably 50% of the time youre going to win, 50% of the time youre going to lose and you really dont care. Youre not trying to guess that to begin with.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Michael Weinstein from JP Morgan.
Kim- JP Morgan: It is Kim here for Mike, but I think Mike is going to join us after another call. I will start with a follow up to Larrys earlier question on the revenue guidance. The guidance is unchanged in terms of dollars, but I think that the initial guidance had called for an annual FX headwind of about 300 basis points. It looks like that is going to perhaps be lower for the full year and Im wondering if this signals a softening of the constant currency forecast. The question is what do you think your FX impact will be for the full year and are you still comfortable with zero to six constant currencies?
Bob Weiss: Maybe there is some confusion on how it ended up, but if you look at the amount of hedged coverage in the first quarter was 100%, not 50%. It was just the opposite; in other words in constant currency we grew 4%. In GAAP dollars we grew 4%. Those two numbers are the same and in the middle of those two numbers is 6% foreign exchange impact. So basically the hedging worked out to 6% differential for the quarter.  That may be a little confusing, but if you take and accept the fact that the GAAP number is 4% and the constant currency is 4% and the only way you get there if you have a foreign exchange hit of 6% is by 100% coverage. Now part of that was induced by the reclassification of the prior year period which we didnt anticipate back in December when I was talking about the initial guidance numbers were against the $895 million 2008 revenue, which is now going to go down by $16 million. The hedges go negative, if you will, on 2008 they go positive, meaning they add to revenue in 2009, they detract from revenue in 2008.
Kim- JP Morgan:  In general are you still comfortable with the 0% to 6% constant currency?
Bob Weiss: Yes.
Kim- JP Morgan:  On the operating lines, the SG&A came in fairly well below what we were looking for. I was wondering if you could highlight the key ways you were able to get that line down. Then one thing you mentioned was lowering your free lenses, so what is your comfort I supporting new product launches but at the same time lowering the free lenss which has historically helped out with those launches.
Bob Weiss: One of the things that would influence operating expenses favorably would be FX. The dollar strengthened, all things being equal, would take all of the off shore operating costs. Lets assume theyre north of 50% and reduce that, so thats one favorable thing. The other favorable has to do with the fact that we have been basically cutting into unnecessary spending. For example in 2009 we froze salaries. Typically a lot of them go in place November 1 and some January 1, so you would have some pick up with that.  We also have a bonus plan that basically says unless you are going to beat 236 and assume you are going to get beyond 236 you dont need to accrue any, because it is only earned when you get to that mark. That would favorably impact it. We also have a hiring freeze that has been spread through out the organization, and then lastly we have the ongoing restructuring. The most recent one, we have not seen the benefit of that yet, but that will reduce our operating costs going forward. It was mainly non-sales force related operating costs. I guess that is about the only area that the sales force has been impacted and all other operating costs, like most other companies, we have put a pretty rigorous dont travel unless it is absolutely necessary.  For a sales guy of course we are going to say, go to the customer. But, when it comes to a lot of discretionary meetings more of those occur over the phone than occur face to face and were not alone in that. 
Gene Midlock: Maybe just to reemphasize what I indicated on the free lenses, what I mean to say was we are just being more careful now to whom we are providing those lenses and making sure that the fitters that get them are actually the ones that are using them. There is not program to not distribute free lenses we are just being a little bit more careful on monitoring it a little more closely.
Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan: This is Mike let me just follow up to make sure Im understanding the different pieces, because really the OpEx is really very different than what we are modeling. So what percentage of your SG&A is outside the US? How does that compare to your sales line?
Bob Weiss: Well it is probably a little over 50%. We obviously have a lot more, ballpark, 50% of our revenue offshore, but having said that we do have some corporate G&A and the R&D. Well R&D is not a balance; there is a fair amount of offshore, but corporate G&A weights away from revenue, if you will. 
Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan:  So you cut your SG&A 13% this quarter and R&D 11%. What is your guidance for the balance of the year on those lines?
Bob Weiss: We are still targeting for basically an operating margin around 16%. Assuming you have a gross margin in the neighborhood of 57 to 58 you would have an operating margin of around 16, so total operating costs a little over 40.
Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan:  Okay so not as significant a decline as in, if my math is right, then is what you saw in the first quarter a fair assumption?
Bob Weiss: I would anticipate that going forward we are going to save $2 million a quarter on our restructuring, so as a percentage of sales it is clearly going to be better going forward than it was in the first quarter. 
Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan:  Where there any accounting changes for 2009 versus 2008 that we should be aware of?
Bob Weiss: No, other than what we just talked about on the reclassification of the hedges in the prior year. 
Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan:  Right and then you had a good discussion earlier just on the tax question, because obviously people are nervous about what the administration is going to do relative to companies that have lower tax rates. As I remember you guys have your intellectual property based out of Barbados, is that right?
Gene Midlock: Correct. 
Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan:  Have you looked at all at moving that? And, if you did have to move your IP out of Barbados, what impact would that have on your tax rate?
Gene Midlock: We wouldnt ever have a reason that I can think of, to move it. If we did based on the way our international structure is there wouldnt be a tax impact. What people on the hill are talking about is people trying to move IP offshore today outside of the US. In that case what would happen is they would value it using a discounted cash flow for 20 years or something and the tax base, which is typically zero because you expensed all of the R&D costs currently for tax purposes. So what would happen is you would have this enormous gain being recognized that you would have to pay current tax on or some type of a royalty float.
Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan:  For back taxes?
Gene Midlock: No, it would be prospective.
Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan:  You are saying you would have a prospective one-time gain, but what would that do to your future tax rate if you didnt have the benefit of having your intellectual property based out of Barbados?
Gene Midlock: Zero to us, we already went through that a decade ago. We paid the tax on the transaction [interposing].
Bob Weiss: [Interposing] we hold certain US rights to Barbados, in other words Barbados had to pay for rights it didnt pay for by developing and when that happened there had to be a fair market value estimate of what  you couldnt just give it to them, you had to sell it to them. So when that occurred it was step up in basis.
Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan: So your tax strategy at the time was to sell your intellectual property to Barbados and at that point you had an adjustment on the fair value of all that IP and all of your R&D?
Bob Weiss: Well it would have triggered a US gain.
Gene Midlock: We pay taxes in the US on the transaction. 
Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan:  At that time but obviously thats lower than what your rate has been since you did that?
Gene Midlock:  That is right. 
Bob Weiss:  Understand, Mike, that a lot of that would have been masked by NOL, so it doesnt mean pay tax for the check, it just means there was a P&L, a taxable income event.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jared Holt with Thomas Weisel Partners. 
Jared Holt - Thomas Weisel Partners :  Bob can you talk about the gross margin, if you adjust for the foreign currency what you think the real run rate of your contact lens business is? Because, at the analyst meeting back in the fall you had talked about 60% ending the year and you kind of reiterated that last quarter. Is that still a number thats feasible for the end of this year?
Bob Weiss: I would say that if you do three factors, if you take out the accelerated depreciation and were not saying that there are not going to be more events the remaining part of the year, I mentioned the idle equipment which will have a drag on gross margin short term until you turn it back on, if you will. The second event had to do with the restructuring, which was only $700,000 and the third event had to do with the hedges. The hedges, the way our current accounting is, given that the hedge is a reasonably large number, I think Gene mentioned the $8 or $9 million that had zero gross margins on it, so it does weight down. But, I think if you put all three together were probably a solid 59. I dont think it would round up to 60.  Sixty is, in a normalized manner where hedges go away, I think were still in that 59 to 61 range. Be mindful of the fact that we still have a big shift going on towards single use which plays negative to that, but having said that, products like getting back into the game with Biofinity toric, overall products that are in the monthly category have a better gross margin than those in the two-week category. So, the fact that Biofinity is doing well and Avaira is doing less well, if you will, is favorable to the gross margin on that front. Net, net, net there is a lot of things in the mix that could influence 2 or 3 points. There is a lot of cost reductions over the next five years. An enormous amount that we have in our pipeline that lead me to believe in spite of a gross margin shift on the 1 day that we may not be out of the realm of staying close to the 60% range going forward beyond an absorption period. I keep coming back to that because hopefully people do understand what I said, that to the extent I will really push hard on maximizing cash flow and Im willing to shut down production lines and reduce inventory levels and not pay the labor costs to build out that inventory, that will favorably impact cash flow, but negatively impact the gross margin.
Jared Holt - Thomas Weisel Partners :  Are you talking about the low yield Biofinity lines that you would shut down? Can you be more specific on which production lines you would take out?
Bob Weiss: It could be any of the above. In other words, if I make plenty of Avaira, if I make plenty of Biofinity, if I make plenty of single use Proclear, it is pick and choose. I dont mean to single any one. We have inventory levels that are still, even thought they came down a little during the quarter, they are still pushing eight months and if I said the ideal should be six to seven, six and a half months, then its a matter of how do you work them down? Do you let sales growth work them down or do you do something more draconian? To the extent I do something more draconian I will come down faster. 
Jared Holt - Thomas Weisel Partners :  Okay. You look at your silicone hydrogel performance over the past year or so and I think everyone would agree it has been pretty disappointing. So, I am just curious why your expectations are pretty bullish for Biofinity toric when these products are normally harder or more difficult to get patients to switch out of
Bob Weiss: Well I think the prime example is when Air Optics for astigmatism came out there was a lot of movement within that space. When Oasis came out there was a lot of movement. Where as in the past the story was, and it was very accurate, that doctors were reluctant to switch patients that had astigmatism; thats true in the 90s it has been true in the early part of this decade, but it is no longer true. The fitting of contact lens that called a toric is very much no longer that specialty unique thing in the United States. It is more, I dont want to call it a commodity, because there is an art to it, but a lot of people know how to do it and the matrix are a lot easier.  So that being the case it is easier to have a shift if people like a product line and there are a lot of doctors that love Biofinity. They already know what that material is. They are hardly waiting for the toric piece of it because they fit a lot of torics, so some of it is easy achievement. The harder part might be winning new customers, having a more complete product line. We wont have the full complete product line until next fiscal year when we have a multifocal Biofinity, a toric Biofinity and a seer. 
Jared Holt - Thomas Weisel Partners :  Lastly on cash flow, the -$9 million you did on free cash flow, was that within what you thought you would do? I know you didnt give guidance for the first quarter, but was that [interposing].
Bob Weiss: It was a ballpark $20 million better. 
Jared Holt - Thomas Weisel Partners :  The $8 million in the FX gain for the foreign currency transaction, is that a cash gain
Gene Midlock:  Yes that would be a settlement of contracts against us, so that would be a cash gain. The offset would be in your cost of goods, so our manufacturing, but yes, that would be a cash gain. 
Jared Holt - Thomas Weisel Partners :  Okay so excluding that it would be -$17 roughly.
Bob Weiss: You had a $5.8 million in your cost of good also; keep in mind that would have gone the other way.
Gene Midlock: Are you referring to the FX gain that we separately identified from the [interposing].
Jared Holt - Thomas Weisel Partners :  I am looking at the other line.
Bob Weiss: You mean other income?
Gene Midlock: Yes, thats not cash. 
Jared Holt - Thomas Weisel Partners :  Oh thats not cash, yes. Okay thanks. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Peter Bye with Jeffries. 
Peter Bye-Jeffries :  Back on the operating expense line, traditionally youre front end loaded on operating expenses. I understand maybe the reluctance to take it up given the historical track record and the economic environment. I know it comes down to a little bit of the percent of sale, but not nearly as dramatically as your historical numbers did. You were always very, very front end loaded as a percent of sales on OpEx. What goes on in the back half of this year on spending, or how is the gain in spending this year different than past years?
Bob Weiss: I think there are probably two things going opposite ways from the point of view of the restructuring endeavor, which is ballpark north of 150 people all up and most of those are in the operating expense lines. So the run rate savings on that going forward from early in the second fiscal quarter, were not 100% done, but it will start phasing over at least a couple of months. That is about $2 million run rate, once we get, lets say the third quarter will have the full benefit of north of a $2 million operating expense savings. On the flip side, could be as you revenue goes up, so will fitting sets and things of that nature and sales commissions that track revenue. So, in absolute dollars there will be some upward pressure. As a percentage of revenue we should do reasonably well on that. The only other event that would obviously influence it is if we got to a comfort zone where we were accruing the bonus to bonus would suddenly enter the operating expense line item as operating cost. That is intended to self-fund, but that could play into the percentage of sales calculation.
Peter Bye-Jeffries :  What kind of numbers, Bob, again?
Bob Weiss: Its a bonus that if earned fully would be about $0.15. To put it another way, to get to $237 we would need to earn $251 before we [interposing].
Peter Bye-Jeffries :  Right, right, I got it, thats actually pretty helpful on that. Then just going back to the disruptions, obviously I dont think your guidance includes continued disruptions from J&J or CIBA but maybe to counteract here, I mean Bausch fought CIBA forever. They took them to court, they actually got kicked out of the US, and CIBA still settled with them. Why wouldnt CIBA be just as amenable to and wouldnt the courts force them, since theyve already offered two licenses arent they required to offer a license to J&J even if J&J goes to the mat on that front/ Second, just on that, I know its a small market and we had heard that CIBA sales guys were calling other distributors saying that the injunction was across Europe. Did you hear that as well? Did you get benefits outside of the Netherlands just because of the miscommunications from sales people from it, that it wasnt just an injunction in the Netherlands?
Bob Weiss: There is no doubt Europe understands what is going on. We dont need to do much. CIBA is obviously the aggressor here and their being pretty vocal and thats fine with us. Why wouldnt they reach a quick settlement? J&J has a billion dollars of silicone hydrogel to sell and Cooper and Bausch & Lomb have most favored nation. Would CIBA take that number and collect a royalty on it? Who knows? They fought so long and hard, they sunk in so much litigation costs.  The thing that is going to complicate settlement quickly is, is it global, or is it only select countries? I seriously doubt that CIBA would do piece meal. Is it Oasis only, or is it Oasis and Acuvue Advance? In certain countries that arguably might only be Oasis, but even that is disputed. There are so many disputes that deal with major, major dollars and they have so much vested energy in it, I dont see it going easily even if the courts say you sure you guys cant get together and fix this.  The battle is not just in one country called the Netherlands, it is all over, and it is an immensely complicated thing. For those of you that may have remembered VISX and the Summit in the Excimer business in the 90s that battle was unbelievable for a good eight nine years and finally I the US there as a lot of push pull that it took to settle anything under 4 point.
Peter Bye-Jeffries :  I guess the US court case starts in March and usually US courts dont give injunctions right away, they let it go. J&J is weakest in Europe, but of their silicone hydrogel sales what is your estimate of what J&J does in Europe for Oasis Acuvue? Mostly, like you said, it is mostly Oasis, but what is a decent number? Because we are getting a lot of core decisions over the next couple of months, so I was just wondering what maybe the opportunity was if you get further injunctions?
Bob Weiss: Theyve been going hot and heavy in Europe recently. I would say their total market share in Europe was probably around 20%, of that. The better half is probably single use, but its still a pretty big number. If you take all of Europe and give them 20% share, lets say thats $250 million range, at least that, and then you take half of that, at least $125 million or something like that. That is a real rough guess estimate, but they have arrived and theyve been putting on a big push in Europe to, because that is CIBAs playground, if you will, and they decided they had arrived on their doorstep.
Operator:  Your final question comes from Amit Bhalla with Citigroup. 
Niquell - Citigroup: Hi, its Niquell for Amit. Where there any cosmetic sales in the quarter?
Bob Weiss: We, like CLI, have pretty much eliminate that line item. The CLI stopped reporting it and I think that was probably CIBA that decided that since cosmetic sales were going the way of the dinosaur that they would stop reporting the negative growth in that space. So, we finally gave up instead of trying to conjecture what it was.  Our cosmetic sales have always been pretty inconsequential. If there were some they are dumped into the other line. Also, they are spherical anyway.
Niquell  Citigroup:  For the Japanese market, are you guys seeing consumers there behaving kind of in a similar pattern as here in the United States as far as destocking?
Bob Weiss: The Japanese market is kind of at the tail end catching up with the US a little and so its softening a little, but several months later than the US I would say. The rest of Asia is doing really well, but I think to answer your question, there is probably some effort to cut back from, I dont know that they buy a year supply the way some of the programs here in the states are geared more towards two weeks and monthlies than the single use modality. Single use modality typically is weighted a lot less towards you buy a full year. So, to answer your question, and it is pure speculative, there is probably some little element of that, but not a big element.
Niquell  Citigroup:  So there is no negative impact to Proclear 1 day in Japan then?
Bob Weiss: No, I dont think so. 
Niquell  Citigroup:  Thank you. 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude our Q&A session. I would like to turn the call back to management for any closing remarks.  
Bob Weiss:
 : On that note, I want to thank you again. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in todays conference. That does conclude the presentation. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-12-09 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Albert White  VP IR Robert Weiss  CEO Eugene Midlock  SVP & CFO 
Analysts:  Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets Michael Weinstein  JPMorgan Steven Willoughby  Cleveland Research Jared Holt  Thomas Weisel Partners  Peter Bye  Jefferies & Company Larry Biegelsen - Wachovia  Jeff Johnson  Robert W. Baird Christopher Cooley - FTN Midwest Securities Amit Bhalla  Citigroup  
Operator: Welcome to the Cooper Companies fourth quarter 2008 and fiscal year 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the presentation over to Mr. Albert White, Vice President.
Albert White: Good afternoon and welcome to Cooper Companies fourth quarter and full year 2008 earnings conference call. I am Al White, Vice President, Treasurer, and Investor Relations and joining me on todays call are Robert Weiss, Chief Executive Officer and Eugene Midlock, Chief Financial Officer.  Before we get started I would like to remind you that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market conditions, and planned product launches. Forward-looking statements necessarily depend on assumptions, data, or other methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions as a company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward-Looking Statements in todays earnings release and are described in our SEC filings including the business section of Coopers Annual Report on Form 10-K. These are available publicly and on request from the companys Investor Relations department. Before I turn the call over to Robert let me comment on the agenda for the call. Robert will begin by providing some highlights on the quarter then get into specific details including new products, product launches, the market and guidance. Following Roberts remarks Eugene Midlock will comment on the fourth quarter financial results. We will then open the call for questions.  We will keep the formal presentation to roughly 30 minutes followed by 30 minutes of Q&A, so the call will last one hour in total. We request that anyone asking question please limit yourself to one question so that we may be able to get to as many callers as possible in the allotted time. Should you have any additional questions following the call please call our Investors Relations line at 925-460-3663 and we will get back to you as soon as possible. As a reminder this call is being recorded and a copy of the press release is available on our web site at www.coopercos.com under Investor Relations. With that let me turn the call over to Robert for his opening remarks.
Robert Weiss: Thank you Albert and good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. I think probably the real caption here is in spite of the economy, in spite of the financial crisis, and in spite of a strengthening dollar, we had a great quarter.  In keeping with our most recent tradition were going to stay focused on trying to deliver a 30-minute presentation and 30 minutes of Q&A as Albert indicated. The key takeaways, the key messages that I hope you walk away from this call with are as follows. A strong fourth quarter, the market was strong in spite of a dismal October. We continue our best in class rollouts trading up patients that are out there with Proclear 1 Day, with Avaira, and with Biofinity. We grew at 1.4x the market for the 12 months ended September 30 which is the most recent data.  In constant currency the market was up 7% and we were up 10% for the 12 months ended September 30th. Our gross margin hit 60% for the fourth quarter and in fact, CooperVision achieved 61%. Our earnings per share was $0.65 and importantly there were no callouts.  From a liquidity point of view, our liquidity is solid. We have $178 million of capacity and $138 million under our revolver as of October 31. Our fourth quarter operating cash flow was $41 million. Our free cash flow $18 million and we paid down debt of $23 million.  Our CapEx expansion program is winding down and we expect to have it substantially completed by mid-2009, by April. New products are on track or ahead of schedule. Our Proclear 1 Day, we have approval in Japan and will launching it in calendar first quarter of 2009 which is slightly ahead of schedule. Biofinity toric will launch, its on track for the first calendar quarter of 2009 also.  A solid fourth quarter in spite of a weak October, we reported $269 million in revenue up 6% in actual and in constant currency. CooperVision reported $224 million, up 6% also actual and constant currency. CooperSurgical with revenue of $44.7 million was up 7%; all of that is organic growth.  Our earnings per share GAAP and non-GAAP were both $0.65 and once again we had no callouts. We did have a lower effective tax rate of only 11% which reflects a weak US market and strength outside the US in terms of profitability.  For the year recognizing this is the end of the year results, we broke through the $1 billion revenue barrier with $1.063 billion in revenue, up 12%, 8% in constant currency. For the year we reported GAAP net income of $65.5 million compared to $11 million loss in 2007, also GAAP.  For the year our GAAP earnings per share was $1.43 compared to $0.27 loss last year. On a non-GAAP basis our earnings per share was $2.26 this year compared to $2.12 last year.  As far as new products, in the Proclear family they continue to drive the top line. Biofinity revenue achieved $15 million for the quarter and remains at an annualized rate of $60 million. We today had adequate capacity. Weve expanded the range of Biofinity to include the pluses and high minuses and we now have extended wear approval which we recently got this past week.  Avaira is gaining some momentum in the US in the two-week space. We will expand its range in Q1 fiscal 2009 with pluses and high minuses also. The production ramp up of Avaira has been excellent. The Puerto Rican high volume production is exceeding two million lenses a month and we continue to rollout fitting sets in excess of 9,000 at year-end so were over half the way to our targeted 17,000 fitting sets.  As far as the Proclear family is concerned it remains strong, up 21% in constant currency worldwide and it now accounts for 27% of CooperVisions revenues.  Proclear 1 Day, Avaira, and Biofinity had aggregate sales of $28 million for the quarter and now accounts for 12% of CooperVisions revenue. Geographically there were no surprises. We made great strides in the Asia Pac market, up 19% in constant currency. Europe was up 7%, likewise constant currency. The Americas is impacted by an October decline, softened to only 2%. Importantly the US market reflected a dead October, down 10% for the month of October. One more important point we are trading up our customer base and by that I mean the new customers that were achieving as well as those that we are getting within the silicone hydrogel space are higher revenue per patient. Both the 1 Day and silicone hydrogel represents more profit per patient in terms of our targeted end point and by that I mean is we expect to continue to reduce costs in both of those areas, the 1 Day modality with Proclear as well as in our silk and hydra gel lenses.  Our silk and hydra gel represents today 8% of revenue compared to 2% in the fourth quarter last year and our 1 Day modality represents 20% of revenue compared to only 16% in the prior year. As far as future products, they are on track or slightly ahead of schedule. Proclear 1 Day once again got approval to launch in Japan. We are now putting the necessary product codes on it and will be launching in the first calendar quarter of 2009. Keep in mind that Japan is a huge market, well in excess of $1.2 billion, 57% of that market is 1 Day so Proclear 1 Day will hit that sweet spot of the market.  Biofinity toric production is proceeding well. We now have product inventory, we produced inventory for over half of the SKUs, stock keeping units, for the launch. We remain on track for our calendar Q109 launch and we are still targeting for the end of calendar 2009 for Avaira toric launch.  With these launches we will have rounded out our offering with silicone hydrogel and non-silicone hydrogel products.  Lets talk briefly about the market, in calendar 2008 the third quarter ended September 30, surprisingly solid results. The Q3 numbers were the strongest quarter of the year, 6.8% growth in constant currency. During the same period we were up 8.7% so we grew 1.3x the market for the calendar quarter ended September 30. Note that October did us in if you will with the decline in the market for October. Of course we will not have fourth quarter data for the marketplace well until February so its a long way off before we get our next hard market share data in movement.  Q3 by region, the Americas was up 7.3%, Asia Pac 5.2%, and Europe up 7.6% all in constant currency. By product silicone hydrogel was up 25%, 1 Day was up 11%, torics were up 10%, and multifocals a strong up 14%. Silicone hyrdogel now equals 32% of the entire market and 1 Day modality equals 34% of the entire market.  Brief comments about gross margin operating income and callouts, thats right, there really were no callouts in the fourth quarter. During the quarter we achieved 60% gross margin and I might point out that CooperVision actually had a 61% gross margin. More importantly our operating income was 18%, our GAAP operating profit was $47.5 million compared to a loss in the prior year. The shift to the 1 Day reflects a profit per patient upgrade. The shift to silicone hydrogel reflects a trading up to a higher revenue per patient. And once again our products are targeting those patients that are already wearing silicone hydrogel lenses. Those that have been wearing Proclear for years and years, were not trying to switch them over and theyre not likely to switch over. They like the non-silicone hydrogel modality.  With 1 Day however while our gross margin goes down our operating income will remain solid. Our focus remains going forward on OI, earnings per share, and free cash flow. Capital expansion and cash flow and liquidity, lets talk about that briefly.  Cash flow and free cash flow was better then expected for the fourth quarter. Our operating cash flow was $41 million, our free cash flow $18 million. Debt was reduced to $905 million and keep in mind as of the end of April it was $941 million.  So overall there was a decline in debt for the fourth quarter of $23 million. Importantly we are nearing the end of our capital expansion program. Five more lines of [inaudible] and one Avaira line meaning the second Avaira line will be in place by mid fiscal 2009. As far as, weve had $50 million of CapEx representing those projects that will roll out of 2008 into the first half of 2009 and thats why in fact our CapEx for the fiscal year 2008 was $50 million down from earlier estimates. Our maintenance CapEx going forward will come in around $30 million and then beyond that it will be mainly expansion cost savings and low volume automation and then we will have some costs going into the IT arena to be determined as far as how aggressive and what timing. Its true weve pushed some CapEx out of this year. We did it because we didnt need the equipment earlier and were more aligning the timing of the receipted equipment in order to maximize interests savings or cash flow as well as align it with our needs in terms of capacity requirements.  We have $178 million of credit available, $138 million under the revolver. Keep in mind that our requirement is we can borrow up to 4x our EBITDA and one of the things about our deleveraging for the quarter is it allowed us to reduce our funded debt to EBITDA which saves us 25 basis points on our line of credit.  So we are financially solid as we move into 2009. Some comments on guidance, guidance is a little trickier issue certainly because of the strengthening of the dollar as well as the recession were now in.  As you know the dollar strengthened against the pound, the euro and the Canadian dollar, its strengthened 24% against the pound, 20% against the euro and 18% against the Canadian dollar since really we were talking in mid-June. So since June its all downhill for foreign currencies. This has an impact on our model excluding hedging of about 1% equaling $0.03, or said another way, a 10% strengthening of the dollar would have a negative impact on us of $0.30. Now weve been able to hedge half of that but built into our guidance is about $0.15 charge for foreign exchange being half of that.  The combination of the FX impact and the recession weve given a broader guidance then perhaps in the past, revenue CooperVision $865 million to $925 million, a plus three to a minus three. Surgical $165 million to $175 million, a plus four to a minus 2% growth year-over-year.  All the Cooper Companies, $1.030 billion to $1.1 billion, up three to down three.  Within that the currency impact is overall around 4% to 5% as a negative so backing those out you would see constant currency impact. Our earnings per share guidance range of $2.16 to $2.36 plus four to minus four. That reflects what I mentioned about the negative impact of foreign exchange and also represents a fair amount of concern for the current softness in the market that has been exhibited in the last two months of October and now into November.  We expect operating income for 2009 to come in around 16% which will be four percentage points above the GAAP this year, about equal with the non-GAAP this year. And we expect to achieve $50 million in free cash flow for 2009. We are managing 2009 for cash and earnings while gaining share with our new product rollouts. We will use hiring freezes, salary freezes and also have a select reduction in force throughout the year. Nothing compared to many companies out there which have not gone restructuring like we have over the last four years.  But having said that there are still some pockets of reduction in force that we will plan on.  Looking at CooperSurgical, our womens healthcare franchise it came in with a solid 7% growth for the quarter, all organic. We continue to go slow with mergers and acquisition activity reflecting our desire to preserve cash. CSI continues to contribute solidly to operating ratios with gross margin of 59% for the quarter compared to 58% last year and an operating margin of 22% for the quarter compared to the prior year. For the fiscal year CooperSurgicals EBITDA was $40 million and its free cash flow $20 million so it is a major contributor to our cash that we generate in the company. The hospital strategy continues to perform well. Hospital product sales remain up a strong 18% for the quarter and hospital product sales now account for 30% of CooperSurgical. In summary before I turn it over to Eugene, remember the key takeaways, a strong fourth quarter. The market has been strong in spite of a dismal October. We continue our best of product rollouts Proclear 1 Day, Avaira, and Biofinity. CVI gained share and was 1.4x the growth of the market for the 12 months ended September 30, the last reported data point where we grew 10% compared to the market of 7% in constant currency.  We achieved gross margin of 60% for the quarter and our earnings per share did exclude callouts and achieved $0.65. Our liquidity is solid with $138 million available under our revolver. We had operating cash flow and strong free cash flow for the quarter and paid down $23 million of debt.  Our CapEx expansion program is winding down and will be essentially completed by April 30 and we remain on track and slightly ahead in the case of Proclear 1 Day for our new product rollouts.  And with that Ill turn it over to Eugene on the financial side.
Eugene Midlock : Thank you Robert and good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining our Q4 earnings call. As Robert indicated we had a really solid quarter and especially in light of the adverse economic conditions as well as the unprecedented increase in the strength of the US dollar. Id like to briefly review some of our financial results. I think Robert covered most of them and Ill just highlight a few but before I start that I wanted to talk a little bit about our liquidity. There were some rumors floating around a few weeks ago in the market that we were in danger of violating our debt covenants and so forth. Id just like to set the record straight; thats not true. Ill reiterate, Q4 we had $18.4 million of free cash flow, we reduced debt by $23 million. We only drew $511 million of our $650 million revolving line of credit. We are comfortably within our borrowing limitations and not in danger of violating any debt covenants. Our credit limitation for 2099 is 4x trailing four quarters EBITDA and the multiple increases to 3.75 in fiscal 2010. Again there was some confusion on that point out in the street as well.  At 10/31/08 we were at a ratio of 3.46 on the debt to EBITDA. This allows us to reduce our borrowing rate by 25 basis points because were now at LIBOR plus 1.25 so around 3%. This will allow us to save approximately $325,000 in interest in Q1.  As Robert indicated we have an extreme amount of borrowing capacity, a lot more then we would anticipate using in any particular quarter. Also note that we are proactively managing our business in this recessionary environment.  As Robert indicated we are deferring, postponing and may eliminate all salary increases. We have put a hiring freeze on so were not doing any replacement hiring. Expenses are being cut and for example travel is restricted, only that necessary to serve our customers.  Were looking at cost savings opportunities, minimizing capital expenditures, and were also looking at some restructuring which will result in the downsizing of certain positions throughout our global world. CapEx was reduced in 2008 by roughly $65 million and it will defer a portion of which into 2009. So again in short were proactively taking all the steps we believe are necessary to effectively manage the business in these hard economic times and to maintain our positive cash position.  Id like to go into some of the financial highlights now, again no callouts. We finished with those. They have worked their way through the profit and loss statement so in Q4 there are none. Robert touched on revenue, we had a strong quarter, $268.8 million, an increase of 6% over 2007 in both actual and taxable currency.  For the year we had a record revenue of [$1.63 billion] up 12% over 2007 and 8% in constant currency. Turning to gross margin on a consolidated basis, 60% compared with 46% in Q4 of 2007 versus 61% in Q4 last year on a non-GAAP basis.  For the year it was 57% versus 55% in 2007 on a GAAP, 60% versus 62% on a non-GAAP. CooperVisions gross margin was actually 61% compared with 44% in the fourth quarter of 2007 and 61% on non-GAAP. This reflects the recognition or the realization of lower manufacturing costs we kept talking about last year that would hit our profit and loss statement as the inventory turned. So it further emphasizes that I know there was some doubt about these excess manufacturing costs that we identified as callouts but this really serves as the proof of the pudding that they actually were accurate. We lost a little margin because of a change in mix to single use but again were not unhappy about that because those sales fall right all the way to the operating income. For the full year CVIs full year GAAP gross margin was 57% versus 54% in 2007, 60% versus 63% on non-GAAP.  And I guess one of the major impacts we suffered such that other companies like [Merck] we got a press release on it in fact, we were hit pretty hard by the drop in the currency and hopefully that will stabilize as we go forward.  CooperSurgicals gross margin was 59% up from 58% in the fourth quarter of 2007, and was 59% for the year unchanged from the prior year. Consolidated SG&A in Q4 decreased by 4% to $101.3 million from Q4 of 2007 and decreased as a percentage of sales to 38% from 41%.  For the full year SG&A increased by 5% on a GAAP basis but decreased to 40% of sales from 43%, non-GAAP SG&A decreased from 405 to 39%. [Selling] expenses decreased by 1.3% from Q4 of 2007 and are 28% of sales versus 30% in 2007.  And this is largely attributable to our enhancement of [factoring] cost and the lower cost of the free lenses and the fitting sets which reflected marketing expense.  For the year, selling expenses increased by 9% over 2007 but decreased as a percentage of sales to 30% from 31%. G&A expenses decreased by 9% to $25.9 million from $28.6 million in Q4 of 2007 and by 5% for the full year, $208.5 million. Again this is attributable to reduced litigation costs and a better levering of our administrative services. Consolidated R&D in Q4 decreased by 1% from 2008 and was 3% of sales versus 4% in 2007. Year-over-year R&D decreased by 11% and was 3% of revenue versus 4% in 2007 but and I cant get through one of these without talking about callouts, as you recall CooperSurgical had incurred in 2007 the two acquisitions and had written off some fairly significant amounts of in-process R&D.  The adjust for those are R&D expense on a year-over-year basis increased by 8.5%. The effective tax rate, in our analyst discussion since September we had indicated it would 26.5% subject to fluctuations in geographic earnings of income and so forth and we really saw a massive change in October.  Products made in the US sold in the US, products in EMEA dropped considerably so our profitability in those high tax jurisdictions dropped and accordingly the taxes we incurred also dropped as a percentage.  In addition we updated our global economic transfer pricing analysis in Q4 resulting in more of our profits being shifted to lower tax jurisdictions. So the effective rate was 11.4% in Q4 and 14.1% for the full year.  The operating margin as Robert indicated was 18% versus a negative 2% in 2007 and for the year operating margin was 12% versus 5% last year.  Lastly I did want to mention that there is a fairly significant amount of non-cash expense in our results and thats mainly amortization and for Q4 it was roughly $4.1 million or $0.09 a share and for the full year it was $16.8 million or $0.36 a share so it really does skew the results considerably.  So with that Ill conclude and turn the program back over to the operator and take your questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets
Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets: Just wanted to start with some more discussion around the tax rate, it was quite a bit lower then we thought it would be, I think I understand the reasons but how are you thinking about that going forward given that were still kind of in the same boat with the currency. 
Robert Weiss : We have always seen that aside from discrete events that take place throughout the quarter we expect a range of 14% to 16%, ballpark 15% as a effective tax rate run rate. The accounting for taxes now on a quarter by quarter gets pretty jumpy for a variety of reasons with the new accounting. Eugene made two or three comments that certainly impact it but keep in mind one of the heaviest weighting impacts would be the part of our business that really crashed in October was the US market. The US is of course a US tax payer and so there was a pretty drastic shift that being one of the reasons for the shift of profits between the US and the non-US component. 
Eugene Midlock : Were expecting a run rate next year for the year of 15% approximately but note as I mentioned its going to be lower in Q1 as well as Q4 of next year because of discrete items. Q2, Q3 should be higher but it will average out to that 15% range.  Hopefully things have stabilized and again the big impact was the US market just totally tanked. We did not obviously dial that in our forecast when we gave you the rates earlier.
Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets: Further to that weve talked about the contact lens market being pretty recession resistant can you talk a bit more about what youve seen in October and November and how and why maybe it tanked?
Robert Weiss : I used that term kind of liberally but weve always said the market is resistant and it really is when you compare it to a lot of what you see going out in the country today, the auto industry, real estate, all the others.  Having said that the US market in fact did decline 10% for the month of October, worldwide our revenue was down in constant currency 2% in October, worldwide our constant currency was down 2% in November.  We are seeing a little move out of that in December but not enough to say a strong trend is developing. What really happened in October I think we all understand people turned numb and they stopped buying in the United States and I think were seeing some mind set in dealing with the customer with the practitioner where patients that maybe used to buy 12 months supply are now buying six month supply, very reluctant to buy that extra six.  So theres some collapsing of the pipeline thats going to take place. How long it will last, will it last two months, four months, six months, dont know. Our guidance obviously is, put a degree of conservatism into it but quite frankly were in, to some degree unchartered waters in terms of just how bad October was for the US economy in general.  Having said all that I truly believe the combination of all the new products that weve recently introduced and expanded and those that were introducing will give us some face of a buffer in dealing with it and it wont really be until February until we get the next meaningful data point on the market be it the HPR data, which is Health Products Research, that we look at domestically or number of other data sources including the contact lens institute that we all belong to. So that reading wont really be here until February and between now and February were going to do a lot of conjecturing more then having scientific exact information. I think its important to remember that contact lens wearers are not going to go away just because theres a recession. This is a medical device that theyre suddenly not going to throw away their relatively low cost contact lenses for expensive frames so we expect that it will not be a huge impact, never has been, and its not likely to ever be. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein  JPMorgan 
Michael Weinstein  JPMorgan : Obviously the environment you described in October, November is fairly disconcerting as we think about the business as you came up with your guidance for 2009 what was the constant currency growth rate that you were assuming in the EPS guidance. 
Robert Weiss : Weve impacted our revenue by 3% currency. The other portion meaning the market in total is going to take 7% hit for the marketplace worldwide constant currency. So were assuming that the market is around 2% to 4% in constant currency. 
Michael Weinstein  JPMorgan : So youre assuming worldwide market growth of 2 to 4% in constant currency in the next fiscal year.
Robert Weiss : Correct, offset by 7% currency hit meaning a declining market in GAAP dollars. 
Michael Weinstein  JPMorgan : And that would relative to what you saw in October, that would assume some reacceleration?
Robert Weiss : Make sure Im clear on that
Michael Weinstein  JPMorgan :  Im talking constant currency, forget currency.
Robert Weiss : Yes in constant currency we were down 2% in October. Im not assuming that, thats the only thing we have. We dont have data on the marketplace so wed be conjecturing, did the market go down more or less then that 2% we were down worldwide. We were down 2% in November in constant currency again.
Michael Weinstein  JPMorgan : So that guidance for fiscal 2009 does assume some recovery relatively to obviously October, November. 
Robert Weiss : That is correct.
Michael Weinstein  JPMorgan : Help us if you would, one on CapEx spending for 2009 particularly the first half of the year.
Robert Weiss : We have guidance for capital spending next year of $125 to $140 million. We rolled out of this year $50 to $60 million of projects that at one point in time were included in the 2008 projections and we did that working real hard with vendors in pushing those capital projects out particularly for the single use lens which is five [gen 2] lines with a total value of $60 million and the one or the second Avaira line which is $30 million piece of equipment. So there was $90 million of which we pushed out essentially $50 to $60 million of that $90 million. Im simplifying it to say it all comes in in one timeframe. These are assembly things so youre getting in pieces of that equipment some of which arrived in 2008, the balance of which arrives in 2009. We will complete all of the assembly of those lines by mid 2009 meaning by April 30. We will get the second Avaira line in and paid for by April 30. So when we talk about basically CapEx requirements of around $140 million we will continue to push hard on managing down CapEx, quite frankly since we have a big pot of required expenditure from last year rolling into this year, that keeps the number still where it was six months ago when we talked about targeting a range of $125 to $140, were still targeting a range of $125 to $140.
Michael Weinstein  JPMorgan : So the $125 to $140 was prior to the push out of the $50, but the $50 now, do you still think even with the $50 now rolling into 2009 that your total CapEx budget is going to be $140 or are you saying its going to be $125, $140 plus $50?
Robert Weiss : No were saying its going to be $125 to $140 which includes the $50. Some of those we basically just cancelled indefinitely. There are certain things we dont need, partly because of efficiency some of our yields for example in Biofinity are much better since March of this year and so its a combination of the push which is an all out push as well as the roll into this year from 2008.
Michael Weinstein  JPMorgan : So you still think you can do in your models, youre doing $50 million of free cash flow assuming $140 of CapEx spending?
Robert Weiss : That is correct. 
Michael Weinstein  JPMorgan : Help us get to your EPS guidance for 2009, because given your top line assumptions and even the 15% tax rate which is lower then were assuming, were having a tough time getting there. 
Eugene Midlock : So lets start of the range for revenue, were saying $1.030 billion to $1.1 billion. Were saying gross margin of around 58%. Were saying an operating margin of about 16%. Roughly $49 million of interest and other stuff so pre-tax is the remainder, 15% tax rate, and roughly 45.8 million shares so itll get you to 216 to 236. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Willoughby  Cleveland Research 
Steven Willoughby  Cleveland Research:  On the silicone hydrogel products, first Avaira came in lighter then expected, just any comments on that and then secondly you made a comment that with the silicone hydrogel torics products coming out that in your mind youll have rounded out the portfolio and Im just wondering what your thoughts were with J&J working on a multi focal version of the silicone hydrogel potential in the next few months.
Robert Weiss : First of all in Avaira youre right, we initially came out with guidance of 8 to 10 and then we kind of did an 8 to 12 feeling a little bit more bullish about getting north of 10. We basically Avaira got swept up in the October flatness where the sales were a lot less then we thought across the board with Super Vision.  Two is the uptake which were starting to see, the actual utilization of the timing between when we launched the product and got it out there on the shelf to when it got on eyeballs, typically takes a little longer and were seeing that doctors are really getting it on patients but the replenishment, you may recall that, we launched with Wal-Mart and there was a large stocking order that took place in May I believe, May or June, that took a little longer to work its way through then we had initially thought.  As far as the other thing is we did plan on a more aggressive rollout with fitting sets targeting at one point in time, we were targeting 10, we then upped it to 12, we came in at nine so we didnt quite accomplish getting the fitting sets out to the practitioners that we had planned on for a variety of reasons.  Avaira is I think still what we think is a product that is in the two week space going head to head with Oasis and J&J. Biofinity is of course is in a monthly space when you think of where the products play in the two week space is only J&J and Cooper, in the monthly its everyone else but not J&J.  So we think there is a role for both Avaira as well as Biofinity going forward. As far as rounding out the product portfolio, youre quite right, we will not have multi focal. Today the multi focal market is a $200 million worldwide market only with essentially none of it in silicone hydrogel or a very small piece. We will as far as priorities go once we complete the toric rollout of Biofinity we will do a multi focal be it a Biofinity or Avaira, cant say which one will be first, we have manufacturing technology available to do that rollout. It is not compared to a toric a large challenge, its a matter of resources. But expect that in 2010 we will come out with multi focal toric. In the scheme of things since multi focals today are only I think 3% or 4% of the global market its not a big deal yet if J&J or [Vistacon] gets their way, they think they can move the market and make it a bigger market committing that they think they can move it to a billion dollar category, I hope theyre right we would love that.  And well be there not too far behind them. 
Steven Willoughby  Cleveland Research: On SG&A you mentioned it benefited by lower litigation expenses, can you quantify that at all and was there anything else that was kind of unusual within SG&A, maybe less stock comp expense or anything else.
Robert Weiss : Well the first thing is we settled the litigation in November of last year with [Sieba]. The total cost was a little north of $3 million, $3.6 or $3.4 million, for that legal cost first month of last year. As far as other things that are in SG&A of the total costs we had in 2008 about $11 or $12 million are callout related that are in operating cost in total which includes that $3 million litigation. 
Eugene Midlock : Its in the appendix to the press release and the callout schedule. Last year 2007 12 months it was $10.3 and then for the quarter last year it was $4.7 and this year in 2008 it was zero in Q4.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jared Holt  Thomas Weisel Partners  
Jared Holt  Thomas Weisel Partners :  Can you just talk about the strategy going forward now with Proclear as just a component of the business here with the silicone hydrogels hopefully picking up. Where do you see Proclear going from here.
Robert Weiss : Proclear, youll recall Cooper unlike any other competitor views the market two ways. We dont believe its all going to silicone hydrogel, didnt believe it in 2004, still dont believe it. The market today is 32% silicone hydrogel. The US market is kind of flattened out a little at 50 although theres been a big jump up in the toric space. So Proclear which today is a $280 million product growing at 21% annually, we see that as a big player in both the 1 Day market down the road where it has a real story as well as the rest of what well call the conventional hydrogel market that no one else is paying attention to. Proclear, its the sweet spot of Proclear.  So we play both in the silicone hydrogel market now that we have Biofinity and Avaira, and soon well have a toric silicone hydrogel and then in 2010 a multi focal silicone hydrogel. But were not at all entertaining abandoning the Proclear story and the non-silicone hydrogel part of the market. Were very skeptical that the 1 Day market will turn into a silicone hydrogel material for a lot of good reasons part of which is the cost barrier. At some point in time there is a push back and the fact of the matter is silicone hydrogel lenses are more expensive to make then hydrogel lenses and will be for at least the next several years if not beyond that point in time.  Even if you get to the point where you can reduce the cost enough to warrant a big push of a 1 Day silicone hydrogel so then the question is, whats the story, what are you trying to accomplish. Are you trying to imply that the 1 Day wearer is going to wear their product overnight and thats certainly is a tangent we dont think anyone really wants to go down keeping in mind that the 1 Day modality person is really not a person that holds onto lens care products number one.  And theyre really thinking about the health of their eyes as a primary consideration so theyre not going to just suddenly say, okay I can now sleep in my 1 Day lenses and wear them longer. But Proclear as we see it, were going to go high price low price, Proclear 1 Day will be our premium priced 1 Day for the indefinite future, for a long time.
Jared Holt  Thomas Weisel Partners : Then Avaira, are you planning on doing a private label through Wal-Mart for Avaira to get the sales up at some point?
Robert Weiss : We will do private label with Wal-Mart or any large retailer but its all about price and economics. Its got to be a win win. Keep in mind some of the private label models were a lot different then you would normally expect and the past private label model was priced at a premium to a branded product in many cases.  Whether or not that will happen again, dont know. It could be that the world has changed enough but I do, we do believe that there is interest in private label and if so we are certainly willing to do it and we know that many others are not. 
Jared Holt  Thomas Weisel Partners : You kind of fooled everyone this quarter with gross margins which came in line, and I was just wondering you look at 2009 in your guidance at 58, excluding currency, I know you talked about that having an impact, can you tell us what the adjusted gross margins in your view would look like?
Robert Weiss : The fourth quarter gross margin, the 61% in CooperVision is kind of thats the way it was, no callouts. The guidance for 2009 the 58% being well below the 61%, there are two major variables. The first one has to do with the fact that we are willfully cutting back on production to manage down inventory and maximize cash flow in 2009 and some of the reduction in force will happen within manufacturing as well as a less absorption caused by less through-put.  So think of that as, any time you know if I make more products, I absorb more overhead, if I manage back Im going to absorb less overhead so gross margin is taking a hit on that. Gross margin is taking a hit on a reduction in force albeit not a large number but its in there. And then the third thing is the continuation of the shift to the 1 Day modality with Proclear, 1 Day quite frankly not having an optimal gross margin today. We are still concentrating on getting the cost out of that product and we expect to make headway but were not there fully yet.  And then Avaira as we roll that out, pending its full commercialization in terms of volumes, it still carries a lower gross margin. We expect to also get improved costs substantially improved cost reductions within the Avaira bucket going forward.  So those are putting some drain on gross margins and the third one has to do with the way were doing hedging in 2009 and Ill only answer that if youre really curious enough. 
Jared Holt  Thomas Weisel Partners : You look at the CapEx spending next year, you have about $2 million worth of cash, is there any potential given the hockey stick component of spending next year that you might have to actually borrow more money in the first half of the year and draw down that revolver before you actually pay it down?
Robert Weiss : There is no doubt our first six months next year are cash negative because of that $50 million of CapEx rolling into the front six months. So absolutely, cash is low because we want it to be low. We work very hard and I would be embarrassed if I had to show you $10 million cash [on my] balance sheet and I would pick on the Treasurer.  So will we tap into the revolver the front six, yes. So when we talk about an aggregate positive free cash flow next year of $50 million, that is its driven and contributed by the back six months.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Bye  Jefferies & Company 
Peter Bye  Jefferies & Company:  So what was the CapEx number in fiscal 2008?
Robert Weiss : I dont know if we actually had it in the press release, its $124.9 million.
Peter Bye  Jefferies & Company: You talk about the October slowdown, November is in the book, were a couple of weeks here, you talked a bit about obviously guidance applies some kind of rebound from October but can you maybe specifically November. I know you dont want to get too caught up in months, but just given the trend line, what can you tell us. 
Robert Weiss : Yes, I think I indicated that November looked like October. October was in constant currency down 2%. November in constant currency was down 2%. So what happened since November is there may be some light at the end of the tunnel meaning we expect to be net positive in December. Some of that decline in October and November are [readive] and quite frankly we dont have
Peter Bye  Jefferies & Company: Could you quantify how much you think is patients buying three months instead of six months or 12 months supply versus office visits. Whats office visits like, if youre going to proportionalize the downtick, how much is fewer inventory from consumers and how much is fewer office visits?
Robert Weiss : The office visits, Ive seen one survey that was done that suggest they were down 2% in October as office visits, the bigger point of whats going on because youve got two dynamics, even if office visits like they were in the third quarter were up modestly, 2% for the third quarter ended September 30, and if they were in fact down 2% in October and once again that data tends to be US centric, whats really going on out there is people are not walking out the door with 12 months of inventory for their personal takeaway. Theyre by and large walking out the door with six months.  There is a shrinking of the pipeline not only within the practice but also in the distributor network thats going on. Thats fairly common so the, up and down the pipeline be it, and the pipeline in contact lenses isnt immense but we do have distributors and we do have doctors that inventory some products.  So it would not be at all unusual to have some shrinkage. The biggest noticeable and the biggest factor will be shrinkage. The second by way of patient traffic whereas its our understanding that for the doctors its not all that bad meaning the traffic theyre now seeing in November and into December as a comp goes keeping in mind that December historically is a shift your money and your resources towards buying gifts then going to your eye care professional.  But the retailer is getting a little bit more impacted then is the independents. So theres that attribute. Relative to dollars translating visits to dollars, there is still a substantial trading up going on both certainly within the toric theater where theres been a substantial increase in wearers of silicone hydrogel lenses in the spherical area where theres been some improvement and in the 1 Day area where theres trading up.  Keep in mind those visits translate to a lot more revenue per patient. But whats declining it is more not visits, its more pipeline.
Peter Bye  Jefferies & Company: So whats the timeline of that works itself out, I mean is it six months, or nine months, we should see a [Bolus] effect then at some point theoretically shouldnt we?
Robert Weiss : Yes, clearly a patient going out the door getting six months is going to need to come back to get their other six months. We dont think there is a major, one of the questions out there is how bad is, is compliance going to shift. Quite frankly a 1 Day is a 1 Day, a monthly is a monthly, a two week is a monthly so everyone is already, no one is kidding no one.  When I buy a two week lens I wear it as a monthly, I just bought it at a price point thats one half of what the monthly guy paid for it and clearly that dynamic is already in place and we dont see a rapid shift from people switching from the monthly modality into the two week modality in order to buy a two week that they can wear as a monthly.  That is just not the norm. Quite frankly you have people like [Sieba] Vision pushing directly the opposite way where theyre trying to bring their wearer base from buying a product as a two week and then wearing it as a monthly, [Sieba] is basically saying lets call it what it is. Lets sell it as a monthly because they really are using it for a month.  J&J theres no indication that J&J would go that way but quite frankly from our perspective if we sold only Biofinity and didnt sell that much Avaira, that would not be a bad model for us going forward. We like the growth of Biofinity being more robust.
Peter Bye  Jefferies & Company: I know you dont give quarterly guidance but one thing on that front, is your guidance assume that this Bolus comes back and its very back end loaded on the top line or are you assuming, hey if the Bolus comes back it comes back, but were not assuming it does. Youre saying its predominantly essentially patient inventory and that sort of front and not so much office visits, so this downtick in the market should be somewhat temporary theoretically, right?
Robert Weiss : Yes, I think the downtick is going to be a six month event and that six months is basically people buying six months worth of inventory or a patient takeaway and then they have to go back and get their other six months.  At that point in time it will be somewhat mitigated, the new purchaser is still only buying two months, six months, youve kind of lost six months of a pipeline to a degree and I dont want to, and keep in mind that is, its more maybe US right now, will it ripple through the rest of the world, it will in varying degrees and then come back around.  So it isnt like one global event all happening in parallel. 
Peter Bye  Jefferies & Company: Whats D&A for 2009? 
Robert Weiss : I think its around $90 million.
Peter Bye  Jefferies & Company: On that front you gave the guidance, you put in the transactional hedges on it, you say youre getting $0.105 back, but when you went through with the previous questioner about the operating expense you said net interest expense of $49 million and then tax, Im assuming then, are you booking $8 million or so in non-Op gains? That gives you about $0.15 for the currency below the Op line or how do I think about that $0.15 coming back. 
Robert Weiss : The $0.15 was, I looked at it just the opposite. 
Peter Bye  Jefferies & Company: How are you going to report it? Its a non-Op contract booking right?
Robert Weiss : The foreign exchange hit, the $0.15 out of $0.30 hit is up and down the line. Thats up and down the P&L.
Peter Bye  Jefferies & Company: I thought you said that was just the foreign exchange. What are the contracts that you put in place in May and June then, is that just on the CapEx side? Is that why CapEx isnt as high next year?
Robert Weiss : No the foreign exchange hedging will show in 2008, they all impacted cost of goods only. In 2009 and this is the one question I kind of said Id take later, in 2009 theyre going to impact revenue and cost of goods and the impact will be for a slight, if we didnt hedge our reported 2009 revenue would in fact be lower. Since we did hedge and hedged some revenue and Im saying this simplistically as opposed to the guys that really can talk about how the contracts work, but we will pick up revenue
Peter Bye  Jefferies & Company: Dont you have a guy on the call who can talk about the contracts?
Robert Weiss : Well yes, if you want to bring the conversation to that level of technical, but trust me weve taken a lot of people through it and theyve lost it and were better off doing one on one. Call me back on that. 
Peter Bye  Jefferies & Company: On the silicone hydrogel toric next year, are you thinking about a launch similar to Biofinity or more similar to Avaira or a hybrid of the two or just, I dont want to put a number on you, but how should we think about that coming out?
Robert Weiss : The silicone hydrogel toric launch which will start in the end of the calendar quarter will be rolled out nationally. We will have, when you think about the toric market, its much different then a two week Avaira space where youre dealing with a lot of distribution both on the retail side as well as on the independent side so were not going to have a large, fill the pipeline with the retailers
Peter Bye  Jefferies & Company: I just meant more as Avaira as a percentage of your spheres revenue, how much should we think maybe in the range of the silicone hydrogel as a percentage of your toric revenue, not so much the mechanics of which account it goes to, how many fittings, that sort of stuff? Just more how should we think about the silicone hydrogel toric revenue contribution as a percent of your overall toric revenue similar to where Biofinity was in the launch which was pretty minimal out of the chute, versus Avaira which was a little bit better as a percentage of your total spheres so just proportionality, whats the impact.
Robert Weiss : Assume its not going to go out there and theres going to be a big pipeline fill and a big percent of your market so dont get your expectation up for anything north of the $10 million range. I think we need to move on to our next caller.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen - Wachovia  
Larry Biegelsen - Wachovia :  I just wanted to make sure I have the numbers right here, for CooperVision your guiding for negative 3% to plus 3% next year, FX of 4% to 5% so the constant currency basis plus 2 to 8%, and for the market on a constant currency basis I think you said 2 to 4% for 2009, is that correct?
Robert Weiss : Yes, constant currency 2 to 4 for the market, correct.
Larry Biegelsen - Wachovia : And for you guys 2 to 8 on a constant currency for CooperVision, is that correct?
Robert Weiss : No, were, and GAAP its plus 3 minus 3 in constant currency, its flat to 6%. Currency is only 3% for Cooper compared to a 7% market because we have put in place hedges and the hedges is the difference between the 7 and the 3% currency. 
Larry Biegelsen - Wachovia : Earlier I thought you said FX was going to hit your top line by 4 to 5%, did I mishear?
Robert Weiss : Yes, the difference between a 7% hit, a 3% hit is a 4% delta which represents the hedging. 
Larry Biegelsen - Wachovia : So flat to 6% constant currency for you and the market 2 to 4%, so it sounds like you dont think you can do much better then the market in 2010, just curious about the conservatism there.
Robert Weiss : Quite frankly what happened is weve noticed theres a lot of reaction to the economy right now so the 6% is 1.5x the 4, the upper end of the constant currency range. On the downside, given we were in this minus two, minus two October and November we went off the model of 1.5x and quite frankly I think what I would have done if I were readjusting the market is to take the market to flat to 4% constant currency and then said if the market in fact goes flat, then thats how I got to our flat.  If thats the case then the market, if the market in fact goes flat then in GAAP it will be negative 7 currency impacting it 7% assuming the dollar stays right where it is. So to answer your question our constant currency zero to six probably should be compared to a market of zero to four.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson  Robert W. Baird 
Jeff Johnson  Robert W. Baird:  I guess Im still trying to figure out as of the analyst meeting and I understand world has changed, but why do you now think you cannot outgrow the market by 1.5x as you were talking about at the analyst meeting and prior to the analyst meeting?
Robert Weiss : The answer is we do think we can outgrow the market 1.5x. The only question really is, is what is the market and is the market zero, two or four. But given our product portfolio, given that we are expanding our product range for Avaira and going into the toric market with Biofinity and launching Proclear 1 Day we do expect to gain share in the marketplace.
Jeff Johnson  Robert W. Baird: Im surprised that you dont think theres a push-out in one month where patients may be extending one month to two months or one month to three months where and Id just like to know your rationale for not thinking thats happening.
Robert Weiss : Since these are soft lenses as opposed to hard lenses like Im wearing, the lens does have a natural life wherein it gets gritty and people know, and every eye is different so Im not going to say there isnt a guy out there thats going to take it from a month to a month and a half. Youre always going to find an exception.  By and large a monthly cycle is a very routine part of life and its clearly in contact lenses also. 
Jeff Johnson  Robert W. Baird: I guess my question is how confident are you in this Bolus effect that you seem to agree with that six months from now people have to come back in and get their second half of the year order.
Robert Weiss : In other words, I dont think at all that the model is changing from I buy six months supply and I use them over 12 months. Its six months supply the way Ive used them in the past is still going to be six months supply.  So when they run through that six months supply, theyre going to come back and get their reuse and I think thats an [inaudible] if youve bought medications and you were used to buying 90 days and it was an expensive medication and you suddenly said, you know Im only going to buy 45 days or 30 days supply now, I got to come back after 30 days and get my next round of medications.  Its the exact same thing.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Cooley - FTN Midwest Securities
Christopher Cooley - FTN Midwest Securities: Im a little bit surprised by the CooperSurgical guidance, your FX doesnt traditionally hit that line item and in past youve highlighted that as about a 4 to 5% plus organic grower, help us understand whats changed there now we actually see a negative number of CooperSurgical and potential in regards with your year-over-year growth rate.
Robert Weiss : The guidance is negative 2 to a plus 4, and I would just say that was really an abundance of caution. There is no FX impact in that negative 2 to plus 4. We put a wider range on things because quite frankly were a little shell shocked by October and November as a marketplace but I dont think were the only company out there thats broadened the range of things.  The 4% represented what we thought was at the high end, some acknowledgement that patient visits were down over the last quarter something like 6% in the US market. So weve factored that into our range and we think that range captures it right now, 165 to 175 compared to this years 168.
Christopher Cooley - FTN Midwest Securities: When I think about cash flows next year, are you contemplating any type of one-time step-up or add-in type of payment on the pension plan. If you look at your filings through the year you had a fairly heavy concentration in Cooper stock or company stock. It looked like that performance within negative 30-ish blend, just through the year-to-date. Any thoughts there, should we be contemplating on our cash flow models that youd be doing any kind of truing up relative to the PBO?
Robert Weiss : You made a comment about Cooper stock, the only stock Im aware anywhere in the entire portfolio is in our 401-K and Im the stockholder in that plan and thats only 5,000 shares. There is none in the retirement income plan.  As far as the implications of, we typically do our plan through the end of August and there will be and has been a look at October, its my understanding any cash flow implication is less then $1 million.
Christopher Cooley - FTN Midwest Securities: Just in regards to when I think about goodwill out there, you re-classed some in the last Q, you put it back up in the beginning balance from the [Ocular] acquisition I think the offset to that is a step-up in book equity, anything that we should be looking for in the K, were there any other adjustments to the prior balance for goodwill?
Robert Weiss : Goodwill moves up and down rapidly with foreign exchange so we took it up earlier in the year I think $30 million as the dollar weakened and theres been a substantial go the other way now that the dollar has kind of come full circle. By the way, my comment on the cash flow for the retirement income plan was a one-year comment meaning impact on 2009 as opposed to, typically these plans have any major economic change would be spread over seven or eight years, over a longer period of time at any rate. 
Eugene Midlock : We took a look at it as of August. The actuaries calculated the funding requirements for 2009 and they havent changed that much. They looked at it again now with all the changes in the market and so forth and were still pretty consistent for 2009. I dont know what 2010 will bring. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Amit Bhalla  Citigroup 
Amit Bhalla  Citigroup : On CooperSurgical I understand your range for fiscal 2009 but Im curious about the current quarter were you seeing an actual impact on CooperSurgical based on the overall economic weakness and second question any sort of revenue range you can give us for the new products that youre going to be selling in 2009?
Robert Weiss : The first comment on Surgical, Surgical is in November started off a little softer then lets say what we had expected back in September. So this range reflects upon our November results and our year-to-date results as where we are today.  As far as the question about sales of new products next year, I think we would say that if we look at the package of silicone hydrogel products, all together, the Biofinity, Avaira, and then a toric, that this year that pot was about $58 million in silicone hydrogel because were really talking primarily about silicone hydrogel and how were rolling out. The impact to Proclear 1 Day in Japan Ill come back around on, but that pot of $58 million is likely to go in the neighborhood of something north of $100 million. Whether or not it doubles I would say it could be up 80% to up 100% type range of expectations all up. That does include the toric in it but the toric as I indicated earlier, assume thats less then $10 million. We launch it the of the calendar quarter by March 31 and so were left with a seven month kind of a rollout impact.
Amit Bhalla  Citigroup : On the CooperSurgical comment, what exactly were you seeing that was soft, was it patient volumes, was it some surgeries, exactly what was soft?
Robert Weiss : Surgical as reported I think has been out there in some article, I dont have it available directly, but 6% decline in patient visits and thats more then, thats basically over a period of longer then just one month.  A lot of that by the way is the pap smear market. We basically have 50 to 55 million pap smears done in this country annually and theres some slowing of that leading to slower visits. 
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time; I would like to turn it back over to management for any additional or closing comments. 
Albert White: Thank you everyone. Keep in mind youre welcomed to call us and well try to get back to people in a timely fashion at 925-460-3663 which is our Investor Relations number and if you dont get a live person, leave a message, well get back to you as soon as we can. Thank you very much.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-09-05 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Albert White  Vice President of Investor Relations Robert S. Weiss - Chief Executive Officer, Director Eugene J. Midlock - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President
Analysts: Michael Weinstein-JP Morgan  Larry Biegelsen -Wachovia  Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets Christopher C. Cooley - FTN Midwest Securities Brian  Jefferies & Company Song Shen - Goldman Sachs Andy Kiel [ph] - Citigroup Steven Willoughby  Cleveland Research Jared Holt  Thomas Weisel Partners  
Operator:  Welcome to the Cooper Companies third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for todays conference Albert White. 
Albert White:  I am Al White, Vice President, Treasurer in Investor Relations and joining me on todays call are Bob Weiss, president and chief executive officer and Gene Midlock, chief financial officer.  Before we get started I would like to remind you that this call will contain forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market conditions, and planned product launches. Forward-looking statements necessarily depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions as a company to differ materially from those described in forward looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward Looking Statements in todays earnings release and are described in our SEC filings including the business section of Coopers annual report on Form 10-K. These are available publicly and on request from the companys investor relations department. Before I turn the call over to Bob let me comment on the agenda for the call. Bob will begin by providing some highlights on the quarter then get into specific details including new products, product launches, the market and guidance. Following Bobs remarks Gene Midlock will comment on the third quarter financial results. We will then open the call for questions.  We will keep the formal presentation to roughly 30 minutes of prepared remarks followed by 30 minutes of Q&A, so the call will last roughly one hour. We request that anyone asking question please limit yourself to only one question so that we may get to as many callers as possible in the allotted time. Should you have any questions following the call please call Lindy Katie at 925-460-3663 and we will get back to you as soon as possible. As a reminder this call is being recorded and a copy of the press release is available on our web site at www.coopercos.com under Investor Relations. With that let me turn the call over to Bob for his opening remarks.
Robert Weiss:  This was a great quarter and I hope you agree. Following Als guidelines we are going to try to keep our commentary to about 30 minutes and I am going to do my best to give Gene his time to get through the financials. The key messages I hope you leave the conference call with by the end of this hour are a number. Number one is the contact lines market is recession resistant and thats indicated by the fact that our most recent quarter, worldwide the market grew 6.5%. We continue our best in class roll out with Proclear 1-day and the Dailie disposable mode. They are now in the two-week mode and Biofinity in the monthly and beyond mode so we cover each of the three modalities of contact lenses. We have made great progress in expanding our capacity of Avaira, the two-week product that we launched in April, by more than doubling our yields in the last three months. By the end of the quarter we expanded our Proclear 1-day and Biofinity power range to add plus powers as well as higher minus powers, making that a more broad halo effect improvement of that product line. Yes we were in fact manufacturing a silicone hydrogel toric by the end of the third quarter, so  Biofinity Toric is currently in production. Call outs which aggregated $0.28 for the quarter brought our year-to-date to $0.83 and I am happy to say that call outs have ended, we do not anticipate any in the fourth quarter. Our gross margin should move from 54% in the third quarter to roughly around 60% next quarter and Ill add some color to that. Third quarter had a tremendous operating cash flow, $44 million and it brought free cash flow to $19 million and in fact we paid down over $13 million in debt. Lastly CSI delivered another great quarter and continues to be consistent. Third quarter results $285 million were up 14%, 8% in cost and currency. Cooper Vision contributed $243 million in revenue, up 15%, also 8% in cost and currency and Cooper Surgical $42.7 million was up 7%, all organic.  Earnings per share GAAP wise were $0.39 and excluding call-outs $0.67 and I will let Gene elaborate more on the financial results.  As far as new products go in the Proclear family, Biofinity revenue reached $15 million and now is annualizing at around $60 million. Thats four times the prior year and up sequentially 18% from the second quarter.  At quarter end we expanded our power range to include high plus, meaning zero to eight plus high opters [ph] as well high minuses and as far as Avaira goes we are off to a great start delivering $4 million in revenue. We are on track with our rollout with 5,000 kits fitting sets placed by the end of the third quarter. Given a solid ramp up in Puerto Rico production where we more than doubled yields, we are accelerating our rollout. We had targeted 10,000 fitting sets would be out the door by the end of October, we are now looking at more like 12  thousand and we are still targeting a total rollout of 17,000 in the US within the first 12 months.  The high volume production line for Avaira in Puerto Rico is basically putting out about two million lenses a month which is about 2/3 of our expectations so we are very pleased with the progress that we have made there.  1- day Proclear led the way there, we had revenue up 47% and in cost and currency 32%. The Proclear family is performing outstanding, up 35% and in cost and currency 28% and that brings its revenue to 28% of our total Cooper Vision revenue. Geographically the star was the Americas up 13% and Europe also contributed 15% with Asia Pac off of a smaller bas, up 19%. Future products are still on track. We remain on track for our launch in Japan of Proclear 1-day in the first half of fiscal year 2009. Biofinity Toric production has started and is on track for a launch in the first quarter of calendar year 09. Avaira Toric production is still targeted to be launched the end of calendar year 09. With these launches we will basically have routed out our offering of spheres and torics. The market for calendar year Q208 ended June 30 showed solid growth accelerating above the first quarter. The first quarter was 6.3% worldwide cost and currency and the second quarter was 6.5%. The market growth in 08 looks like it will come in just shy of the 6.8% that it grew in 2007. The Q2 stars continue to be single-use spheres, up 11%, torics up 12%, multi-focal up 12% and silicone hydrogel continues to make progress, up 21% above the prior year and now accounts for 30% of the worldwide market.  In the United States silicone hydrogel is now 47% of total patient fits and 51% of total new patient fits. For torics these numbers in the US 45% total patient fits and 47% for new patient fits. Some real surprises during the quarter, HBR data results show the J&J launch of Oasis Toric put in play their Acuvue Advance for Astigmatism. The result was that Acuvue Advance for Astigmatism lost 2  share points in new fits while Oasis picked up only 1.9%. Cibas Air Optics for astigmatism did surprisingly well, achieving 3.4 share points. Also a shocker was that Cooper Vision gained share in torics in the United States in total.  Overall quarterly HBR data showed Johnson & Johnson lost 1.1 share points while Cooper for new fits increased 1.6 share points to 23.9 and for total fits increased 0.5 share points to 22.9 so we are very pleased with our progress there.  Take aways from HBR data is eye care professionals are seeking alternatives to Acuvue Advance for Astigmatism. Eye care professionals will experiment with new products such as Air Optix for Astigmatism. The market remains healthy and total visits were up 0.8% and new patient visits were up 1.7% above the prior year and extended wear still is not an accepted modality, we represent 7% of the entire market. US CLI data contact lens institute data showed continued growth of the 1-day modality up 15% above the prior year and 1-day now accounts for 11% of the US market, yet it counts for 46% of the rest of the world.  As far as call outs and gross profit percent, while call outs for fiscal year 2008 exceeded our $0.70 target the good news is that we dont anticipate any in Q4 and going forward. Q3 included the remaining portion of our Biofinity start-up costs, pre the December shut down, including the modifications we made to the lines in December and basically that modification allowed us to double yields by March of 08, so going forward after this quarter we will see the inventory trends going into the P&L reflecting that improved geol.  For the third quarter also we had $0.05 for the 100% debouch [ph] were put to us by the bondholders on July 1. We do not have the $2.6 million share overhang which we used to have from that debaucher [ph]. Not included in call outs was the negative of foreign exchange contracts which negatively impacted our gross margin three percentage points and excluding call outs from start up costs now behind us, including a high volume conversion onto Gen II, Proclear 1-day on to Gen II as well as Biofinity and excluding the hedging contracts, our gross margin was 60%. This is ballpark where we expect it to be going forward. Going forward we believe the 1-day mix trend which will be offset by improvement in the production on the production side and will lead to gross margin in and around that 60%, it will also have favorable impact of the monthly modality including Biofinity. As far as cash flow and CapEx is concerned one of our big accomplishments in the third quarter was free cash flow of $19 million. Debt was reduced from $941 million to $928 million and our operating cash flow equaled $44 million. We continue to focus in on this area; going forward we believe that next year we should be able to generate from $50 to $100 million in free-cash flow, that we will be slightly cash flow positive in the fourth quarter in spite of the fact that we have a semi-annual payment of note interest of $12.5 million and that the improving cash flow next year will reflect improving operating margins, lower CapEx requirements, stability in inventory levels and improving top line growth contribution. By mid-next year when our second Avaira line goes into production we will have completed essentially all of our major capital expenditure projects. By October of 08 most of the $600 million of CapEx projects are done. Three distribution centers, the Biofinity lines, the high-volume Gen II conversion, the one-day production ramp up and two building expansions. Going forward post the first quarter of 09 its mainly Avaira CapEx requirements and maintenance CapEx requirement, which is around $35 million and then just substantial growth, anything above double-digit.  We believe that this year well come in at about $140 to $160 million in CapEx and that next year were still projecting $125 to $140 million and after 2009 that it will even be less than the $125 million.  Our guidance for 2008, we narrowed the range revenue for the Cooper Companies of $1 billion 80 to $1 billion 95 with vision at $915 to $925 and surgical at $165 million to $170. My point out that theres about a $10 million care cut for foreign exchange given the strengthening of the dollar in that number. Earnings per share GAAP guidance is $1.35 to $1.41 and our non-GAAP guidance of $218 to $224. Our revenue guidance, as I indicated, reflects $10 billion haricot for the foreign exchange. It also reflects the fact that we expect continued contributions from Proclear Dailies as well as Biofinity, Avaira and the rest of the Proclear family going forward.  Cooper Surgical has been steady, staying at the $165 to $170 million and earnings EPS excluding call outs in the fourth quarter is reflecting $0.58 to $0.64 as guidance, and once again we do not anticipate any call outs.  Cooper Surgical our womens health care franchise continues to execute to plan. For the quarter we put up 7% organic cost and currency growth. We completed the integration of a Canadian operation. Excluding this impact to the integration, which was minimal, gross margin would be 60% compared to 59 with it and operating margins of 20%. With minimal CapEx requirements for Cooper Surgical, it throws off a substantial amount of free cash flow.  The hospital strategy we embarked upon three years ago continues to pay nice dividends through higher revenue and solid gross margins.  Revenues for our hospital portion of the business were up 20% bringing that to $13 million for the quarter and hospital products now account for 31% of Cooper Surgicals revenue. In summary, before I turn it overt to Gene, remember the key take aways: the lens market is great, recession resistant; we are marching to plan with our launch of Avaira, Biofinity and Proclear Dailie, our 1-day monthly and two week products; Avaira capacity is ramping up nicely; at the end of the third quarter we expanded our power ranges of both Proclear 1-day and Biofinity to pluses and high minuses; we are in production with Biofinity silicone hydrogel torics; our restructuring and start-up period is over; call outs are over; while start-ups and hedging contracts suppressed our gross profit percent in the third quarter, we expect approximately 30% gross margins going forward; and yes we generated $19 million of free cash flow.  With that I will turn it over to Gene to cover the financial results.
Eugene Midlock:  I will now briefly review some of the financial results that Bob did not touch upon. If you would like more detail, please note that there is more information in our press release; we will file our 10-Q tomorrow, so by Monday that will be available as well as we will update our web site which also should be available by Monday. As Bob indicated operationally we had a solid quarter and most notable and Bob mentioned it a few times, Ill mention it again, we became free cash flow positive by $18.6 million in the quarter and in addition we reduced our debt by $13 million. It has been a major focus of the organization, including the finance group, and we will continue to put major efforts to generate cash and reduce our debt load.  Briefly touching on revenue, we had a strong quarter, revenue of $285.9 million, up 14% above the third quarter of 07, 8% in cost and currency. Cooper Vision had revenue of $243.2 million, 15% above last year, 8% in cost and currency.  Bob touched on various details of the product sales and material sales and geographies and the fairly strong results across the board. Turning to Cooper Surgical, it earned $42.7 million of revenue, an increase of 7% over the prior year and very strong sales of its surgical business unit which markets directly to hospitals, which grew 20% over last year and is now 31% of CSIs total revenue and thats a fairly high margin business for us.  Gross margin on a consolidated basis was 54% compared to 58% in last years third quarter and excluding our call outs our non-GAAP results were gross margin 57% versus 63% in Q3 of last year.  Cooper Visions gross margin was 53% versus 58% last year and excluding the call outs it was 57% versus 64%. This decrease, as Bob mentioned, was partially attributable to currency, roughly 3 percentage points as well as a change in product mix more towards the single-use spheres which have a lower gross margin percent, but that particular business increased, it represents 19% of our revenue, up from 15% last year; so thats both the good news and the bad news.  We expect CVIs gross margins to be around 6j0% in Q4 and onto next year. Cooper Surgicals gross margin was 59%, which is unchanged from last year; on a non-GAAP basis it was 60% which is also the same as last year. Again, consolidated we are expecting gross margins of around 60% next year and in Q4. Consolidated GAAP SG&A increased by 6% over last year to $110.6 million, but decreased as a percentage of sales from 41% to 39%. In the components of this, selling expenses increased 11% over 07 and are 30% of revenue and thats primarily due to costs supporting increased sales levels, obviously higher commissions and so forth, as well as increased lens distribution used in marketing programs for new products.  G&A expenses on the other hand decreased by 8% from last year and are 9% of revenue and the decrease is generally attributable to a reduction in litigation costs and enhanced leveraging of certain of our administrative services.  On a non-GAAP basis SG&A increased by 13% over last year and are 38% of revenue. Selling expenses increased 19% and G&A decreased by 1%.  Looking at R&D expenses, in Q3 our GAAP R&D expense decreased by $2.4 million from last year to a little bit over $9 million, which represents 3% of sales. Now within the numbers CVIs or visions R&D actually increased by 10% year-over-year to $7.9 million which is 3% of sales and on a GAAP basis CSIs R&D decreased by $3.2 million from Q3 of last year, but note in there is $3 million of IP R&D or in process research and development in Q3 of 07 from an acquisition of technology. And, if you look at the nine months for Cooper Surgical in 07 it had $10.7 million of R&D included which was $4.2 million of Q1 IP R&D on an acquisition we made and then the $3 million in Q3 so on an adjusted basis it had $3.5 million 07, in 08 its 3.7 so its up actually 5%.  Interest expense increased in Q3 to $15.3 million, however included in there is approximately $3 million of charges related to the repurchase of our converts as Bob mentioned.  In Q4 we expect interest to decrease to $12.3 million which is a slight increase over the prior quarters, reflecting an increase in borrowing for capital expenditures and use of our revolver to retire the debt. As I mentioned earlier, our debt actually decreased in three from Q2 by $13 million. Turning to the effective tax rate, which probably looks a bit strange in Q3, on a GAAP basis its -2% and non-GAAP its a positive rate of roughly 3%. Again, this is largely attributable to the adoption of Fin 48 as I mentioned last quarter. That particular accounting pronouncement is going to cause major fluctuations in effective rates from quarter to quarter because of the requirement to more finely identify and recognize discreet items in the tax provision calculation; however for the full year we are expecting a GAAP rate of around 20% to 21% and a non-GAAP rate of 15% to 16%. Q4 should have an effective rate of 26.5%, so what we gain in Q3 well give back in Q4 and come out to the projected rate we gave you for the full year.  Again, Cooper is not unique. If you look at other companies, Intel or National Standard, any of the major public companies, youll see these types of fluctuations.  In 09 were projecting an effective rate of around 15% to 17%, again this could change, it depends on geographic fluctuations where revenue is earned.  Bob mentioned our converts, which we repaid on July 1, which was a nickel dilutive in Q3 but should be around 2% accretive in Q4 because of the overhang of the 2.6 million shares being gone.  Call outs were $13.3 million net of tax in Q3, so for the year theyre $38.9 and included is that $3 million of un-amortized bond issuance costs that we mentioned earlier. Note there will be no call outs in Q4. There are none. There is some marginal numbers below $100,000.00 which we will not call out. Getting down to operating margin, consolidated operating margin was 11% versus 9% last year. Excluding call outs it was 15% versus 20% and the decrease is generally attributable to the various items I mentioned earlier. Q4 were expecting operating margins of around 17% to 18% so for the year 08 it will average out to around 12%. Thats basically my summary EPS. Bob mentioned GAAP was 39, non-GAAP was 67, Q4 were looking at somewhere between $0.58 to $0.64, which would leave us, for the year, GAAP at $135 to $141 and non-GAAP $218 to $224.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Michael Weinstein of JP Morgan.
Michael Weinstein-JP Morgan :  I would like to start on gross margins and if I think back over the conversations weve had on these calls going back the last several quarters it seems like we keep inching downward on where margins are coming out and expected to come out going forward for Cooper Vision.  If we just look at this quarter, obviously there was the impact from your hedging contracts that even if we back that out and looked into that, what youre saying going forward it just seems like margins keep inching their way lower to what you thought they would be 6 months ago, 12 months ago for that business. Part of that would be mix, but in this quarter what really surprised us versus a couple months ago about the mix of Dailie disposables, it seems like its more than just mix. 
Robert Weiss:  Well certainly this quarter its the two things, it s the 3% from the hedging, as well as mix , as well as the remnants of the call outs, but excluding the call outs the 57 to the 60 is the impact of the hedging on gross margin.  What were saying is that we expect to get to the sixties. Youre correct, our previous range was 61 to 63, were now saying in essence in around the low sixties. Quite frankly some of that is the substantial growth in the 1-day, 47% growth in 1-day for the quarter is a pretty quick shift. Longer-term will we get into the low sixties? Sixty is not an absolute, were saying roughly 60 and that could mean 62, 63. The things that push it up clearly are the same generators. We continue to improve cost of goods and certainly in all of our silicone hydrogel lenses. You double yields like we did with Avaira thats a very positive impact, but I think were just being a little cautious on do we see 63 in the cards? Im a little reluctant to say were going to move from 57 to 63.
Michael Weinstein-JP Morgan :  So if its mix why arent you making it up on the SG&A line? If we looked at just year-over-year and adjusted for FX hedges, your gross margins are down 300 basis points, but your SG&A line is only down 100 basis points. If its mix, why arent you getting more leverage and how much of that is because of give aways, because of handouts?
Robert Weiss:  I would say we have increased our sales and marketing three percentage points year-over-year, so there is some synergy caused by the distribution center integration. There is ongoing leverage of G&A. We are not trying to leverage R&D. We are investing in R&D. We are investing in sales and marketing. You are correct that the shift in mix to the 1-day has a favorable impact on mix of operating cost and will continue to do so in the future, but given that we have three modalities we just launched in the last 13 months, from our launch of Biofinity in the US last June, were reluctant to put it into a milk mode when were investing in three viable product portfolios. 
Michael Weinstein-JP Morgan :  On the tax rate, which came at 3% this quarter, obviously adjusted, wouldnt you know during the first of a quarter what your tax rate is going to come out at? How do you have visibility on that, because obviously thats relative to the 15% to 17% range, got you about $0.09 worth of adjusted earnings, so when do you know that? Do you know at the beginning of the quarter? Do you realize that after the quarter? How did you know youre going to have that $0.09?
Eugene Midlock:  We know what the discreet items will be well in advance. Those are mainly credits that reduce the expense for expiration of the statute of limitations in various countries and so forth. They are varied. We are in 38 countries and they all have their own sets of rules, as you know, but we can pretty well predict that piece. What we cant predict finitely is where were going to earn the revenue, in which jurisdictions. Made in the US, sold in the US attracts a higher tax rate than made in the UK and sold in the US for example, or in Puerto Rico; so that piece is based on forecasting, which we try to get better obviously in refining our techniques this year, but were pretty comfortable. Assuming our Q4 forecast is accurate on revenue by geography etc what the rate will be.
Robert Weiss: I would add to that that of course we give full year guidance and in doing the full year, the way traditionally weve done it in the past, part of this year you develop a full year effective tax rate and you didnt have the crazy gyrations we now go through, which has been frustrating this year for all of us.  I do think, as Gene indicated, we are getting better at the way we think of effective tax rate by quarter, but in the absence of us moving into the mode of giving quarterly guidance, something we have decided against in the past, we pretty much gear our guidance to the full year. I appreciate that if Im an analyst that could drive you crazy because effective tax rate can go from zero to, our fourth quarter our effective tax rate happens to be over 26% in that guidance; thats just nothing more than if we normalized it we would end up where Gene indicated for the full year, but quarter-by-quarter it almost becomes a meaningless number, albeit tough to deal with.
Eugene Midlock:  It was I think decreased $0.07 this quarter and its going to go up $0.09 next quarter, I mean average amount .
Robert Weiss: Or the other way around. We picked up $0.07 and we get back $0.09 in next quarters guidance. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Larry Biegelsen of Wachovia. 
Larry Biegelsen -Wachovia: Just to follow up on Mikes question regarding gross margin, Gene, did I hear you correctly when you said you expect the gross margin to be 60% in 2009, or was it about 60% in 2009?
Eugene Midlock: Approximately 60%; as Bob indicated it is roughly 60%.
Larry Biegelsen Wachovia:  Did you say why you lowered CapEx for 2008?
Robert Weiss: I did not, but the primary reasons are three fold: number one, a concerted effort to focus in on cash and given that we have adequate capacity in several of our areas to do what we can to slow up the process where we are a little ahead of ourselves in terms of our needs, so weve made some progress on that. Two is foreign exchange with the dollar strengthening ballpark 5% to 7%. In essence just like CapEx went up when the dollar weakened, CapEx comes down when the dollar strengthens. Then thirdly there is a project that we are working on for a new REP system that was in our numbers, at one point in time this year we pushed that project out. We are taking our time working through all the details of that and it will probably initiate next year and not this year; so that moves into next year. Conversely we will keep the same push on next year. We havent taken that up for the three reasons, were focusing in on cash flow FX and we will manage our way in a lets say in a managed mode on the ERP system. That will be over probably a five-year project, not an accelerated project. 
Larry Biegelsen Wachovia:  The Gen II Avaira capacity out of Puerto Rico, I dont know if you gave us an update on that, where you are.
Robert Weiss: Yes I indicted that Gen II on Avaira, our yields doubled this quarter and I also indicated were approaching two million units monthly, which you may recall we said that when, up to our targeted levels wed be up to three million a month or 36 million a year; so were 2/3 there. There is a lot of good progress in three months.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Joanne Wuensch -BMO Capital Markets.
Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets:  Can you walk us through all the different places the impact of foreign exchange, because it sounds like its fairly impacted in a number of places on your income and your balance sheet? How did it impact you in the third quarter?
Robert Weiss: It does cover everything from top to bottom and this year, the impact is a lot more on cost of goods and you also will notice that we had a $2 million gain below the line on certain re-measurement of receivables, but cost of goods, since we do manufacture in the UK has taken by far the largest impact and as we indicated that was 3% of revenue. Going forward there are different ways to do contracts, we just happen this year to do contracts that impacted cost of goods. Next year we will attempt to make it less wild on the top to bottom of the P&L. The balance sheet basically can have large impacts on the equity section on re-measurement and can also impact cost of goods. When your currency moves very rapidly it creates some wild gyrations under whats known as FAS 52, our financial accounting standards board #52 which has been around a long time. 
Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets:  Taking a slightly different route what is going on at CSI? The growth rate was a little bit lower than we have been seeing over the last several quarters. 
Robert Weiss:   I think weve been at around 8% to 7% but we are, there is one product line that we continue to work at getting out that has certainly growth potential, which is a neo surge into the hospital market. We actually re-launched that product last quarter and then went slow one more time to tweak one of the two products that is in that neo surge line. We remain optimistic about that, but there was some impact on our revenue line because of a go slow on a launch within the hospital product group. Aside from that with no acquisitions year-over-year were expecting upper single digit, not much more than that out of this group.
Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets:  When I go back to the gross margins questions, is this something that you feel that your 60% level is a floor in a conversation rate as FX turns and you get better manufacturing youll see this is it, or is it sort of like each quarter as dailies move into more of the mainstream in the market it is something youre constantly swimming upstream against?
Robert Weiss: I must say Im a little skittish about gross margins after watching this year in foreign exchange. So, if you see the word rough its like foreign exchange has proved rougher for then, my crystal ball isnt as good as some peoples are in foreign exchange and so thats part of the softness and I truly believe that we have a lot of things from a manufacturing perspective that will lower cost of goods, which is a huge positive and that includes all of the silicon hydrogel families. Quite frankly event the 1-day story, I believe we will get gross margins well north of 50 as we go forward with some of the things were doing. So there is a lot of positives, but there is no doubt when you are growing your top line at the rate we are, 47% growth in single-use, is pretty big hurdle when thats a lower gross margin.   I think it was Mike that raised the question well if youre growing so much with the single-use why dont we see more leverage in operating costs. As we have historically said operating costs for the single-use product is much less, with the only exception being that were putting a lot of marketing dollars behind all three of these product families, 1-day, two-week and monthly and its happening kind of all at once. We will start seeing leverage as we look over the five-year period, but quite frankly with the amount of products were pushing into the market next year, thats not our first priority, to see how much leverage we can get out of SG&A or particularly the sales side of that equation. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Chris Cooley of FTN Midwest Securities. 
Chris Cooley - FTN Midwest Securities:  Could you go back and maybe revisit the toric market, specifically here in the states. You mentioned in your opening comments that you gained share in total toric, but Im curious what your growth rate was in the states if you backed out conventional made to order and youre basically just looking at the DPR torics versus the market rate during the calendar quarter. 
Robert Weiss:  Im going to have to look that one up. As far as excluding the made to order, so youll have to . 
Chris Cooley - FTN Midwest Securities:  Or just maybe more simplistically just back out in conventional.
Robert Weiss:
]: The growth in the US, you will have to give me moment.  
Chris Cooley - FTN Midwest Securities:  This is an easy one here; Ill give you the softball. What are you assuming here for the fourth quarter just in regards to your currency assumptions when youre looking at the top line? You have been kind enough to give that to us the last couple of quarters, I just want to make sure Im thinking about this .
Robert Weiss: Those rates were more where we are today. We took a $10 million hair cut. In fact we would have taken our range that $1.1 billion would have been, I think, one billion and five if we had left the $10 million in there. If the currency didnt happen it would have been [inaudible]. 
Chris Cooley - FTN Midwest Securities:  In regards to J&J they have launched True Eyes now on a limited basis in Europe and we have seen that at a fairly high price point. I think its roughly about 44, 45 pounds right now, the trial side. I am just curious what youre hearing or seeing anecdotally in that market. I realize its not a full-blown roll out yet, but just kind of your initial thoughts or if its too early to call?
Robert Weiss: We are still looking harder at that product. They launched it at the same price point that theyre Moist is, which is definitely top end of the range. An example is that they sell Moist at $0.65 a lens; we sell Proclear 1-day at $0.44 a lens, so there is a huge gap between the two. True eye is at the same price point as Moist; so I think the jurys still out on where theyre going to go with it. Of course it is a very limited launch in Europe. The US is not a 1-day market anyway and what they do in Japan which is, when we get into Japan and Asia that would be maybe a more important launch then their test market, if you will, over there. But there they are off the chart on their pricing, it is even higher than that $0.65 in the US. Going back to your other question on torics in the US, our toric sales in the US were up 12% during the third quarter and our conventional, if you will, was down 16% so all up our monthly, which is really sponsored by Proclear Toric was up like 28% so a very solid quarter for torics in the US.  
Chris Cooley - FTN Midwest Securities:  Your reported growth rate was 12% for the total category and US ex conventional which has been [interposing].
Robert Weiss: Twelve was the all up, if I did it without the [interposing].
Chris Cooley - FTN Midwest Securities:  Right, if I look at the US ex conventional which is the growth rate in the US toric franchise and then what do you think the domestic growth rate was on a [interposing].
Robert Weiss: It would have been, just roughing it, probably around 15%.
Chris Cooley - FTN Midwest Securities:  The market rate?
Robert Weiss: Our growth, oh I was giving you our growth.
Chris Cooley - FTN Midwest Securities:  Okay, so was that above the market rate for DOR torics?
Robert Weiss: Oh yes.  
Operator:  Your next question comes from Peter Bye with Jefferies & Company.
Brian  Jefferies & Company:  Hi you guys, this is actually Brian here for Peter.  I want to start with a question about the CapEx guidance. Just, I heard the comments earlier about the fiscal 08 and the reason for the change and obviously thats very positive from a free cash flow perspective, but if you step back you have to say that in some sense this is just numbers moving around a lot. I am wondering about your sense of conviction about the fiscal 09 number, given the movement in the fiscal 08 number and maybe if you could share some of your methodology about how you feel comfortable with this number that you can kind of dial this in and expect it.
Robert Weiss: Its moving around because were working hard to make it move, because we did shift our emphasis to cash flow heavily early in the third quarter, so thats a concerted worldwide effort. We made a discretionary decision on the ERP system not to start yet, because were not ready to start yet. So I would say that was independent of the cash flow push. Then thirdly, foreign exchange, since so much of our capital is invested in the UK, foreign exchange does play a big part of it and of course the pound not to long ago was 205 and its 180 today, so that gets back into foreign exchange in a global market can get tricky. Why didnt we take up next year? If we push things out of this year into next year, we didnt take up next year because number one we are going to have that same concerted push on if we dont need it, lets not rush into it and see what we can do to not accelerate projects and two is foreign exchange will continue to ripple through next years CapEx requirements in the UK. Then the ERP system, we at one point in time we were going to do a so-called big bang approach which would have been a two to three year project. We are not going to do the big bang approach of a two to three year project, it will be a four to five year project, so that has a pretty large impact on the process also. 
Brian  Jefferies & Company:  Shifting gears a bit, can you provide any anecdotal feedback on your silicone hydrogel launches in terms of maybe promotion strategies of how Biofinity gets marketed versus Avaira and where the growth is coming from there in terms of are these new patients, are these patients switching from competitive lenses are they switching from your conventional lenses? Anything on that is helpful. 
Robert Weiss: Well I think its certainly on Avaira because we are just rolling that out and were a quarter into it. Other than that what I indicated we accelerated our roll out because of the progress we made on production. By that I mean we added another 2,500 fitting sets will go out the door by year-end, so were happy about that. There will be a lot of trust in that emphasis towards the eye care professionals and its one where we want to make sure it goes in the hands of the guy that writes the Rx, so that will be one part of the orientation.  There is no doubt that the market is bifurcated into two pieces, with Biofinity basically being the monthly modality and J&J not playing in that part of the market and Biofinity really going head to head with things like Pure Vision which is a first generation silicone hydrogel lens, so we kind of like our hand there.  As you can see from Proclear numbers, were not stumbling with Proclear; it was up in costs and currency 28% worldwide. Having said that there is no doubt that some of our two week modality that we bought from Ocular Biomedics has been under the gun since really 2005 and as a a result of that that is a non-growth piece of the business that really will be supplemented or filled back in with Avaira once Avaira is really into roll out in the United States. So that piece of the business, the two-week, we are clearly not in the mode of gaining market share yet. With Biofinity were certainly doing a good job of retaining and/or gaining market share and with the monthly modality worldwide we have about 39% market share worldwide, so were a huge player in the monthly and beyond modality where J&J doesnt have an entre, they only play in the single use and in the two-week modality, Oasis and Acuvue Advance are both two-week modality products. Of course there are some ongoing, when you kind of look at the lay of the land in the marketplace there is more and more attention to compliance and being compliant as aware for a variety of reasons. The two-week modality is the least compliant by far, the monthly is the most compliant by far. If you were to make everyone in the two-week modality compliant that market would literally double in the United States. I dont think thats going to happen. I think theres a price point there, but there is that dynamic. We dont care which of the three markets win. We dont care if silicone hydrogel wins or if the non-silicone hydrogel wins. Proclear still is featured in the 70% of the market that is other than the silicone hydrogel lenses and now we have good entres in the silicone hydrogel space. Our attitude is go with the flow. We have best in class entres in all areas and were not going to go into consumer advertising. Were not going to go head to head with J&J on TV that is for sure. We will continue to leverage number one our relationship with the eye care professional; number two we are willing to private label and if the right large company wants a private label and the price is right and its a win, win, we will let them leverage their name, and I dont care what their name is, Wal Mart, Costco or whoever. If they can command enough of an order they will get a private label of Avaira. That is something J&J is not willing to do and that is a rub with a lot of retailers who had to leave the private label business behind in 2005 when it shifted into silicone hydrogel lenses. 
Brian  Jefferies & Company:  Did you give a non-GAAP tax rate for the fourth quarter? 
Robert Weiss: We gave a GAAP and non-GAAP because there is no call outs.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Song Shen of Goldman Sachs.
Song Shen - Goldman Sachs:  With respect to CapEx, we saw a nice sequential decline going into the third quarter here at $25 million level, but despite the lowered expectation of Cap Ex for the full year, the guidance implies a pick up back up to roughly $38 to $58 million in the fiscal fourth quarter. So you spoke about pushing out the ERP spending into next year, what is driving that ramp in planned CapEx spending here?
Robert Weiss: Right now we have a lot of Gen II equipment on order that each Gen II line is about $12 million and thats for the single use product portfolio. We are a little ahead of ourselves, so if we can just turn that off it wouldnt show up, but the fact of the matter is you have vendors that are making that equipment and we have agreements with those vendors, so theyre clearly the bubble between the fourth quarter and the first quarter will be two high CapEx quarters resulting from a lot of Gen II equipment.
Eugene Midlock:  Thats what an 18-month lead-time on that stuff?
Robert Weiss:  Gen II is 12 the Avaira lines are 18 and quite frankly some of the pieces of Gen II go beyond the 12 months. 
Song Shen - Goldman Sachs:  So if the CapEx were to come in towards the upper end of that $48 to $58 million range for the fourth quarter, is there any risk to free cash flow possibly not being positive in the fourth quarter?
Robert Weiss:  I would say there is some. If you assume the worse-to-worse yes I think thats a valid question. 
Song Shen - Goldman Sachs:  I was a little intrigued by the Avaira revenue number for the quarter, especially when you have been on record for Avaira sales being $2.6 million in the month of May alone, this would imply that the monthly sales in June and July were actually lower than what we saw in May. Can you tell me what was going on there and maybe give us a little bit more granularity as to how the progression of Avaira sales proceeded through the quarter?
Robert Weiss:  Yes the May event was nothing more than we launched with a large retailer in the United States that has 3,000 stores and that large retailer not only got fitting sets in the month of May, they also bought inventory to be distributed through out their family of stores. You may recall we said we were paranoid about going on backlog and therefore wouldnt accelerate a launch of fitting sets unless we really were comfortable we could deliver to that large retailer.  A typical launch is where you have a big push and then it falls off the next two or three months as the lenses find their way onto the shelf and then get on eyeballs and then you have a replenishment order. So, all that means is we didnt have one big launch followed by another big launch, followed by another big launch of three different large retailers. We stuck with one and that was it.
Song Shen - Goldman Sachs:  Then could you frame for us how we should think about Avaira revenues in the fourth quarter? Should we use the implied runway we saw in June and July as the monthly revenue run rates for Avaira through out August, September and October?
Robert Weiss:  No were still, we havent backed off on, we were estimating officially 8 to 10, and I think more 10 to 12. Were not backing off on lets say a ballpark of $10 million number; because part of what happens is number one, we are expanding now that we have the supply. We are expanding and accelerating the launch and number two is that a large retailer, among others, will be re-ordering some of which is not on eyeball. You had a big push in May and them they basically bought nothing in June and July, but theyll be back later because they had a big promotion on back to school and things of that nature.
Song Shen - Goldman Sachs:  So in the fourth quarter we could see revenues somewhere in the anywhere between $6 to $8 million range, does that sound fair to you based on your guidance?
Robert Weiss: Yes, thats right in the $6 to $8 million range.
Song Shen - Goldman Sachs:  The last question is just was there any contribution from the US government rebate checks that trickled through the market this quarter that you can speak of?
Robert Weiss: Not that I noticed, that would be a pure guess. Contact lenses are recession resistant and people are buying their lenses whether or not there is a recession, whether or not they get the check, I would say none.  
Operator:  Your next question comes from Amit Bhalla of Citigroup.
Andy Kiel  Citigroup:  This is Andy Kiel for Amit. We know you said you expect to get to the high sixties to low seventies with margins in silicone hydrogel, so we were wondering if you could give any insight as to where Avaira and Biofinity are now?
Robert Weiss: Other than to say Biofinity when it doubled its yields in March, which will be coming into the P&L in the fourth quarter is hopefully in the sixties. Avaira, which doubled its yield in the third quarter, is still in a ramp-up mode. In other words if were 2/3 of where we need to be, were more in the fifties than we are in the sixties and our expectation is to get into the upper sixties, low seventies all up. 
Andy Kiel  Citigroup:  Maybe, could you just give us an overall outlook then for the silicone hydrogel market?
Robert Weiss: The overall outlook for the silicone hydrogel market, of course it grew 21%, youre talking about the market itself, not us?
Andy Kiel  Citigroup:  Yes.
Robert Weiss: It grew 21% last quarter and I would expect it to continue to grow certainly upper teens going forward as it goes more global as opposed to how much further it can go in the United States. There are some rumblings out there that single-use is starting to catch hold in the United States. I dont know how much that will drastically influence it, so there is some deceleration of silicone hydrogel in the US, but I do think there will be a little bit in pockets like Japan, which has a pretty good size non-single use market meaning 57% of Japan is single use, but that means 43% is primarily a two-week modality, so I think there will be some sustained growth in silicone hydrogels coming from the international effort.  As far as the trading up, you now have Cooper moving up into that modality quite aggressively. No doubt there is a trade up possibly going to, if we went from biomedics to Avaira and or we took someone elses lens and traded up, that phenomena of trade up is still going on to some degree.  I think when you put silicone hydrogel into the package of single use and the fact that some silicone hydrogel lenses are now going to move into the single use arena, I would continue to expect it to be a driver of the overall industry growth. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Steven Willoughby of Cleveland Research. 
Steven Willoughby  Cleveland Research: I have one question regarding Avaira. I know you said you are at two million lenses a month now and Im just wondering how much longer you expect it to take to get to three million lenses. Then once you get the second Gen II line for Avaira, how long do you expect that ramp up to be for that second line? Is it going to take you as long as the first line or somewhere in between?
Robert Weiss:  First of all the two million lenses was just Puerto Rico, so it may not take even a day to get to three million.  The second Avaira line in Puerto Rico, which will arrive some time in the second quarter next year, should ramp up pretty quickly. In other words we always knew that we knew how to use 90% of that line and we werent sure about 10%. We now know we can do a half decent job with that other 10%; so being able to mimic that I dont see as a major challenge. How quickly we move from being 2/3 there to 100% there, Im not even going to attempt to make a prediction on that, because Ive learned from Biofinity its sometimes one-step forward and one step back and it occasionally takes awhile to get two steps forward and one step back. So, I will hedge on when we move to the full three million on that production line in Puerto Rico.  My answer on how long to get to three million just reflects the fact that we have other equipment fast track thats used in the UK also to make Avaira product line. 
Operator:  Your final question comes from Jared Holt of Thomas Weisel. 
Jared Holt  Thomas Weisel Partners :  On the gross margin line, if you just go through the products, you have these dailie disposables, then you have Avaira, Biofinity and you are starting the production for the Avaira Toric and the Biofinity Toric. If you compound all those products it seems like they are all going to be a drag on gross margins over the next year. Is there any reason to believe that between that and not that much leverage out of your operating margins that earnings for 09 are not going to be flat to just slightly up?
Robert Weiss:  First of all products like Biofinity which is now approaching a run rate of $60 million annualized, is not going to be a drag on gross margin. Its already in the mid to upper sixties, so that one, no. Proclear 1-day there is a lot of progress we expect to make in terms of cost of goods in that area. So there is cost of goods improvements going on, but having said that we are acknowledging that the 1-day mix is a drag on gross profit movement, but if it continues at the same rate it did this year, as far as growth in 1-day, there would be some benefit on the operating cost as a percent. It is true that were investing to the extent that we get way ahead of ourselves on 1-day compared to other product lines, then youll see less of a gross margin and less of operating costs definitional wise.  As far as the Avaira line being 2/3 to where we need to get it, yes there is a drag if we dont make further improvements, but I wouldnt call that a substantial drag. We are reasonably confident that we are in around 60 and to answer your question about improvement in 09 versus 08, were basically expecting to move our margin from 57 to 60, which would add basically 3% to your OI going into next year. We in the past have indicated our long-term objective is to grow 15% to 20% earnings per share and we really havent come off that objective.
Jared Holt  Thomas Weisel Partners :  Okay so I guess implied in that means that there is substantial leverage in other areas of the model in SG&A, R&D, and interest expense. Is that the right way to look at it?
Robert Weiss:  Yes, interest expense, if we generate $50 to $100 million next year, were assuming that its quite back ended; so thats about a neutral. As far as G&A that is correct, but next year to get to 15% growth that could be mainly gross margin driven next year. We just did not have 60% gross margins this year, with or without comps.
Jared Holt  Thomas Weisel Partners :  Right, Im just thinking that if you dont call anything out and there are substantial products that are going to be a drag on gross margins, even though you can get lets say 59, 60, 61%, Im just not sure where the other areas of earnings growth are coming from to get you to 15, but I guess we can talk about that another time. Then are you satisfied with the product portfolio you have now? You look at J&J and see that they have maybe six, seven core lenses and they seem to be running pretty efficiently at this point. Are there any plans to deemphasize or not focus on some of your core products in order to get the mix more towards Proclear and silicone?
Robert Weiss:  The answer is we are putting our attention on the new products and a lot of the rest of it is clipping coupons. The way you manage depth of a product line is, for the most part, you increase prices on the product line until the fitter basically says, you know these things are getting a little rich, I think Ill switch to something else. That happens gradually, its not going to be anything that we force rapidly.  If you think of our portfolio from the point of view of what drives high margins and what drives low margins, think of the 1-day modality which has ARPs basically double the two-week, yet it doesnt have costs double. Two-week is a high- margin piece of the business and thats 27% of the global market and J&J doesnt play in that, but that is a high margin because its a one-month modality price point. Think of basically specialty lenses as having high margins, torics, and we still have 34% of our business in specialty lenses; yes the cost of goods are higher, but so arent the ARPs are much higher. Think of multi-focal as a high gross margin business. We happen to be a star there, albeit in a small niche, but there are some indicators that J&J is intent on trying to turn that space, Dave said, publicly into a billion dollar market category. I sure hope they are right, because if anyone can move the needle and create a market in that area and do it part with a push and a pull it would be J&J. We would love for them to put their muscle behind that space and that clearly would be another opportunity for high gross margin business. The only thing thats non-high gross margin, really when you cut through it, is single-use is a challenge and the two-week space is kind of middle of the road, its neither high nor low its more at that 60% point. 
Albert White :  I think were all set. Thank you very much to everyone for calling in and Im sure well talk to a lot of you soon.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-06-05 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Albert White  VP of IR Robert Weiss  President & CEO Eugene Midlock  Sr. VP & CFO
Analysts:  Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan Larry Biegelsen - Wachovia Capital Markets Unidentified Analyst - Citigroup Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets Lawrence Keush - Goldman Sachs Peter Bye - Jefferies & Company Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird 
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to The Cooper Companies second quarter 2008 conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for todays call, Mr. Albert White, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer; please proceed.
Albert White: Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to the Cooper Companies second quarter 2008 conference call. Im Albert White, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer and joining me on todays call are Robert Weiss, President and Chief Executive Officer and Eugene Midlock, Chief Financial Officer.  Before we get started Id like to remind you that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including all revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market conditions and planned product launches.  Forward-looking statements necessarily depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption forward looking statements in todays earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including the business and risk factors section of Coopers annual report on form 10-K. These are available publicly and on request from the companies Investor Relations department.  Now before I turn the call over the Robert, let me comment on the agenda for the call. Robert will begin by providing highlights of the quarter followed by details on several key topics. Following Roberts remarks Eugene will comment on the second quarter financial results. We will then open up the call for questions.  With that, let me turn the call over to Robert for his opening remarks. 
Robert Weiss: Thank you Albert and good afternoon everyone. I hope everyone was as excited about our results as we were as we issued our press release moments ago on our second quarter results. Before I get too much into the details Id like to make sure that everyone understands that if you hear nothing else, Id like you to walk away with certain key highlights and key messages from todays call. First of all, the global contact lens market remains very strong. We dont say its recession proof we do its recession resistant. So we have a great market that were participating in. Secondly our products are doing fantastic. We view we have the best-in-class products in each of the three modalities of contact lenses; the single-use lenses which is our Proclear one-day entre and the two-week space which is dominant in the United States where two-thirds of the market is one-week and two-week, we now have launched Avaira. And in the monthly space we have Biofinity best-in-class in the silicone hydrogel monthly market. Financially were performing very solidly. Our restructuring charges are almost behind us. We continue to see manufacturing improvements across all product lines and we should start seeing free cash flow in the third quarter, if not a net positive very close to a positive. CooperSurgical continues to perform well and really supports the overall business with its free cash flow. As far as second quarter results, I view them as very impressive and hope you share that. We had $263 million in revenue, up 17% and 10% in constant currency. CooperVision had revenue of $222 million, up 18% and 10% in constant currency. CooperSurgical contributed $41.5 million plus 11% and 9% of that was organic growth. Our earnings per share in accordance with GAAP was $0.25 for the quarter and our earnings per share excluding call-outs was $0.49. Ill let Eugene elaborate on the details of a lot of the numbers. As far as new products driving the top line, Biofinity for the quarter had revenue of $12.4 million which is now at a $50 million annualized run rate and thats in line with our $50 million to $70 million of expectation for the fiscal year. Biofinity sequential growth was 37% above the first quarter which was $9 million in revenue. Biofinity effective in March of this year, no longer had any rationalization going on worldwide, in fact we now have adequate capacity of [sphere] to roll it out country by country anywhere it is approved to be sold. Biofinity will now be rolling out expanded powers into higher minuses and pluses so it will be filling out the range.  Proclear or one-day single-use product, had revenue of $7 million, up 1200% above the prior year but importantly sequentially 47% above the first quarter. Proclear one-day also effective March of this year no longer had capacity constraints. Overall our single-use sphere market was up 62% above the prior year, 44% in constant currency. Avaira was launched in April of this year. It had insignificant sales for the second quarter of only $114,000. Avaira is capacity constrained today but we are ramping up nicely. Avaira we expect to meet or exceed the $8 million to $10 million of targeted revenue we had in our fiscal 2008 guidance. Part of our bullishness on that is the fact is that in May of this year, we sold $2.6 million of Avaira. Some of that included certain chains.  So that leaves us feeling very comfortable as far as our expectation there and quite frankly were probably more in the $10 million to $12 million of comfort level then the $8 million to $10 million thats in our guidance. As far as Proclear one-day, when I say its best-in-class thats our entre into the single-use market which comprises 34% of the world or $1.8 billion. Avaira participates in the two-week space which is 39% of the world market or $2 billion market and Biofinity participates in the monthly space which all monthly and beyond is 27% of the world market or $1.4 billion.  So having a play in each and every one of the modalities we view is very crucial to our success going forward. As far as future products are concerned our outlook is bright. With Biofinity we now have a manufacturing platform that will allow for $200 million in revenue which equates to about $70 million of lenses of through-put. With that expanded capacity we are now on track to launch a silicone hydrogel toric that were now forecasting for the first quarter of calendar year 2009. In fact we expect to start production this quarter. We will launch with 1200 SKUs, not 864 like a competitor recently did. We will launch an expanded range of 3800 SKUs that we will expand out within 12 months. We will also launch a two-week silicone hydrogel toric by the end of calendar year 2009. We remain on track to launch Proclear one-day in Japan in the first half of fiscal year 2009 and keep in mind Japan is a $1.1 billion market; 57% of that is single-use lenses. So Proclear one-day which is a very nice entre will--we expect a lot of good things out of it in Japan. We expect new products to exceed 70% of our revenue in 2012 and today our new products that weve launched since 2005 exceed 26% of our revenue. As far as the market is concerned were cutting back on a lot of the data that weve done, slicing and dicing it so many different ways that people start losing focus on which numbers were talking about. So hopefully you find the press release a little streamlined and it was very intentional that we cut back on some of the volumes of data weve thrown out there at everyone. What you or we need to know about the market is that in calendar year 2007 it was a $5.2 billion market and it grew in constant currency 7%. In the first quarter of this calendar year it grew 6% so we have a solid market and it continues solid in spite of the recession that may be plaguing the United States and others. The drivers in Q1 2008, single-use was up 11% in constant currency and now accounts for 34% of the market. Silicone hydrogel was up 31% in constant currency and now accounts for 30% of the global soft contact lens market or over $1.4 billion. In the United States new fits were 51% of the total fits in the silicone hydrogel modality and in torics 45% were silicone hydrogel fits. Looking at our products in the second quarter ended April 30th, our single-use was up 44% in constant currency. Our Proclear family of products was up 25% and our geographic expansion in Asia Pacific saw a growth there of 22% also in constant currency. Silicone hydrogel really Biofinity is now at a $50 million run rate and as I indicated its within our range of $50 million to $70 million estimate for this fiscal year for Biofinity. Were obviously excited about this momentum and weve only just begun to rollout Avaira, our two-week space. Regarding Avaira yes its true that weve distributed the product to Wal-Mart. I can confirm that. Regarding Avaira yes its true its available for private labels, if its a win-win for us and the large chain. And yes its true we are on track to beat or exceed the $8 million to $10 million of revenue for this fiscal year. We are also on track to rollout 10,000 fitting kits by the end of this fiscal year and expect to rollout a total of 17,000 in rolling out the product over the next 12 months. We sold $2.6 million in May as I indicated. This is why we remain and are very confident of beating the $8 million to $10 million in our guidance. As far as guidance, cash flow and CapEx and margin, just to pull that all together, Ill let Eugene get into the Q2 numbers in a lot more depth but importantly we have not changed our guidance. We expect to improve our GAAP gross margins and operating margins going forward. We have great visibility on start-up costs for three key areas. We can see what is going to hit the P&L seven months in advance. The three key products being, high volume conversion that we did late last year onto Gen II, the Proclear one-day as well as Biofinity. Two months after our year-end shutdown in December which we do as a matter of historical cycle we shut the plant down during a slow period, we did a conversion over of certain things we learned in our [line five] of Biofinity which was given to R&D and as a result of that we saw our yields double compared to between November of 2007 and March of 2008, we doubled. That equated to going from two million lenses a month to four million lenses a month at the same cost. What does that mean? If I were to translate having two million more of lenses available to sell and assume you sell about 70% of them at a price of around $4 or more, that would be $5.6 million monthly or $67 million annually of theoretical revenue and gross margin. There is zero incremental cost on that. So one of the drivers going from GAAP where we were to where were headed and why were confident on the visibility is the fact that thats in the bag. Weve already done that conversion. And we already know that we have the yields above our targeted 50% yield for Biofinity. Today Biofinity is hitting the P&L at a run rate of $50 million and with the capacity we already have in place that we sunk in the CapEx for, we can exceed $200 million in revenue. Among other things, were expanding the power range. Were accelerating the silicone hydrogel toric launch into the calendar year of first quarter next year. As I indicated were going to be in production on that this quarter. We expect to expand Biofinity beyond torics into multifocals sometime later in 2009 or when capacity allows. Important message here is with Biofinity weve already sunk in the CapEx. We have the capacity to generate four times as much revenue of it. Were beating our targeted yields in manufacturing cost. Marchs manufacturing cost was less then one-half of November and December. And Biofinity is the majority of the call-outs that you see in our P&L that you see in the second quarter. As we leverage CapEx and capacity or our GAAP gross margin will go up, our operating margin will improve and also will our free cash flow. On CapEx in 2006 we started six major projects that required in excess of $400 million. Three are completed costing over $150 million; Biofinity, distribution centers and the high volume conversion onto Gen II. Our building expansions in the UK and Puerto Rico are essentially complete. Our one-day capacity expansion which is over $150 million represented 13 Gen II lines allowed us to support the best case demand scenario and quite frankly given the large lead time weve ended up with more capital then we currently need today; theres a good news and bad news scenario about that. The good news is that in the future we will not need to supplement those cash requirements and its also true that weve been running capacity constraint forever and for the first time like many good corporations that run in the neighborhood of 75% to 80% capacity, well have the latitude to back up a line that may go down and do certain other things that were interested in doing. So as much as anything while we got ahead of ourselves and therefore you saw capital be quite high and some of those capital requisitions are still in the pipeline so through the end of the first quarter of 2009 some of what we ordered last year will still be rippling through the system. After the first quarter of next year, CapEx will drop off very noticeably. In addition to CapEx to be spent in 2008 and 2009 we still need to sink in money into the Avaira production area and as a result of that our CapEx requirements going forward are going to be predominantly in that arena together with maintenance CapEx. Key messages, most of our six high ticket capital projects are complete. Capital will drop off from the $160 million to $170 million in 2008 to $125 million to $140 million in 2009. And even further post 2009 we would expect below the bottom end of that $125 million low end of the range were giving you for 2009. Unlike the past three years, we wont have to shift where we make most of our products. We wont have to shift where we distribute essentially all of our products and we wont have to introduce all new products in every modality such as the two-week, the one-day, etc.  So all that translates to while weve had negative cash flow in the first six months of this year, about $64 million, we should be closer to a breakeven over the next two quarters and quite frankly expecting to be positive and going forward with much less capital requirements in 2009, we will be cash positive. We would expect north of the $50 million range and thereafter in 2009 we would expect to be north of $100 million as among other things CapEx drops, revenue leverages our plant capacity, operating margins and gross margins improve and then one other thing, weve sunk a lot of money into inventory build for all these new products and we will start getting some cash out of the inventory build and leverage that more efficiently in our distribution centers. CooperSurgical our womens healthcare franchise is running very smoothly. In spite of a fair amount of non-US sourcing, its gross margin remains around 60%. CooperSurgicals GAAP operating income was 19%. Our partnering with the OBGYN beyond the office setting, that is the hospital, has been a stellar success contributing to our organic growth of 9%. Products targeted in hospitals grew 17% in the second quarter or $12 million and now represents 29% of Surgicals revenues worldwide. With minimal capital requirements, with a solid balance sheet ratio in both inventory and receivables, CooperSurgical generates a lot of free cash flow.  The effective tax rate, Id like to make one brief comment on, Ill let Eugene say whatever else hed like to about it, but I wont try to steal his thunder there, our effective tax rate today is in the upper 20s. It reflects the fact that essentially all of our $35 million of call-outs anticipated this year, have no tax benefit and as a result if you were to exclude those or as they go away, our effective tax rate from a GAAP perspective should drop right back down to the 15% to 17% range.  In summary before I turn it over Eugene, remember the key messages; the soft contact lens market is doing great. Its recession resistant. CooperVision now has three new products in each of the major modalities; the one-day, the two-week and the monthly. We now have for the first time adequate capacity in the one-day and the monthly modality. We have visibility on our improving margin trends factoring in inventory turns. Our CapEx will be declining post 2008 and noticeably post 2009, second half. And with higher revenue, improving operating margins and declining CapEx we expect to generate substantial cash flow in the future. And lastly CooperSurgical continues to contribute a solid performance.  With that Ill turn it over to Eugene.
Eugene Midlock: Thanks Robert, good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. Id like to spend a few minutes briefly, and I stress briefly, reviewing some of our key financial results for the quarter. Ill try not to provide too many statistics and numbers so as to kill everyone. You can refer to our news release as well as the 10-Q which will be filed tomorrow morning at about 11:00 Pacific Time for more details.  So let me begin by commenting on revenue and product sales, we had a very strong quarter with revenue of $263.5 million which is up 17% over the prior year and 10% constant currency as Robert indicated. CooperVision grew 18%, CooperSurgical grew 11%; so both of our operating divisions had very strong double-digit growth. Product sales, Robert summarized fairly well, but as youll note in the news release, our specialty lens group grew 11% over 2007. Proclear products grew 33% and the real gainer was our single-use spheres which were up 62% and that was recognized in all of our geographies. Asia Pac and EMA were up around 60% and the Americas were up approximately 95%. So were really pleased with our growth in our daily lens business. Geography-wise, overall basis, the Americas grew by 10%, Europe 20% and Asia Pac 38%; so solid growth again throughout the world for all of our products. CooperSurgicals product line also grew very well as Robert indicated. The products that we sell to hospitals were up 17%. Our IVF unit sales were up 18% and the international business unit sales were up 25%. So really strong 11% growth overall. Turning to gross margin our consolidated gross margin was 57% compared to 55% in the second quarter of 2007 and if we exclude our non-GAAP expenses, gross margin was 61% compared with 63% in last years second quarter. This breaks out with CooperVision had a gross margin of 57% compared to 55% last year. If we exclude the call-outs the gross margin was 61% compared with 63% in 2007. This was largely attributable to product mix due to the large growth in our lower margin single-use lenses as I mentioned earlier. But as we go through the fiscal year our cost per lens for Proclear and silicone hydrogel will decrease and will favorably impact our gross margins when those products flow through inventory and the cost of sales which should be in Q4. Hence we expect gross margins in the low 60% by year-end. CooperSurgical has a gross margin of 595 which was largely unchanged from 2007.  Consolidated operating margin was 11% compared to 5% last year. If we exclude the call-outs operating margin was 15% which was pretty much the same as last year. CooperVision had operating margin of 12% compared to 6% last year. If we exclude call-outs the operating margin was 17% compared to 19% last year. This decrease is generally attributable again to additional selling and marketing expenses associated with our new product launches and increase in the revenue mix of less margin products. Surgicals operating margin was 19% compared to 17% in 2007 and again that reflects a better leveraging of selling and marketing expenses.  SG&A expenses increased by 7% over Q2 of last year but decreased by 4% as a percentage of revenue from 45% to 41%. If you break this apart, selling expenses which includes marketing and distribution and so forth, increased by 11% and are 31% of revenue. This reflects the impact of increased sales in new product introductions. G&A expenses decreased by 6% and are 10% of revenue. This reflects enhanced leveraging of our G&A and some savings attributable to share-based compensation. Both categories of expense decreased equally by 2% as a percentage of sales. On a non-GAAP basis SG&A increased by 13% over Q2 of 2007 but decreased by 1% as a percent of revenue from 41% to 40%. Selling expenses increased by 18% and are 31% of revenue versus 30% in 2007 and G&A decreased by 2% and are 9% of revenue versus 11% last year. Looking at R&D expenses in Q2 they increased by 15% over last year to $9.1 million and represent 3% of revenue. CVIs R&D increased 18% to $8 million and 4% of revenue in Q2. CooperSurgicals R&D were $1.1 million, substantially the same as in the prior year and 3% of revenue. On a run rate in the future we expect R&D to be approximately 3.5% to 4%. Now if you look at the six month numbers it may appear that R&D actually decreased by 10% but last year in Q1 CooperSurgical had $4.2 million of in-process R&D expenses in connection with an acquisition. Adjust for that and the R&D expenses actually were up 16% year-over-year.  Looking at our call-outs or our non-GAAP adjustments, they were $11.4 million in Q2 versus $14.2 million in Q1. Details are contained in an appendix in the news release. We expect again theyll be around $35 million for 2008 or $0.50 to $0.70 a share. We expect theyll decrease in Q3 and more significantly drop off in Q4. Note, we will not call out manufacturing inefficiencies associated with Avaira or silicone hydrogel torics. We no longer call-out stock-based compensation, note however, and well talk about this in a moment, we do expect if our convertible bonds are put to us in Q3 there could be a $3 million adjustment for unamortized bond issuance cost. Effective tax rate for Q2 on a year-to-date basis is 28.76%. For the year we expect it to be on a GAAP basis 18% to 20% and on a non-GAAP basis of 15% to 17%. Again its higher in Q2 because of the adoption of FIN 48 which requires that you adjust for more items discretely then you do in the effective rate calculation as well as catch-up adjustments to match our forecast for the rest of the year. This rate will decrease in Q3 again because of more discrete items but note that if we have geographic fluctuations in where we earn our revenue of any significance it will impact the rate. Lastly Id like to just address our convertible debentures which we sent out a news release earlier this week, it is possible that holders of the $115 million 2.625% converts which are due in 2023, they have a put option on June 30th and it is possible some or all of these holders may choose to do so if the share price is not equal to $44.40. The put is expected to be funded with our $650 million revolving credit facility which will result in an increase in our interest rate to around 5% from 2.625%. There will be an approximate, as I mentioned, $3 million one-time charge in Q3 for non-amortized capitalized debenture issuance costs which we incurred when we issued the bonds. We expect that the put will be around $0.05 a share dilutive in Q3 and should be $0.02 a share accretive in Q4 and overall for the year, itll be dilutive by $0.05. On a non-GAAP basis it looks like it would be slightly accretive in Q3 and thereafter and if youre running your models, make sure you remember to adjust the shares outstanding when we retire the bonds. With that Ill conclude and turn the program back over Albert White.
Albert White: Thank you Eugene, thank you Robert. Well take questions now.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan
Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan:  Basically J&J disclosed today at its Analyst Meeting that one, an astigmatism lens is being launched this month in the US and now its available globally. Two they also are coming out with a silicone hydrogel lens on the daily disposable side utilizing a new silicone hydrogel material there. And they also disclosed that theyre completing the clinicals on their drug delivery lens for ocular allergies and they expect to file that later this year. Just given that you wont have a silicone hydrogel toric offering until 2009 does this change your view at all on toric share for the balance of the year? And what do you think your prospects are for a daily silicone hydrogel lens and then do you have an internal program and have you made any progress in developing a drug delivery lens of your own to compete with J&J? 
Robert Weiss: As far aswe havent really quoted our toric market share other then to say that once we come out with our own product line in the silicone hydrogel space that we expect to hold it, but coming off of a 33 worldwide we dont have our own expectations of holding share. Having said that, dealing with OasisOasis is coming out with another two-week spot where Acuvue Advance for astigmatism is Triple A. Price the same thing. There are two reads on that. Historically J&J has done a trading-up mode from Acuvue Two to Acuvue Advance and then from Acuvue Advance to Oasis. Well theyve been trying to trade-up 20% or 30% each step-up, interestingly theyre not trying to do it with Oasis, theyre listing the price the same. And $24.00 a six-pack is what its being listed at. It seems to me what theyre doing is somewhat defensive. That Acuvue Advance for astigmatism is not the product they want to go with longer term.  The other thing to keep in mind is typically a doctor will not move from a monthly modality to a two week modality so theyre coming into their same sweet spot of the market not finding their way into the monthly modality market; my opinion. Secondly theas it pertains to the fact that theyre already in the two-week space, the fact that Acuvue Advance for astigmatism has been out there and doing pretty well, those people that wanted to trade to a two week silicone hydrogel lens by and large have traded over a long time ago. So those that are believers in the hydrogel side of the market and its clearly among other things, its the argument of if Im taking them out every day Im more concerned about the comfort level and theres just enough of a cult that believes in the softness and the hydrogel attributes, higher water content for example, that I would argue while it isnt a positive for all competitors by and large its not a big deal. Its mainly them trying to hold on to what theyve got. As far as the one-day daily, that thing really is seems to be geographic-oriented. If Im J&J and I own the one-day market and I already have a premium product called Moist, that is substantially priced higher then anyone elses and then I come out with a silicone hydrogel lens that is going to beto try to price at or above that, its going to be a real difficult chore to take anything other then their own share and it doesnt sound like a good trade-up strategy because Im not sure theyre not hitting road blocks on trading people up even higher then what they are. And theyre probably in the neighborhood of 50% premium to the other tier of single-use out there. So I see it asand they have a lot to lose not much to gain from two fronts. One is theyre going after themselves without a trade-up strategy. Two is it probably cost them more and actually three is what really baffles me, is theres ongoing litigation between Seeba and J&J and so far J&J has lost on every front and the last thing I would do is take something that is in a comfort zone called Acuvue Moist and put it in a double jeopardy zone called silicone hydrogel. So maybe they knowIm sure theyre a smart company, they know what theyre doing, I think, buy Im not sold on where thats going and from our perspective globally its not a big deal. It may make some headway in Europe but once again, thats where theyre the most ripe on the litigation front. As far as the drug delivery I dont think contact lenses are going to become a household word for how you deliver drugs to your eyes. We are working on that. I would call it nichey but by and large the drug delivery is going to be more a new niche that people are trying to develop. The average person wearing contact lenses isnt going to rush out to say I want one that delivers a drug. I think its got a long road from a regulatory point of view before the FDA is going to say yes, good idea to deliver drugs to your eye via a contact lens. So were working on it but itsin terms of number one through number 10 priority, I wouldnt put it in the top half of that list. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen - Wachovia Capital Markets
Larry Biegelsen - Wachovia Capital Markets:  In the past you talked about you were uncertain about some of the spending related to the launches of your silicone hydrogel now that you have a better understanding of what your capacity is and what your launch plans might be, how should we think about SG&A spending relative to sales growth? Is that going to exceed sales growth over the next couple of years and if so, can you help us think about that? Could you quantify that for us a little bit better? 
Robert Weiss: I guess the way I think about it is overall operating costs, if we were to do a product line P&L on Avaira were not going to make money on it this year. We probably wont make money on it next year. You dont try to make money from the get go as long as you know it has good legs. That translates to continuing to invest in fitting sets and it translates into investing in the distribution channels we have available, meaning our sales and marketing organization and it also translates, depending on how much blending there is between private label. The one thing that could happen is private label is a trade-off between operating costs and lower margins so its got to be win-win; a win for us and if we leverage a large chain through private labels, then there should not be a higher percentage of G&A associated with that. Where we are going to continue to get leverage is the distribution centers that weve set up and G&A in those areas. So if we were to breakout SG&A I would expect our sales and marketing and the trial lenses to grow at least as fast as sales. I would expect to get a lot of leverage out of distribution and G&A and as Eugene indicated, we expect to grow our R&D at or above the revenue growth so net, net, net operating costs which are currently around 45% will drift down over a longer haul, I would say from 45 it will work itself toward the low 40s. From the point of view of gross margins, theyll be somewhat influenced by the one-day mix coupled with how much private label going one way and then going the way is theres a number of manufacturing improvements we expect to make that will keep trying to push the gross margin up as well as the shift to silicone hydrogel lenses.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Unidentified Analyst - Citigroup 
Unidentified Analyst  Citigroup: On Avaira production, can you give us an update on Avaira production out of the UK plant and give us a sense of how yields and utilization levels are tracking in Puerto Rico versus UK and when you will see production out of Puerto Rico? 
Robert Weiss: Yields in the UK on fast track are at or above that of that Biofinity already. So were alreadytheres no risk to the way we view fast track and theres no risk to our ability to support the $8 million to $10 million or the $10 million to $12 million. Relative to are we getting product from Puerto Rico, yes we are. Theyre making--it sequentially theyre doing at or above our expectation and keep in mind with Avaira in Puerto Rico its an engineer challenge, it is not a chemist challenge. We already know the chemistry. We actually know 90% of the platform so a small piece of the technology gets a lot of attention and as a result of that, we get to do a lot more trial and error. So as we see it within 12 months, we expect to hit a level that were comfortable with on that technology which is to say that we think we will get the platforma $30 million piece of equipment up to the level of making 36 million lenses a year or a ballpark three million and were proceeding in a very satisfactory mode.  To the extent were making more lenses then would support the $10 million to $12 million we may or may not sell those lenses given the fact that we have a lot of paranoia about going on back order with large chains, we would rather build some buffer stock. Were going to play that conservative and not at all risk getting ahead of ourselves with certain or multiple large chains and then cant deliver. Delivering is everything on that one. 
Unidentified Analyst  Citigroup: On margins for Biofinity and Avaira do you care to share those with us or give us a range of where they are?
Robert Weiss: The only thing I can help you with on BiofinityIll make two points. One is our gross margins for silicone hydrogel we expect to get to the upper 60s to low 70s over the next two years, by the end of two years. Relative to the ramp up of where we are, were making Biofinity well below what we thought we would make. The yields are north of the targeted 50%. When I did the math of the four million lenses compared to two million lenses at the same price that translates to 100% gross margin on those last two million lenses. If you blend that all it moves up your margins substantially. What were telling you is all those call-outs associated with the lenses made prior to January of this year, are substantially gone from the point of view of whats going onto the balance sheet. So we pretty much have the visibility that our margins for Biofinity will move into the upper 60s. On Avaira were early in the game. While fast track has done spectacular compared to our expectation was easy to do. The real trick to gross margins is going to be the high volume one in Puerto Rico and were a little early to get to cocky about it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets
Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets:  Id like to ask a question about Avaira, if you could go into a little bit more detail about your ASPs on Avaira and how youre positioning the product in your launch, whats your strategy there? 
Robert Weiss: As far as ASPs, we list the product at $19.00 a six-pack and that compares to Oasis at $20.25. So were below that on the listing. I wont get into exact average realized prices obviously for competitive reasons, but suffice it to say, if we get into large volume rollouts with retailers, it is likely to be somewhat below that $19.00. I dont want to put too much color on where it is other then its not unusually low and if we were to do private label that obviously would be a full debate over how much the retailer is going to put behind the product. So other then to say were under Oasis, the product is in my opinion as good or better then--its 30% softer from the point of view not being as rigid a material. So it has a lot of features that are going its way and we think it will do well in the market. 
Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets: Can you comment on what youve seen so far in terms of reorder rates and comment on whether or not any of Avaira is on backorder with any of your customers?
Robert Weiss: I cant comment on reorder rates, it really iswere a little over a month into it and by and large the job is getting it out there onto the shelves where the ODs of some of these chainshope I didnt come across as saying were only selling it to the large retailers. We are treating our loyal independent private practitioners. They are also being targeted by our sales guys. But having said that at the reorder point were way too early to have any read on that. I would say one thing, everyone that has tried it loves it. We hear rave reviews--I cant translate that into financial dollars and cents at this point. 
Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets: You said that you are constrained on Avaira but not on the other lines?
Robert Weiss: We are capacity constrained on Avaira and will probably be capacity constrained on Avaira for the next Id say at least the next 12 months. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lawrence Keush - Goldman Sachs
Lawrence Keush  Goldman Sachs:  As it relates to the call-outs, you did about $26 million year-to-date, youre talking $35 million, I just want to get a sense of the gating, is 80% of the remaining call-out in the third quarter and a little bit left in the fourth? I just want to get a feel for how youre thinking about that? 
Robert Weiss: I think its accurate to say, I dont know if its exactly 80% but there is a huge drop-off after the end of the third quarter and thats nothing more then if you use the seven month factor youll see how a lot of that will drop off. 
Lawrence Keush  Goldman Sachs: You went a little fast with the cash flow expectations Im wondering if you could just run through that quickly with your comments for 2008 and 2009.
Robert Weiss: Basically were out the door about $64 million year-to-date, $16 million this last quarter. Our expectation is that for the balance of this year well be net positive to and including in the third quarter we expect to be net positiveitll be close but my bet if you will, is that we are positive. Going into next year, we expect to generate free cash flow in excess of $50 million. Relative to gating of capital requirements, there will be a huge drop-off after the first quarter of next year and thats because all of ourthe money were now spending was pretty much committed over the last six to 12 months. A lot of these equipments have 12 month to 18 month lead times. In the case of the large Avaira line, it would be 18 month lead times as well as CapEx on building expansion. So the visibility is once weve flushed through those existing commitments we know that we have more then enough capacity on Biofinity, on the one-day modality and the only one were continuing to source if you will in terms of CapEx requirements is primarily Avaira and then just wrapping up one building expansion in Puerto Rico that will be pretty much money out the door by the end of this calendar year. 
Lawrence Keush  Goldman Sachs: With the revolver and obviously not contemplating the put of the convert here, where do you stand with the available borrowings on that and where are you with your EBITDA covenant right now?
Robert Weiss: As far as we have adequate capacity under our revolver to convert the debt from 2 5/8 to theunderneath the revolver. On EBITDA coverage, lets say were comfortably there. Were monitoringwe obviously are keenly aware of our covenants and monitor that very religiously. 
Lawrence Keush  Goldman Sachs: You dont have your kind of where you wound up at the end of the quarter with whats available on that revolver?
Eugene Midlock: I can give you that exact number, I think it was like $225 million, something like that available.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Bye - Jefferies & Company
Peter Bye - Jefferies & Company: On guidance, I guess youve got some visibility on gross margins because of the inventory youre going to work through and you know what your margins were on this product earlier this year, if I just sort of add up what you did the first half of the year on pro forma EPS and if I assume no expansion from back half last years pro forma EPS, I get to $217. Now I understand interest expense a little bit higher and thats only $0.03 or $0.04 and I was just wondering whereperhaps whats precluding you from raising up the bottom end of the range? Well if you keep pro forma EPS flat from a year-ago even though youve had a fair amount of progress on the manufacturing front, why would EPS conceivably even possibly be flat from the back half last year? 
Robert Weiss: I think thats a fair question whether or not it should be flat with the prior year. We do have the investment in Avaira thats going on. And quite frankly we took a position where we didnt think we had enough change to want to change our guidance every quarter. So were kind of sticking with the range. The range is a little broader then it should be right now, you can argue we could have tightened it a bit. But I think those two factors are number one the Avaira launch and two is the fact that we just didnt change the range. 
Peter Bye - Jefferies & Company: The Avaira launch, is it just the SG&A cost of launching the product or do you mean just because youre not calling out the incremental cost of goods sales or both?
Robert Weiss: The Avaira launch start-up costs, weve made a decision not to flush that into the world of the call-outs. Is there start-up costs flowing through the P&L? Yes there is particularly as it relates to thewas we start hitting the P&L in the first six months with the Puerto Rico line equipment. That is a factor that will put some burden on gross margins that are not being called out. 
Peter Bye - Jefferies & Company: The range on GAAP is $0.45 and youve got $0.25 on non-GAAP and I guess certainly a $3 million on the put amortization expense explains some of it but theres another $7 million there. Given how far were through the year and they really fall off the cliff after September, Im just wondering what that delta is? Where that $7 million could fall or in call-outs?
Robert Weiss: In terms of where its going to fall, its going to fall heavily in the third quarter. 
Peter Bye - Jefferies & Company: I just meant theresyouve got a wider range for your GAAP and non-GAAP right and its pretty much most of its in Q3 so Im just wondering whats accounting for the $10 million and sort of delta net income. Certainly $3 as you said could be thepotentially for the convertible put, Im just wondering what the other $7 million delta could be. Or what sort of plays into that wider range?
Robert Weiss: A lot of that is start-up costs from a manufacturing point of view, not the put. 
Albert White: If Im understanding you right, we did take a look at altering guidance just to bring them together but rather then change guidance every single quarter, we just held it. 
Peter Bye - Jefferies & Company: On the toric that you have going out there, are the monthly and the two-week going to be on the same platform? Are they both sort of out of the Biofinity type platforms on the UK or arecan you just explain a little bit?
Robert Weiss: Biofinity will go first, thats the one that goes into production this quarter and will be launched in the calendar year first quarter next year, 2009. And then towards the end of calendar year 2009 will be an Avaira platform. The big difference is the Biofinity product can be produced on the existing Biofinity lines. The Avaira toric will not be on a Gen II, the one we have in Puerto Rico. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird:  It looks to me adjusted CVI gross margin this quarter hit a five year low, I understand your comments that gross margin improvements can be seen with dailies and Biofinity over the next few quarters, but I also, at least in my model, I have to factor in start-up Avaira costs, potentially some start-up toric [inaudible] costs, and private label gross margin drags on the Avaira, so I guess my question boils down to where do you see gross margin on a CVI basis going on an adjusted basis over the next six to 18 months? And Eugene, you noted a low 60% gross margin for CVI this year, I thought prior guidance was a little more defined at 61% to 63%, should we assume low 60% could mean below the low end of that 61% to 63% for this year and maybe into 2009? 
Eugene Midlock: No, 61% to 635 is still accurate. 
Robert Weiss: The only thing Id add to that is why were hedging a little on the wording 61% to 63%, low 60% is given the robustness of our expansion of the one-daythe 62% growth in one-day for the quarter was eye-popping and obviously if we aggressively shift into that modality while were catching up with the silicone hydrogel pulling it the other way, that could keep us at the low end of that range of the 61% to 63%.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: And the low end of that range not just over the balance of this year but probably as we go through 2009 as well?
Robert Weiss: I would say as we go through 2009, I think whats going to happen is youre going to start seeing the silicone hydrogel pulling the other way and then theres ongoing cost reductions that are occurring but theres kind of a race between the two horses and the more the one-day modality wins out and Im not saying its going to continue to win out at that rate, were not projecting that type of a growth rate. Thats the one that causes me to hesitate; which is it. Private label if we got big into private label, that would push the silicone hydrogel from the upper 60s low 70s into the low, probably the low to mid 60s so that would have a mix impact but it would be favorable on the operating cost line. Were not going to be the one that goes out and does all of the leg work like Viscon may do or someone that does a lot of commercial work, undoubtedly that would be the private label company. 
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: On the Avaira toric will that not go on the Gen II line or can you just maybe finish that answer a little more clearly?
Robert Weiss: The Avaira toric will go on existing type of equipment we have in-house, modified for that product but it will not be on a Gen II type, it will not be on a high volume. Itll be a low volume high SKU production level. 
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird: Your comments on the Wal-Mart agreement and that you are shipping to both maybe retail locations and private practitioner, some of the channel feedback were hearing is that at least a good number of private practitioners or other ways of getting lenses on the private practitioner side are kind of being told they may not have access to Avaira for the next three months or so as most of that product is being diverted to Wal-Mart. Does that have a near-term margin impact Im assuming and can you just clarify that combined with your comments that private practitioners are still getting the Avaira product?
Robert Weiss: Everyone is on allocation including the retail or the chains so each sales rep has got an allotment to go out to the market with and were not going to expand beyond our reach that were capable of supporting but were not diverting it all from one channel or the other. Whoever we sign up as a customer we will support that customer and thatswhen I talked about holding back inventory even if were making more currently, it doesnt meanit just means that until we have enough buffer stock to expand beyond our first pass intentions of who gets it that we wont go beyond it. Youre right, there are accounts being told you have to wait because theres only so many units to go around at this juncture. 
Albert White:  Were going to wrap it up. Thank you to everyone who called in and talk to you next quarter.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-03-07 16:56:00) =====
Executives:  Albert White-Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasury Robert Weiss-Chief Executive Officer  Eugene J. Midlock-Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President
Analysts:  Joanne Wuensch -BMO Capital Markets-US Jared Holt-Bear Stearns Michael Weinstein-JP Morgan  Larry Biegelsen -Wachovia  Peter Bye-SG Cowen Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird  
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the first quarter 2008 The Cooper Companies Inc. Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for todays call, Mr. Al White. Please proceed. 
Albert White:  Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to the Cooper Companies First Quarter 2008 Conference Call. Im Al White, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasury and joining me on todays call are: Bob White, Chief Executive Officer and Eugene Midloch, Chief Financial Officer.  Before we get started Id like to remind you that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 including revenue and earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market conditions and planned product launches.  Forward-looking statements necessarily depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions of the company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption forward looking statements in todays earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including the business section of Coopers annual report on form 10-K. These are available publicly and on request from the companies Investor Relations department.  Now before I turn the call over the Bob, let me comment on the agenda for the call. Bob will begin by providing some highlights on the quarter, then get into specific details including product launches, guidance and management changes. Following Bobs remarks, Gene will comment on the first quarter financial results and provide some additional commentary on our guidance for 2008. We will than open up the call for questions.  Our intent is to keep the management presentation to roughly 30 minutes followed by 30 minutes of Q&A, so that the call will last one hour in total. We request that anyone asking questions please limit yourself to only one question so that we may get to as many callers as possible in the allotted time. Should you have any additional questions following the call, please call Wendy Catie at 925-460-3663. Once again, thats 925-460-3663 and well get back to you as soon as possible.  As a reminder this call is being recorded and a copy of the press release is available on our website www.cooperco.com under investor relations. With that, let me turn the call over to Bob for his opening remarks.  
Robert Weiss:  Al thank you and good afternoon everyone. Well, we finally have something I think we can feel real good about. What Ill say is a lot of great news. Before I get into the details Id like to make a few just brief comments. One is covering some good news on results, some good news on market share gains, great news on the launch of Avaira, our two week silicone hydrogel product. Great news on our manufacturing of Biofinity, some outstanding news about CapEx and free cash flow that I know many of you are waiting for and then just a brief comment on the market looking robust going forward.  On operating results we met or actually exceeded our internal targets and as a result of that we are highly confident going forward of hitting our revenue and our EPS goals and as you can see in our release, we actually increased our guidance both as to revenue and as to earnings per share.  As far as market gains, if we look back over calendar year 2007, keeping in mind that the industry tracks by and large on a calendar year basis and a calendar basis, we actually exceeded the growth of the market. And that was in spite of the fact that we really werent a participant in the silicone hydrogel market to any degree. So thats really good news if we were able to gain market share even before we had a robust launch of Biofinity and now the Avaira product line.  As far as manufacturing some outstanding news on that; Biofinity had a record month in February of 3.8 million lenses. That reflects the fact that we had a planned shut down at the end of the calendar year, converted some of the lines to the new technology we learned from our line 5 as we called it, which was the R&D line. And, once we basically validated all those lines we see that were getting a much better yield and Ill talk to that a little bit more.  CapEx, good news on the CapEx side is as were projecting the cash flow that we are this year, as we look down the road were expecting much less cash requirements going forward in that area. When it comes to free cash flow, that would be a combination of lowering our CapEx requirements going forward as well improving operating margins going forward and lastly the market. The other good news is the market, as you may recall from past slow downs in the economy we are recession resistant. Not recession proof, but clearly recession resistant. People need contact lenses no matter how good the economy is doing or not doing. As a result of that we remain bullish about the future. We foresee 6 to 8% market growth. And we certainly think that we, with the new product launches that we have going out, well continue to be able to gain share and expect to grow 11/2 times or greater than the overall marketplace.  Looking at some of the details for the quarter, revenues reached an all time high for the first quarter of 245 million up 12% and in cost and currency up 7%. Cooper Vision was up 12%,Cooper Surgical 10%, our overall GAAP earnings per share was $0.15 up 25% or $0.03 from last year and adjusted earnings per share was $0.45 which excludes $14 million in charges.  Looking at the details of Cooper Vision, we had revenue of $206 million up 12% and in cost and currency up 6%. On the product front things were really exciting. First Avaira, which is a third generation two-week silicone hydrogel product; its the biggest news that we have certainly going that we now are launching. We had said in the April, May time frame, weve actually brought that forward to April. The other good news is that this product is now in production, not only on what we call the fast track in the UK, but now on our Gen II platform in Puerto Rico. While its only been in production for really 12 days, it would be premature to say that its totally debugged, but we are optimistic. Not only from the point of view we now understand the materials a lot better then, clearly when it was part of the Biofinity platform, but we understand the Gen II platform better. So, were combining a more proven manufacturing know how materials with the equipment. So on that front, were very optimistic as we enter the two week silicone hydrogel space, which of course is the largest part of the US market. Were in essence, 2/3 of seers fit in that domain.  Biofinity as I mentioned, we had record manufacturing. But in addition, we reported $9.1 million in revenue in the quarter and that is basically almost as much as it was in the prior year and double what it was in the second quarter of 07. Capacity, as I indicated, is approaching 4 million lenses a month and is continuing to grow. With that we are optimistic that we could get our revenue to the 50 to $70 million range for the fiscal year and Id like to point out, in the most recent month of January, we had basically over 4 million, $4.4 million in revenue in the month. So were approaching a revenue run rate in excess of $50 million. Additionally, weve added one additional line since the end of February; it takes our line count from seven to eight with one more still to go. And the other thing, over the last two years weve frequently talked about our frustration on getting our yields up and our efficiency up, our utilization up. Im happy to report that we have now achieved 50% yield and 70% utilization and by no means is that where were stopping. We will continue to improve the process going forward, but weve reached that milestone. On the Proclear 1-day front, we of course, are launching this product. Weve launched it in the US and Europe, are very happy with the market receptivity to it. Capacity continues to ramp up and we are now at a mode where we can roll out globally our availability of that product. And I might come back on Biofinity; there are no more allotments in our marketing organization or for Biofinity world wide. So anyone that wants the spherical side has that coming their way. I guess in summary on the product front, were excited about all these new products that are available. Our energized sales force, moral is obviously very good and they are clearly fully engaged with plenty to talk about.  On the Cooper Surgical side, revenues were 39.5 million, up 10%. Although organic growth was only 3%, we actually had orders of $42 million, so it was a very good quarter for orders and some of those orders will roll into the second quarter and going forward. We had operating margins of 175 and gross margins of 60%, so the margins continue to be good. And as I indicated, while our CSI revenue was only 39.5 million, our orders were 42 million, which is good for the run rate of that business going forward.  Let me talk a little bit about guidance. Gene will get into more details during his presentation and Ill just high light them a bit. But, revenue guidance was increased to 1 billion and 60 million, to 1.1 billion. Thats taking the lower end up 20 million and the upper end up 10. Cooper Vision is what we moved up. We moved Cooper Vision to 895 million to 930 million, an increase of 20 at the low end and 10 at the upper end. That reflects the fact that included in that revenue is now Avaira, was not in our prior quarterly guidance and we have ball park $10 in that number in the revised guidance. Cooper Surgical has revenue of 165 to 170 million in its guidance, no change. On the earnings per share front, non-GAAP, we took up to $2.10 to $2.35 an increase of $0.10 at the lower end and $0.05 on the upper end. And for GAAP guidance weve taken that up to $1.40 to $1.85, an increase of $0.10 on the lower end and $0.05 on the upper end. That reflects not only a strong first quarter and I might point out the non-GAAP guidance; we have now moved into consistency with all the analysts and that non-GAAP guidance does include our equity expense in the number. As far as, I mentioned that Avaira is a $10 million in those numbers and you may recall when we talked about Avaira on the two-week silicone hydrogel product in December, we indicated some of the costs were already built into the guidance number. And as a result of that the 10 million of added sales from Avaira, while the product line itself will not generate profits this year, we are taking our guidance up $0.05 to reflect the fact that we already had some of those costs built into previous guidance.  I dont, I think Ill defer any other specifics on the guidance model to Gene in his presentation.  CapEx, one of the heavy discussion items in the past has been, you guys are spending an awful lot of money on CapEx, and will it ever end. And thats translating into your free cash flow is non-existent. Id like to talk briefly about that: number one, weve had six major projects that are going through the company in 07 and 08. Of those six, Biofinity, was one which was a large capital spend. The Avaira product line we had upfront the equipment, another one three distribution centers that were combining 21 warehouses. Yet a third, we put up two buildings, one in the UK that we expanded in 07 and another one thats going up in Puerto Rico with 70,000 added square feet in this year, it will be done by July. We had the expansion of the number of lines that are making the one day product line going from five up to ten and then we had the conversion onto the Gen II high volume platform that took place in the last year.  All told, all six projects are running around $400 million in costs. We are 2/3 through that process. Biofinity is done and in fact Biofinitys capacity can support more than a $200 million product line today; as you know, we only sold 9 million in 07, we sold 9 million this quarter, so that gives you some indication of how much added capacity we have. Likewise on the distribution centers, we put three in place, two in Europe and one in the US; we now have the capacity to more than double our through put in those distribution centers. Likewise on the conversion to Gen II, that is done. So thats three of the six projects are totally done.  The ones that are ongoing is the building, we will be wrapping up the second building in the third quarter of this year, by July, and then going forward into 09 and beyond, really there will be the continued expansion of only the Dk 100 project or Avaira as well as continued roll out of one day. Also working within this footprint if you will is a lot more things going on with efficiency that we know we can get out of it.  So net our capital requirements going forward will be substantially less than they have been the last two years, 07 and 08. Were looking to drop our range in 09 from about 125 million to 140 compared to 160 to 170 million this year and beyond 09 we expect it to drop down more into the 100 to $125 million range in 2010 through 2012. So were looking for the combination of much less capital requirements and improving margins to generate significant cash flow. We expect to start to be cash flow positive in the third quarter of this year going forward, so its not way down the road its short term.  Let me just talk briefly about future product launches. We have a couple that were had yet to go, one of course is the two week Silicone/Hydrogel Silicone hydrogel toric. As weve said in the past, we expect to be in production by the end of the fiscal year and we continue to expect to launch Silicone/Hydrogel Silicone hydrogel toric in the first half of the 09 fiscal year. As far as Proclear 1-day, which is not being sold in Japan, we continue to expect to launch Proclear 1-day in Japan which is a very large one day market, 55% of that market is one day. And Proclear has proved to be a very viable one day product through out the world. And as a result of that we are very optimistic about that launch in the first half of the next years fiscal year.  As far as, a couple comments on the marketplace; overall market for the quarter and by the way all my market numbers will be calendar year and in cost and currency, which is the way the data is put together by the company that tracks market share. Overall markets grew 9% in the fourth quarter in cost and currency and are up 5.8% for the calendar year. We grew much faster than the market quarter at 12% for the calendar quarter and once again in cost and currency and overall we grew 6.3% for the calendar year; and once again, in spite of the fact that we were not selling a lot of Silicone/ Hydrogel. For the calendar year we had $14 million of Biofinity sales in the calendar year, by way of gauging that.  Single use lenses, single-use spheres continue to grow well, 15% for the quarter and now equals 35% of the global market. We continue to grow much faster in the market. Our revenue for single-use spheres was up 40% in the fourth quarter and this still only leaves us with an 8% market share, so we have a long way to go. In essence we have twice as much market share in total as we yet have in the single use market and were very optimistic about the opportunity that presents. There continues to be an expectation of strong growth in the one day market going forward. By the way, daily disposables now account for 17.5% of the overall business for Cooper, so we in theory should be able to double where we are.  In the fourth quarter, the US market for dailys grew 19% and exited the year with 11% growth, so there is some indication that even the US market, which has not been a one- day market in the past, is starting to move that way. There are even some rumblings that, where at the most recent conference, that you know JJ is or Vista kind of is starting to make more noise in the one-day market in the US which will play well for migration and expansion of that market.  Silicone hydrogel torics, our Silicone/Hydrogel growth for the quarter was 27% and that brought the total calendar-year growth to 35%, although the rapid growth and the size of the Silicone/ Hydrogel market is mainly a US phenomena. The world market today is now 28% Silicone/Hydrogel and the total market worldwide is now 5.1 billion, so its basically, 28% of that is $5.1 million in calendar year 2007.  We had $6.7 million of revenue in the fourth calendar quarter and as I indicated, for the fiscal year we had 14 million in revenue for Biofinity. Silicone hydrogel torics, we dont have a silicone hydrogel toric on the market yet, but overall our toric business was up 4$ worldwide, with 3% growth in the US and 6% growth in the rest of the world. During the fourth quarter the market grew 11% in the calendar year fourth quarter, so we continue to expand or grow our top line for torics even.  A couple comments on management changes as everyone knows there has been some recent management changes. Steve Neil, who resigned as Chief Financial Officer, as Ive indicated, it certainly was a surprise. I wish him well in his future endeavors at the company he joined. It was not at all an indication that there was a disagreement, an accounting issue, any disagreement on direction of the company or guidance that existed between he and myself. The speed at which Gene Midlock was promoted to Chief Financial Officer was really an indication of things that were in the works. For those reading between the lines, Gene was promoted to VP of Finance in November of 07. He in fact ran the year end audit from the point of view interface with the auditors and the books, closing of the books and as a result of that he was actually, it was expected he would step into the role of CFO in March of this year. Things happened a little faster than planned and Steve was targeted to move into an operating role and of course that wont happen.  Recognizing that I then ended up with way too many direct reports, which put me in a mode where I was not adequately servicing the Cooper Vision organization and I was not adequately servicing our board as well as the investors and the analysts, I basically had indicated that I needed to fill in the position of Cooper Vision Inc. president. I really havent dug deep into the organization over the last 12 months. I was able to see the strength of our bench strength and I was very comfortable with, basically, going within the organization for promotion to the provisioning president. John Weber has my full support. I know he will do an outstanding job and that certainly will make my job much easier from the point of view of focusing in on strategy and on the direction of the company as well as dealing with Wall Street. Both John and Gene have my full support and confidence and I believe that we now have a great team in place to carry the company to the next level.  To sum it up, weve worked very hard the last three years to get to this point where we now look forward to having a lot of fun. And I think we have the right team in place, I think we have the right products in place and its time to reap the benefits of all this hard work.  So with that Ill turn it over to Gene to talk about some of the other financial attributes of the quarter. 
Eugene Midlock: Thank you Bob, good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. Im delighted to be here as the CFO of Cooper. I havent had an opportunity to meet many of you so perhaps just some background information. While Im new as the CFO of Cooper Ive been involved with the company since 1997 in various capacities, first as an auditor and an advisor, then as a consultant, then as the VP of Tax and most recently as the VP of Finance. Bob and I have worked closely together over this time. We are completely aligned in the companys strategy and financial outlook. We believe that after our long and difficult integration trek, we are on the right track to deliver positive financial results into 08 and beyond.  Bob provided a fairly comprehensive over view of operational and strategic aspects of our first quarter. I would like to cover, briefly, some of the financial highlights. In addition, there was some apparent confusion during the fourth quarters conference call regarding our full year guidance for 2008, so I would like to conclude my remarks by providing an update to the guidance in some detail. Now let me begin my reviewing briefly some product sales and revenue information for the first quarter. This information has been posted to our website and it should be noted that its reflected in cost and currency, whereas in the press release, the information is provided in actual currency, so there are some differences. Just the highlights, single-use spheres, which is mainly driven by our PC product Proclear, were up 29% in cost and currency. Our torics, which is really the work horse of Cooper and has historically been one of our strong products, is up 5% and comprises 43% of our lens revenue. Multifocals outpaced the market and grew by 16% and Proclear materials have really continued to grow strong and comprised roughly 25% of our total revenue. On a regional basis for CVI, there was strong performance in each of our geographic areas. Asia Pac was up 8% in cost and currency, Europe was up 6% and the Americas were up 5% with the US leading that at 7%. That is really a truly remarkable performance when you consider that we had done this without the Silicone/Hydrogel products until very lately and certainly put out a two-week product in the United States.  Lets now turn to look at gross margin. In Q1 it was 58% versus 59% in07, it was a slight decrease and that was slightly attributable to product mix. The increase in single lenses with lower margins grew 41%, which is now 18% of CVI revenue and that was partially offset by our strong growth in Multifocal, Proclear and Biofinity, Proclear up 34% or 25% of our revenue. If you adjust the margins for the call outs or those costs that are not related to our core operating performance, the gross margin was 62%, same as it was last year. CSI or Cooper Surgicals gross margin was 60% in 08, also unchanged from 07 and we expect our gross margin for the year to be around 62%. Turning to operating margin, on a consolidated basis, it was 8% for 08 compared to 7% for Q1 of 07. This is comprised of CVIs of 11% versus 13% last year and CSI was 17% versus 5% of last year. But, last year there was a very large charge in Q1 in process research and development attributable to an acquisition; if you adjust for that, Cooper surgical was 17% in07 as well, so year on year they were essentially at 17%. We would anticipate an operating margin for the year somewhere in the 15.5 to 16.5% range on a non-GAAP basis. There has been some discussion in the past, some questions about our SG&A and the level that they have risen to and their largely comprised of two components, the selling expenses and the G&A expenses. The selling expenses obviously will be higher as we launch new products in new markets, but we are closely monitoring those. If we turn to our G&A expenses, they increased by 2% over 2007, but if you look at them on a non-GAAP basis, they actually decreased by 6%; thats because there was some one time litigation expenses included in those charges in 08, so we actually had a decrease of 6% year on year and were going to continue to monitor those expenses and hopefully reduce them further. Looking at R&D expense year on year, the financials project somewhat of a misleading result; it indicates that there was a decrease of 27%. For CVI there was actually an increase year over year of 14% and for Cooper Surgical, again if we adjust for that unusual last year Q1 IP&R deep charge, they increased 37%. So, consolidated with that adjustment there was actually an increase of 18% and we would expect in the future R&D growth should exceed the growth in revenue and should equal approximately 3 to 4% of sales.  Turning to the beloved subject of call outs, we will expect for the year to be in the range of about 35 million as we indicated. We had 14 million in Q1 so there is approximately 21 million to be incurred for remainder of the year and most of those should be incurred in the early part, the first two to three quarters. Just as a reminder, were no longer calling out stock-based compensation. Turning to the effective income tax rate, youll note that in Q1 for GAAP it was 27.5 % versus 21.2% last year. I wouldnt run off and change your models as yet, because we project for the year the annual GAAP rate will be about 18.6 and the non-GAAP rate about 15.7. You will note, as you monitor the quarters however, that the rate is going to fluctuate considerably more than it has in the past and this is because we adapted FIN 48 in Q1 at Cooper. And if youll look to the other companies who adapted last year, because of our fiscal year basis, youll note that because of the workings of FIN 48 and the clarity it has brought to tax and certainties in FAS 109 in accounting for income taxes that the effective rates were no longer predictable on the quarter basis, so ours too will fluctuate for the first three quarters, but should settle down for the year as I indicated.  I would like now to go through and refresh, at a high level, what we expect our EPS guidance to be for 2008, again clarify any of the misunderstandings that might have occurred last year. So if we start with the GAAP earnings, were predicting revenue, forecasting revenue of 1 billion 80 which is in the mid point of the guidance range. Operating margin of 13% which again is the mid point, which would give us 140, interest expense and other expenses will be 46, so well have pre tax income of 94, 19% tax rate, as I mentioned, is 18, leaves us net income of 76 million. There is 2 million of convertible interest that we need to adjust for under EITF 04-8, so that leads you to the net of 78 which is approximately $1.63 earnings per share which is in the mid point of the range of 140 to 185. If you turn to the non-GAAP numbers, again revenue is 1 billion 80, operating margin, as we indicated was 15.5 to 16.5, so at 16% that would give us 173 million interest, others 46, so pre tax of 127, 16% rate is 20, leaves us the net income of 107, again adjusting for interest on our converts of 2 million leaves us with earnings of 109 and earnings per share of $2.28, which is again in the range that we quoted of 210 to 235. So with that I will conclude my remarks and turn the call back over to Al White.
Albert White: Okay, thanks Gene, thanks Bob and well take a few calls. Just let me reiterate, preferably one call per analyst so we can get through the analysts and move through the questions in  hour. Well start, operator if you could patch in Joanne from BMO.
Joanne Wuensch -BMO Capital Markets-US: Hi, can you hear me?
Eugene Midlock: Joanne?
Joanne Wuensch -BMO Capital Markets-US:  Can you hear me?
Eugene Midlock:  Yes, hi Joanne.
Joanne Wuensch -BMO Capital Markets-US: Hi, sorry about that. Could you walk us through some of the launch steps that youre taking regarding Avaira in regards to how you are starting to prepare the industry that youve got this new product about to come out?
Robert Weiss: Yes, briefly Joanne and we are targeting for an April launch, so were a little over a, about a month away, we will be concentrating on a number of the chains that, if you will, have been left behind somewhat with the Biofinity side. We will be rolling out about 10,000 fitting sets and which compared to Biofinity you may recall, we launched and rolled about 7,500 between June of last year and the end of last year. So it will be a fairly robust launch. We certainly have the comfort level that, at least that level of launch can be supported by fast track, but very much to the extent that we ramp up on the Chin II line; the Puerto Rican line if you will, much faster, that would allow us to expand that roll out. What we do not want to do is get fitting sets out there that we cant support by the continuation of the production of the product. You know we are, if you will, cautious in our approach and well enjoy the upside of it if it shows up.
Joanne Wuensch -BMO Capital Markets-US: Okay so Im to assume that most of this is being manufactured in the US and outside the United States or, I mean obviously those are your two choices, but where? Is this PR or is this a UK based launch?
Robert Weiss:  The initial fitting sets will be coming out of the UK at a fast track and we are in production, as I indicated, in Puerto Rico, but that production level after 12 days certainly does not warrant the putting together the fitting sets at this point in time. So, short term UK supply that weve built up, we were running at over 600,000 lenses a month on fast track, around 600,00 a month, so a pretty robust level in and of itself on one fast track line. So we know we can, with that, support a product line approaching 10 million bucks.
Joanne Wuensch -BMO Capital Markets-US: Okay thank you, Ill go back in the queue.
Albert White: Thank you. Jared HoltzJared are you there?
Jared Holt-Bear Stearns:  Yes can you hear me? Hello.
Albert White: Yes go ahead.
Jared Holt-Bear Stearns: Great thanks. You just talked about your use of cash in the quarter, it seems like net debt was increased by 50 million, so can you just explain, you know kind of from an operational stand point whats happening there, if you need to finance more debt in order to run the business going forward? And then just secondly, on guidance it looks like you brought up guidance by 20 million on the top line on both the low and the high end, but are attributing about10 million to the Avaira product. So what is the other 10 million coming from? Thanks.
Robert Weiss: Okay two comments, first of all on the cash use during the quarter, of course there are two things going on. One is heavy CapEx $40 plus million, two is still a lot of call outs and restructuring and things such as the wrapping up of the litigation with Ciba on the IP, which happened in November and if you see our call out list has like 3.4 million in cash that went out the door just for that litigation, you know, in one month alone if you will. So there is still a lot of start up costs there for the expansion of Biofinity production. There is the early, if you will, getting the Puerto Rico Gen II line on Avaira going on, all of those are pretty intense on restructuring and in start up coupled with CapEx. As I indicated going forward, we will have one more heavy CapEx quarter in the second quarter. We will have improving operating margins as the year progresses and by the time we get to the third quarter we will turn cash positive, free cash flow positive going forward. Also in the first quarter we typically have a lighter, if you will, revenue number than most parts of the year because of the number of holidays that occur during that quarter, so typically we look a little lighter on the profitability point of view and some of that translates into cash. As far as the guidance going forward, we added 20 million to the bottom end, 10 million the top end, 10 million of that add is Avaira. We are doing better with our general product launches via the one day and the fact that we now have an unlimited supply of Biofinity. So youre seeing a more robust feeling about our expectation not only on Avaira, but other parts of the product line, Proclear 1-day and Biofinity.
Jared Holt-Bear Stearns: Okay great, thank you. 
Robert Weiss: Perfect, Mike Weinstein?
Robert Weiss:  Mike are you there?
Michael Weinstein-JP Morgan : Yes Im here. Hopefully Bob now that weve transitioned to you, we can maybe work on the format of these calls, this call out system still seems a bit antiquated, but its working at least. Let me just try and understand a couple items, I got lost a bit on the debt commentary. I understand the increase in some of the debt level during the course of the quarter, but I just want to better understand where do you think your debt levels peak at? It sounds like youre saying that your debt will peak in the third quarter and from there youll start to be able to work it down and I just want to get some sort of confidence around that. Then I just want to just understand a little bit in the quarter the production costs which were called out, which were a lot more than we had been modeling. So I just would like to dive into that a little bit if you could, thanks. 
Robert Weiss: First of all on when does the debt peak? It peaks at the end of April. So the third quarter will be cash positive and well start shrinking our debt level. As far as the call up activity or the start up activity and the call outs during the quarter, some of those start up costs reflect the, we really had things going on on three fronts. We still had basically a tale end of some of the conversion on start up on Proclear 1-day or PC 1-day product line, which entailed moving it onto new Gen II lines as we rolled that out. But to a bigger extent, its Biofinity, as Biofinity became a bigger product and more robust lines. Up until really the end of the calendar year, it was in a start up cost mode. And as we converted those lines or upgraded those lines for what we learned to our R&D line in the end of the calendar year, we now are in a mode where the call outs from Biofinity are basically a more expensive cost that are flowing through the inventory to a certain extent are going to actually reverse the other way. With our 50% yield and our 70% utilization we now have our cost below what we expected for the year. 
Michael Weinstein-JP Morgan :  Thats it, see our challenge is we look at youre reporting this adjusted number and it looks like its in line with generally where people were at, but with the GAAP numbers it was $0.11 below what we were modeling and I dont know what {indiscernible} and its just hard for us to see how you come up with the production start up costs numbers that you back that every quarter, because it seems thats such an arbitrary number. 
Robert Weiss: Mike to that point, were sensitive to the fact that people were struggling with the start up costs. Were putting equal weight on GAAP and quite frankly we beat the GAAP number substantially internally. And that was partly a frustration with, of course we give annual guidance and the only thing we say about quarterly is keep in mind that earnings are always, always, always going to be weak in the first quarter because we have a lot less billing days. We had three four day weekends in the first quarter, Thanksgiving, Christmas and New Years were all four day weekends. That translates to 5% less billing days in the first quarter than the rest of the year. That coupled with a number of other things, we were trying to say, remember that this is our weakest quarter and build your models accordingly. Some times we succeeded and sometimes we didnt succeed, but internally were ahead of what we thought would happen. 
Michael Weinstein-JP Morgan : Okay last question and Ill let others jump in here. The revenue commentary for the year, which you increased, it would seem just based on the dollar, which were all aware of, that since your December call that the currency to your OUS business would have increased over that time. So shouldnt you be raising guidance by more than you are just because of whats happened with the dollar. And it certainly seems like, at least in this quarter, the currency contribution was greater than we expected and then that should model out as we go into Q2 and beyond. Thanks. 
Albert White: I know there was someone else that had that question out there, but quite frankly on December 11, when we had the last conference call, you may recall the pound was 203, today its 198, it actually went down from a revenue point of view. The euro was 147 couple days ago, in late February its at 148 and it has now of course the last couple of days moved up to 152 if it were to hold there. You know the yen was 11 in December, its 103 today. and the Canadian dollar, where we of course have pretty good franchise in Canada, was $0.99 and now its a dollar. So the net movement really hasnt been all that much since mid December compared to where we are today. So theres a little more revenue in that number, but its not materially significant. 
Michael Weinstein-JP Morgan : Okay great, thanks for taking my questions. 
Albert White: Larry, Larry Biegelsen?
Larry Biegelsen -Wachovia : Hi can everyone hear me? Thanks for taking my call. Could you talk about the status of the manufacturing distribution center in Asia that you were considering? When will you make the decision and was that part of the CapEx guidance you gave us?
Robert Weiss: Great question, the answer is its still on our radar screen; we still are doing homework on looking at Asia Pac. We are doing it in a go slow, orderly manner. It will be our next footprint, but it is not something we need over the next couple years. Not only, not because revenue isnt exceeding expectation, but because we are finding a lot more efficiency within our footprint that will allow us to buy forward probably one to two years. So it is on our radar screen, there is a number of what ifs going on. From a CapEx point of view, that capital will not really show up in 08 or 09 and probably not even in 2010, maybe toward the latter half, but its part of that push out if you will of capital requirements. 
Larry Biegelsen -Wachovia : For the toric silicone hydrogel, it sounds like youre saying you dont expect start up charges for this lens and if not, will you absorb some of the, will you absorb some of the inefficiencies into cogs?
Albert White:   The answer to that is well be taking the same production now how, in other wards we know how to make a steel lens and then we put different steel inserts in and then make a toric lens. So there will be some start up costs, not much, because you dont have to worry about the robustness as the machine we work can make a lens come out the end. So the, will it go straight to cogs or will it be just a higher cost that goes on the balance sheet and then slows in with the sale of the product? The initial couple months, there might be some that go to the P&L, its not going to be anything compared to what were doing with all new Avaira line, you know the $30 million piece of equipment in Puerto Rico as well as the Biofinity, what that was about. 
Larry Biegelsen -Wachovia : And lastly, I was a little surprised by the guidance of 10 million for Avaira in 08 if youre already producing it on the Gen II platform. You sold 10 million of Biofinity in 2007, you know could you talk about that a little bit and then Ill drop thanks.
Albert White:  Okay, well I guess part of it is were really going to get going in April, so thats six months to generate that 10 million. The roll out number that we put in guidance is really, depicts what we know we can make already, as far as we can make enough lenses to support 10 million on the fast track in the UK. We are, as I indicated, we are into production in Puerto Rico, but only 12 days and so its too early to say how much will those yields really ramp up. No red flags whatsoever, but having said that, weve learned from Murphy in the past to be a little cautious and were going to stay cautious on that front.
Larry Biegelsen -Wachovia : Thank you.
Robert Weiss: Peter Bye, Peter?
Peter Bye-SG Cowen:  Hi thanks guys, appreciate it, just a couple questions on the CapEx. You know we followed you guys for a few years, CapEx numbers bounce around. It always seemed Bob that you were higher than Tom and Tom was low and then it always came in above you guys and then Steve threw out some high numbers and Steves gone and now theyre low numbers. Last year you guided to 150 to 160 was what, to 184 or something. Just can you give us some help? I thought a lot of it was about daily disposable production, not just the Biofinity silicone hydrogel, maybe some more clarity there?
Robert Weiss: Yes, the higher numbers were not only Steves, they were mine in the past. I really did believe with our push into the one day side that we would have higher capital requirements and than my push into Asia Pac sooner rather than later would exacerbate capital requirements. Since Asia Pac is pushed out two years heavily, because of operating efficiency, were just doing, Biofinity is way quicker than we really thought a year ago it would be. So we got to that magic number.  The fact that we now have the capacity within Biofinity productions to generate $200 million of revenue, so we dont have to worry about CapEx there anymore; and I think when we just cut through we had the six projects, of which three are done and the fourth will be done in July and they were all major CapEx requirements. When we looked at improving efficiency to and including on the one day production side on Proclear 1-day costs are coming down, efficiency is going up, we like what we see. And quite frankly, weve just completed or were in the middle of completing, I should say, a very detailed strategic plan that really asked all those questions.  Really looked out over the next four years and aligned, if you will, market expectations, what we expect to do in the market with what our production plans could deliver in; we really felt good about that exercise and it gave us a better picture of what our CapEx requirements are going forward. 
Peter Bye-SG Cowen: Can you just tell me how that process was different than youve done it the last three years?
Robert Weiss :  Well, I think number one is our plants over the last two years, not so much in 05 but 06, 07 and 08, starting in 06 --
Peter Bye-SG Cowen:  Just let me interrupt one time, because we were down in Puerto Rico with you, and there was a little bit of a discussion between yourself and Tom about what your fiscal 07 CapEx was going to be. I believe Tom threw out a number like $75 million, $100 million and you said it was going to be $125 million to $150 million. And so, just in that context, I think you probably remember that discussion on the podium on the front. So just in that whole context as well  not just 05 but that was fall 06.
Robert Weiss :  Yes. You are right. In the context of the $125 million to $150 million, I was right, Tom was wrong, okay? And the second piece was I was low because --
Peter Bye-SG Cowen:  No, no, no. That was fiscal 07. You were both -- it was $184 million. So that was about the following year about what it was. You talked about how much you had to go into R&D into the lines and that sort of front. So that wasnt about a fiscal 06 number. That was Puerto Rico fall 06 about a fiscal 07 number.
Robert Weiss :  Yes and I understand that. What I was going to say is the major thing that happened from that point throughout 07 was called foreign exchange. All of our equipment is euro and pound based. The dollars crashes a lot. All of that, the cost of that equipment goes up 20% plus. So that was what drove up CapEx. The numbers we are giving you now are off where we are today, as far as conversion rates.  So if the euro went back down to $1.18, $1.19, whatever it was then there would be some pick up on less cash requirements. But the fact of the matter is we are heavily sensitive to exchange on that front. Why are we in spite of that feeling more bullish? Its because of the efficiency factor. I wont get into whats new. All the details of what can happen in the plant, but weve put a lot of money in people that look at the production side like the line 5 that went to R&D and they really work hand-in-hand next to manufacturing and it is amazing what creative thoughts come out of that. Ill give you one of the three major factors, would be our footprint. We married CooperVision and Cooper Oculars footprints together. When it comes to how we cure the product, we are able to substantially reduce the footprint by the Cooper, not the Ocular vertical ovens, which save a lot of space and get a lot more equipment in the same footprint. So thats one reason we dont need to expand outside the walls as early.  Another has to do with, basically, cycle times that were tweaking. Cycle times come down in shorter periods then we can get a lot more throughput out of the same equipment.  The other thing is how good are your yields? If yields go up, we get a lot more out of the same equipment. All of those are coming together with a strong organization thats working hand-in-hand, R&D and manufacturing.
Peter Bye-SG Cowen:  Great. Thanks for the specifics on that. Thats actually pretty helpful. Just one last one on Biofinity, it seems like production is up or at least your capacity is up a fair amount from the fall. We had always heard a little bit that there were lot more orders than there are capacity and now capacity is up a lot, and you took up revenue a little bit for Avara but not this. What are your expectations for Biofinity now that you have so much capacity? 
Robert Weiss :  Well, we are really two months into this. And I say that, we didnt realize when we came out of the chute after the December shutdown all of a sudden we went from 2 million lenses a month and we shot up to 3.5 million in January. So it was like, is this real or not real? Then when we made 3.8 million lenses in February and yields went from 40% in January to 50% in February, we said this is really real. So its pretty fresh information. It isnt like we had a buffer stock we were sitting on and really worrying a lot about that. What else can we do? How do we roll out? So the marketing units were not told until about two weeks ago, sell; youre not constrained. You want it some place in the world where it is approved to be sold. You have it. We are doing things to expand its attractiveness as a product. For example, expanding the range of the parameters is high on the agenda to kind of copycat or match the other product lines that are out there, that have been out there for a number of years.  So thats a high priority to expand the demand for that product line as we go forward. But as of today we are ramping up pretty quickly and as I indicated we sold $4.4 million in the month of January, which basically is at a $53 million run rate.
Peter Bye-SG Cowen:  Great. But the ramp up, the expanded capacity is not in guidance because it was just recent?
Robert Weiss :  There is a little bit in guidance. But as I indicated currency is a very small piece almost non existent. Biofinity and Proclear and Avaira, 10 million is Avaira and of the, the bottom end of the range that we took up 20 million, of that other 10 million youre really talking about Biofinity and youre talking about Proclear One Day.
Peter Bye-SG Cowen:  All right great. Thanks. Ill jump in queue.
Albert White: Jeff Johnson?
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird :  Gene made the comment that the gross margin drag in the quarter was one day and it was offset by Biofinity and some other things, Proclear, Multifocal. Does that imply then Biofinity gross margins up into the upper 50% range? If that is true, then do they go even higher here with these February efficiency gains and yield gains that youre talking about Bob? That is number one.  Number two you also made the comment in the call, I think Bob you did, about a two-week silicone hydrogel toric. Does that mean the decision obviously has been made between whether or not it would be the Avaira material or the Biofinity material? Youve decided to go the two-week route? I think that was still up in the air.  Last question, just as you push out the timing of the Asia Pacific efforts, could you at all quantify how much of CapEx coming down over the next couple of years is due to that push out versus maybe some of these efficiency gains that youve have talked about?
Robert Weiss :  Gross margin. The gross margin, you are correct, will be going up rapidly with Biofinity. Once the, if you will, the production costs move through inventory which it does on a [inaudible] effect to the P&L. So the costs we see in January and February will happen not so much in the second quarter, more in the third quarter. Thats a favorable direction for gross margins, clearly.  Going the other way, of course, just to remind we have very, very rapid growth in one day products and the one day product has less than a 50% gross margin. And clearly there are things that we are doing, that are improving the gross margins of that family. But Proclear has been, if you will, on a new ramp up mode a year ago, I want to say we were making less than 2 or 3 million units. Today were making a lot more than 13 million units a month. So, the learning curve has hugely increased over the last six months, which is leading to reducing our costs. So, gross margins, I cant say they will go up or down beyond the 61% to 63% range. It will be a function of product mix. There is nothing that I see that would cause me to back off of saying within really two years we will have our silicone hydrogel product family if not in the 70s approaching the 70 percentile. Thats still as I see it in the cards, but that is not necessarily going to translate to a gross margin going way up because of the one day pulling it back down. Were more focused on operating margin improvement, which I still believe will move into the 20s from where we are today. As far as the two week versus the one month, excellent question. As I sit here today, the discussion continues robustly on that. What are the tradeoffs and should we try to do both or should we go with one and put a lot more energy behind the one? And if so, which one would it be? The leaning would clearly be towards the two-week. But there are a variety of considerations that go into that, to and including the amount of capacity we now have on the Biofinity side which kind of says, well there is a lot of capacity there, do you go with a known capacity or not?  All I can I say is stay tuned, that debate will continue over the next month to two months and well see where it takes us. Clearly we are intent on getting the a silicone hydrogel toric out on the market in the first half of the next fiscal year and we are clearly intent on being in production with one and/or two silicone hydrogels by the end of this fiscal year. The third one on CapEx for Asia-Pac, I would say, think of it as ballpark, 20 million a year being pushed out two years, and that would be over multiple years and that was going be in 2009 and would move out beyond 2010.
Jeff Johnson - Robert W. Baird :  Okay, great. Thats all I have got guys. Thanks.
Albert White: Time for one last call. Larry, are you there?
Larry Biegelsen - Wachovia:  I wanted to just touch on two things. Just wanted to get a little clarity on some things that are moving around on the balance sheet. Your other current liabilities were down by about $47 million, long-term debt was up by roughly the same amount, and then your other liabilities were up by $31 million over the last three months. So if you could just point me the direction of whats moving around with those couple of items?  Steve had spoke that the call outs would be done for this year and certainly tailing off in that second half. I want to make sure that is still the way you are thinking about it?
Robert Weiss :  I will take the latter one first and Ill defer at least one of those to Gene. The call outs, we are still on track to do away with call outs after this fiscal year. The calls outs are very much weighted in the first six months of this year, so they will be dropping off in the third quarter and the fourth quarter. Part and parcel, thats what will start driving, increasing GAAP operating income and cash flow. As far as the liabilities there are two factors in the liabilities. Gene do you want to address the tax one?
Eugene Midlock:  Certainly. The biggest change was attributable to FIN 48. In the past under FAS 109, most companies, if not all, kept their tax uncertainty reserve, their risk reserve in the current liabilities. Under FIN 48 you can almost reflect that as long term to the extent you dont expect to pay the cash money out in the next 12 months. So we moved around $19 million plus from short term other current liabilities to long term. The other piece is part of, again, the negative cash flow we experienced in the early part of the year as Bob mentioned that we will hopefully turn around in Q4.
Larry Biegelsen - Wachovia:  Right, the PPEs and the inventories, etcetera on the negative cash flow. 
Robert Weiss :  Negative cash flow is basically off the cash flow statement. Our debt has gone up during the quarter.
Larry Biegelsen - Wachovia:  Right. Great. Thanks so much.
Albert White: Thank you, everyone. That will conclude todays call. We appreciate the phone calls and the interest.

===== 2007 Q4  (2007-12-12 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Cooper Companies Announces Fourth Quarter Year-End Results 2007 Conference Call. My name is Shawn and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Norris Battin. Please proceed.
B. Norris Battin: Thanks a lot Shawn. Good afternoon and welcome everybody to the fourth quarter call. With me today are Bob Weiss, Cooper's Executive Officer and Steve Neil, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that this conference call will contain forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including all revenue, earnings per share guidance and other statements regarding anticipated results of operations, market conditions and planned product launches. Forward-looking statements necessarily depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect and imprecise and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Events that could cause our actual results and future actions as a company to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are set forth under the caption Forward-Looking Statement in today's earnings release and are described in our SEC filings, including the business description in Cooper's annual report on Form 10-K. These are available publicly and on request from the company's Investor Relations department. And I would also like to give you a phone number if you are interested in calling in after the call as we are at work today. That number and I'll say twice, 212-418-7841; that is 212-418-7841. And with that, let me turn the call over to Bob for his opening remarks.
Robert S. Weiss: Thank you Norris and good evening ladies and gentlemen. Before I get into the presentation, I wanted to kind of recap what we are going to try to today on... in terms of order. In the past, we've gotten feedback that the conference call has been a little on the long side and had a fair amount of repetition. So our endeavor today will be to try to cut the formal presentation down to around 30 minutes and then follow it by about 30 minutes in Q&A and if we are successful in that, we'll cut which frequently is a two-hour phone call in half. In terms of the order and in order to avoid duplication, I'm going to talk mainly about the market very briefly, our vision and mission as well as our strategy, spending a fair amount of time on the how to that we are going to proceed forward, talk briefly about 2007 and its impact going forward, mention some of the progress at CooperSurgical, talk briefly about guidance and then I'll turn it over to Steve who will talk about the bulk of the operating results. At which point in time, we'll come back to Q&A. Once again, our objective is to try to get it to an hour. As far as the market is concerned, as we know 85% of the Cooper Companies is in contact lenses and specifically that's an industry that's around $5 billion and growing rapidly, market is growing 8% compounded annual growth rate this decade. In terms of constant currency, the strength of 2005 when it grew 12% that was '06 and a 5% in '07 on a year-to-date basis. Recall in lens care, and basically when one competitor's product have had some impact on the market, it's anecdotal; there is no substantive numbers on that front. But suffice to say that we still have all of the drivers in the market that we've had over this decade. That... those drivers being increasing rates of myopia, geographic expansion, trading up to silicone hydrogel, lenses Proclear 1 Day, specialty around the rest of the world as well as favorable U.S. demographics. Consistent sweet spots have occurred year-to-date consistent with past. They include the daily disposable market, which is 32% of the global market growing 11% year-to-date, 10% of that in the U.S... 10% of the penetration in the U.S., 45% penetration outside the rest of the world or outside the U.S., torics are up 10% year-to-date accounts 17% of the world market, penetrated around 20% in the U.S., 15% in the rest of the world. Silicone hydrogels are up 22% year-to-date, account for 26% at the worldwide market and in the U.S. accounts for 44% of the market compared to only 15% in the rest of the world. And lastly, multifocal, which is up 9% and accounts for 3% of the global market. As far as what Cooper is about, we basically in 2007 put the Vision Group together, reestablished ourselves with a vision and mission statement and set forth certain objectives. Our vision is to enhance each and every contact lens experience. Our mission, we market contact lenses that enhance the experience of eye care providers and wearers alike, through the application of technology, expertise and service. We listen to our customers and we respond to their diverse needs. Our five year objectives; number one objective is to achieve a market share that would put us in a number two position in the contact lens market, below only J&J or Vistakon to remain the largest specialty contact lens company, to increase our operating margins to the mid to upper 20% dollar range, to be rated number one with our consumers the eye care provider and to refresh our product line so that over 70% of it in the year 2011 is new products. Additionally, we want to continue to attract, maintain and develop exceptional people. With out a good team, without people, obviously our franchise is not much. What's the how two? In terms of how do we get to number two and move into the 20s as far as market share from today's 16% market share? New products and new geographic markets, today we are rolling out two important products; Biofinity and Proclear 1 Day. Both have huge potential and both have expanded capacity. Biofinity is a third generation silicone hydrogel. Sales in 2007 were $10 million, all capacity limited. In October, our output increased to 2 million lenses, that's enough to support revenue in the $60 million to $70 million range. We will continue to expand capacity and improve efficiency, whereas over half... we are half way there and as far targeted efficiency and we believe for good reasons, we can achieve targeted output, efficiency and cost. For example, our R&D line which was line number 5 that we dedicated to the R&D people to look at the efficiency, we have been able to achieve our targeted efficiency rates. Importantly, we are ahead of schedule in our two-week silicone hydrogel lens, our work course of the future. It is now anticipated we will launch it in the April-May time zone and possibly even earlier. Importantly, unlike Biofinity which was on all of... all new manufacturing platform using all new materials to mould and to mould with entirely different material if you will. Importantly, the two-week is on Gen II and it is molding with polypropylene which is the type of material that we are accustomed to molding with as opposed to EtOH, which is the Biofinity product. We believe that this means better yield, higher volumes and much lower costs. Note, since we've been burnt in the past with our Biofinity rollout that included in the 2008 guidance is none of the two-week silicone hydrogel product. However, we expect the two-week to be a major factor to our post 2008 market share gains and are therefore very optimistic about continuing solid double-digit growth into 2009 and beyond. We already know many chains have a high degree of interest in this new product. Furthermore, we believe we will be able to produce large volumes on our Gen II platform where one line can likely exceed the total capacity of all of the Biofinity lines in their current state. Biofinity is now in production on six lines or even seven if I count one that was put into production last week. As an aside, during the fourth quarter we decommissioned our first Biofinity line, writing off its entire value of $7 million. I know Steve will be covering our fourth quarter results; simplistically however, line number one was our model tee of silicone hydrogel production with about the same amount of OR [ph], a greater direct labor overhead and depreciation and could only produce once if the amount of lenses as the other lines. Once we determined it was not capable of being upgraded, the decision to stop wasting our time and money became obvious. Another key area critical to our success is the silicone hydrogel toric and to a lesser extent silicone hydrogel multifocal. In 2008, we will be working on two silicone hydrogel projects; one using a one-month Biofinity and one our two-week products. While it is unclear which one will be ready to go to market first, we expect to have a silicone hydrogel toric in production by the end of this fiscal year. I might point out that the risk profile transitioning from a sphere to a toric is much lower other than that to develop a new lens, Biofinity on a new manufacturing platform with all the materials. So we are a lot more confident that silicone hydrogel torics will be a contributor to our 2009 and beyond results. For the first time, we have adequate resource to focus on these critical areas. Before I transition to 1 Day disposable modality, let me make one more very important point about our ability to move quickly into the $1.4 billion silicone hydrogel market. Silicone hydrogel is now 27% of the global market and 46% of U.S. market in the most recent calendar quarter provided by independent market research. Keep in mind, our silicone hydrogel materials are third generation silicone hydrogel material. They are not coated like the first generation silicone hydrogel, they are less rigid or stiff. Our patented Aquaform technology allows water to bond with this silicone hydrogel unlike competing technologies. This is important since, while all lenses worked reasonably well, comfort is still number one factor in a decision of what lenses to wear. People have these lenses in half the day, so they must be comfortable. A serious... a second factor is unlike the market leader, we will work with the largest chains and let them leverage their branded private labels. We'll offer this flexibility with our two-week silicone hydrogel, which is in the sweet part of the market. Now on to the 1 Day modality. As we suggested through out this year, the 1 Day or daily disposable market is going to stay a major growth driver globally. Keep in mind, the U.S. is only 36% of the worldwide market and is likely to be less five years down the road, given the rapid growth in Asia Pacific. This Asia Pacific continues to grow double-digit mainly because of daily disposables. During the fourth quarter, we made substantial progress in expanding capacity for our 1 Day Proclear, daily disposable was just Proclear 1 Day by substantially... I mean by tripling its capacity between July and October. Today we can achieve annualized rates of 150 million lenses and while we are still capacity constrained, we now have enough capacity to help drive the double-digit growth we expect in 2008 and going forward. The market for 1 Day remains double-digit and we believe Proclear, which is a proven material for late day comfort will be a great product for this global space, or be our one day work course. To diverse from new products and to renew our product offering, let me just touch on an extremely important message about 2007. We are emphasizing to our CVI sales force, the message is sell what you have, don't try to sell what you don't have. No silicone hydrogel for... in 2007 in spite of no silicone hydrogel two-weeks product in limited capacity for Biofinity and a start-up of Proclear 1 Day, our CVI sales team gained market share and in fact, gained share in the U.S. Total fits today are 21.6% and we are in a number two position in the U.S. They accomplished this incredible fee being hugely limited on supply and during a difficult transition period of relative supply while we were consolidating... or inadequate supply while we are consolidating the distribution centers around the world. I am immensely proud of our global organization and particularly, our sales team which has hung in there through the tough times. A second important point about our 2007 results that I hope you picked up on is how much market share you continue to gain of the hydrogel or the non-silicone hydrogel market. While this portion of the market is flat worldwide, it still represents 74% of the entire market. Our Proclear family is up 27% in constant currency for the year and an impressive 36% constant currency for our most recent quarter. This growth is all... this growth of Proclear is in all categories; daily disposables, our conventional spheres, torics as well as multifocals. So in the first nine months of the calendar year, Proclear material moved share of the non-silicone hydrogel market world wide from 4% to 5%. Today its 24% of our revenue compared to only 20% in 2006. All this and we still don't have market for Proclear in Japan, a market almost the size of Europe. In Japan, we expect to be launching Proclear 1 Day at the end of this calendar year or early calendar year 2009 depending on regulatory approval. We talked about new products and capacity and selling what you got. The other part of the... of our market share gains growth story is Asia Pacific. Here, we've made progress and we laid the groundwork for future growth by adding to several key positions in 2007. For example, we now have a President of Asia Pacific and we are already expanded into China, Malaysia and Taiwan. In early 2008, we will go direct in Hong Kong. Some of our progress is already apparent in our growth, 19% in constant currency in 2008. As we add new products, gain regulatory approval and with existing products such as Proclear in Japan, and expand our footprint, we expect to rapidly increase our market share in a high-growth hitter from its 8% level today. And so in summary, we believe we have a great market to participate in and one we expect to continue to see grow 6% to 9%. We believe that we have the right family of new products for the silicone hydrogel market. We believe that we have the right family of products or the resources to grow in Asia Pacific and we believe we will continue to gain share in the flat hydrogel market where no one but us is effectively addressing the market other than India on the disposables. Excluding daily disposable hydrogels, they still accounts for 40% of the market and Proclear answers the need in that space. 2007 set the stage for how we will proceed going forward. We think that 2007 will allow us to achieve double-digit constant currency growth going forward, keeping in mind the key event that took place; significant progress with Biofinity manufacturing, know how, capacity and output or yields if you will. The launch of our premium one day disposable, Proclear 1 day and the ramping up of its capacity to 150 million unit mark by the end of 2007. The completion of consolidation of inefficient distribution system in the United States and substantial completion in Europe, solid progress on getting ready to launch into the two-week hydrogel market, the U.S sweets spot, the progress in adding to the infrastructure to gain share in Asia Pacific, while very, very disruptive the substantial realignment of our manufacturing plants and locations, in order to optimize efficiency going forward; particularly by optimizing the Gen II platform fired during the... from the Ocular acquisition. CooperSurgical, just a brief comment about that. CVI CooperSurgical had an outstanding year. It achieved $155 million in revenue, growing 24%. It has successfully integrated its hospital business, which now has a dedicated and productive sales organization that knows how to sell into hospital, the hospital technique of selling. Sales for the year were $42 million, up 56% up from the prior year and new... and now account for 25% of CooperSurgical. CooperSurgical successfully completed two acquisitions; Wallach Gynecology Devices used primarily in office practices, and Lone Star Retractor System, which places a retractor ring around a surgical incision field. CooperSurgical continues to perform well with 9% organic growth in the fiscal year and in the fourth quarter. Just to comment briefly about guidance, while 2007 was indeed an integration and start-up year and 2007 was indeed an immensely complex year from our analysts' and shareholders' perspective, 2008 will see us transition to a new stage, growth with improving profits. Given our huge commitment to grow with 70% of our revenue in new products in 2011, we'll remain capital intensive at least until we ramp up the required platform for what we believe will be our two-week work course. And with that we gave guidance for 2008, which reflects top line growth in the range of $1.40 billion to $1.90 billion. Drivers; CVI at $875 million to $920 million, the drivers are Biofinity and Proclear 1 Day, noteworthy is not included in that guidance is two-week silicone hydrogel lens which as I indicated we expect now in the market as early as mid-fiscal year. From an earnings call... for earnings call outs or identified costs will be one-third of where they are in 2007. As we move towards 2008, we will begin to increasingly emphasize our GAAP results, something I know that all of our analyst and our shareholders will be very happy about. And for 2008, our GAAP earnings are expected to be in the range of $1.30 to $1.80, while our non-GAAP targeted earnings in the range of $2.40 to $2.65. With that, I will turn over to Steve who will talk about the results.
Steven M. Neil: Thanks Bob. Good afternoon and evening everyone. Overall, I want to refer everyone to the Cooper Co. website for product detail. We post the market data as well as our product sales data there. So I don't want to get into too many numbers today. I am going to be talking as Bob did in revenue mostly in constant currency. Overall for the quarter, our revenue was $254 million, which was up 14% in constant currency, so very strong quarter for both segments, especially Vision, which gained share globally as well as in the U.S. during the quarter. Overall for the Vision Group, there was a 10% soft lens sales growth, which followed 7% in the third quarter and that compares to 1% to 2% in the first half. Thus we've had a significant impact realized from new products and additional production capacity as the Vision Group gained global market share in the second half of the year. Regionally, the Americas led the growth where soft lens revenue grew 12% over the fourth quarter last year and 5% over the previous quarter. And what drove the Americas was the U.S., which showed very strong growth, growing 16% in the fourth quarter, and also 5% over the third quarter. Looking at products, single-use product grew 29% and represents 15% of our total sales. Biofinity sales were $5 million for the quarter, $10 million for the year, and in the quarter they were led by Europe at $2.5 million and the U.S. at $2.2 million. Overall, spheres were up 12% which compares to being up 5% in the third quarter and flat in the first half. Disposable torics grew 8% and in the U.S., disposable torics were up 10% despite not having a silicon hydrogel toric in the market. Proclear material sales were up 36% in the quarter, and at $52 million, now represents 25% of soft lens revenue. Overall disposable lenses were up 13% and our core lenses were up 16%, core lenses now representing 72% of our total revenue, while the market was up approximately 5% in the quarter. Else while our capacity constrained on Biofinity and PC single-use, we significantly outperformed last year and the market as supply increases for these products in 2008 and our growth was enhanced focusing for these products for the next year. So certainly setting ourselves up well for strong growth here in 2008 as that capacity comes in. Looking briefly at the women's healthcare... sorry about that, technical difficulty here let me go again. CSI, or women's healthcare business had another solid quarter, with revenue growing 25%, 9% organically. Hospital products are now 27% of the revenue and that's up from 22% last year, and they grew 51% in the quarter and organically it was a double-digit growth rate, so again strong, consistent growth by women's healthcare. Turning to revenue guidance; we expect revenue growth next year to be driven by single use and silicone hydrogel products as Bob mentioned. CVI should continue to grow much far faster than the market and we should be continuing to see the growth in hospital products from our Women's Healthcare Group, which will expand the revenues from its recent acquisitions. For the first time since introducing single use lenses in 2001, we believe that our manufacturing capacity in the second half of 2008 will catch up to demand and we'll be able to aggressively pursue new sales opportunities that we've not been able to bid on previously. Additionally, we expect to continue to substantially increase our production of Biofinity lenses not only through the addition of a few new lines, but also through continuing yield improvements. An additional product line was put into service at the end of November as Bob mentioned, significantly ahead of schedule and we expect an additional line to be brought on by the end of the first quarter. Overall, we are confident that our product offerings will result in 10% to 15% revenue growth in markets that today are growing 5% to 7%. I want to spend a little bit of time on call-outs. I think it's to try a little bit different perspective than we have in the past. As most of you know, we've identified those costs which we feel are not of a recurring nature. As cynic would say, we've done this to confuse you and to the point that we have no doubt been successful. So hopefully, I can provide some clarity here and also some guidance as we go into 2008 on these costs. We really group call-outs into 4 types of costs; acquisition and integrated related. Those relate to costs that are primarily the result of acquisition of Ocular Sciences and consist of accelerating depreciation or writing off redundant assets once more efficient product lines are in place. Severance cost for duplicative functions and overlapping cost, while new operations are implemented. These costs are both cash and non-cash related. The second category is manufacturing start-up costs and these relate to new manufacturing platforms, which generate inordinate inefficiencies while we work through the learning curve. These costs are predominantly related to silicone hydrogel manufacturing and they are predominantly cash-related. The third category is litigation expenses. These are costs associated with intellectual property; shareholder and acquisition related litigation and these are also cash-related. And then finally, share-based compensation expense. These are expenses required by SFAS 123R and are non-cash related. More detail on these costs is included in our earnings release and SEC filings, but with these four classifications, we organize our review of the call-outs. With regards to Q4, we worked diligently to complete virtually all of the integration activities by the end of fiscal 2007, which is one quarter ahead of our planned integration timing and significantly faster than we originally projected. We heard loud and clear from our shareholders that what I call, noise [ph] from integration activities needs to be called and we made remarkable progress toward this end in Q4. We consolidated our primary distribution centers in the U.S. that happened in the fourth quarter and Europe that happened at the end of the third quarter, and that was predominantly in the United Kingdom. We completed the conversion of our high-volume processes to newly installed Generation II lines. We complete our assessment of production assets that will be utilized in ongoing operations, including our conclusion with regards to the first Biofinity line as Bob mentioned. And the resulting charges in the quarter, most of which were non-cash related, were higher than we originally estimated and that was due to limited visibility of asset utilization until all production conversion to the new lines was completed. I want to emphasize this, our intention is to return to normalized operations and we believe that our efforts in Q4 achieved that goal. Looking forward, our operating clarity improves dramatically. Costs that impact 2008 are limited to one primary cost and that is manufacturing start-up and two lesser areas; integration-related and litigation expenses. Acquisition and integration costs are all the cost that have been incurred during the three-year integration and they will not recur in 2008 with the expectation of about $1.5 million to $2 million of duplicative facility cost associated with three remaining satellite distribution centers on the European continent. They will be consolidated into our Liege, Belgium facility in 2008. Manufacturing start-up costs, they will end in 2008. They carry over from 2007 as a result of inventory and cost inefficiencies that will flow through to the P&L when a product is sold and the start-up of several new silicone hydrogel lines. We estimate between $24 million and $35 million to be incurred in 2008, significantly less than 2007 and again they will end in 2008. And lastly, litigation expenses. With the settlement of our Intellectual property litigation received in November, they are essentially one month worth legal billings that will be identified in 2008 in a small amount of class action expenses. We estimate between $2.5 million and $3.5 million to be incurred in 2008 and that's primarily in the first quarter. Thus in 2008, we expect the identified cost to range from $28 million to $40 million, which is $0.50 to $0.70 per diluted share. This compares to an EPS impact of $2.31 in 2007 as we have largely completed the integration activities and we are now migrating to new manufacturing platform. Lastly, we will continue to identify share-based compensation expenses going forward because they are arbitrary and non-cash related, non-comparable to earlier financials that are in the five year table. We estimate these costs to range from $0.35 to $0.40 per share in 2008. Hopefully, this lengthy clarification is helpful and indicates why the costs were incurred, why we feel they are non-recurring in nature and why they will go away in 2008. Taking a quick look at the operating results, I am not going to repeat the numbers that are in the release. But rather I want to focus on trends and how they impact 2008. First however, I wanted to address our Q4 results, excluding call-out, which were lower than anticipated by approximately $10 million or $0.20 per share and this is due to three factors. One is the impact of currency, which is primarily the impact on our U.K based manufacturing; the second is operational inefficiencies in manufacturing and packaging as we completed our integration activities, and we have not called these inefficiencies out, we are learning. And third expense is associated with supporting product launches, which were more aggressive in the quarter than planned and thus we incurred distribution and trial lenses cost in advance of the revenue generation. Excluding the impact of currency, these Q4 activities put us in a position to effectively drive growth in 2008. Now looking at the income statement for the quarter, gross margin excluding the call-outs declined to 61% versus 63% in the fourth quarter last year, and this is due to product mix as lower margin spheres primarily single-use grew faster than higher margin torics. In general, our cost per lens for our major product categories are the same or less than in Q4 last year and pricing is essentially the same. Thus product mix is causing a decline in gross margin. In Q4, we also incurred inefficiencies in manufacturing and packaging as we complete our integration effort, which adversely impacted gross margin by approximately $3 million to $4 million, again which we have not called out and which we do not expect to recur. Looking into 2008, we expect gross margins to be slightly lower year-over-year due to product mix. Our strong revenue growth in 2008 is expected to come from silicon hydrogel and single-use lenses, both which will carry lower than average gross margin. I should note however, that as we go through 2008 we expect our cost per lens for both single-use, especially Proclear and silicon hydrogel to decrease and as these manufactured lenses flow through inventory, they will positively impact gross margins. Another significant impact in 2008 is the benefit from the migration of product for more... to more efficient product lines and that incurred in the second half of 2007, which is expected to favorably impact manufacturing cost by $12 million to $13 million next year and will substantially offset the mix impact. Thus overall, we expect gross margins in the 62% to 63% range in 2008. Looking at operating expenses excluding call-outs, they were 43% of sales in Q4 compared to 45% last year, as we experienced some leverage from the increased sales. In 2008, we expect to again experience leverage on our operating expenses. However, we anticipate continuing to grow our marketing and R&D investments as we invest in the near term and in product launches and in future product development. In 2009, we expect even greater leverage on our operating expenses as we transition from the spending associated with Biofinity and two-week silicone hydrogel sphere launches, the toric launches, at the end of the year and PC single-use launches. This new product spending in 2008 fuels revenue growth in 2009 and beyond. Operating margin excluding call-outs was 18%. This is the same as last year and reflects the impact from the changing product mix offset by the lower operating expenses. Our operating margin was impacted by costs associated with our new product launches and as noted, we absorbed the manufacturing, packaging and distribution inefficiencies in the quarter as we completed our integration activities. When you take the distribution inefficiencies with the manufacturing and packaging, it totaled approximately $6 million to $7 million in the quarter, which is not being called out, as I noted earlier. We anticipate operating margin in the 19% to 20% range in 2008 as we balance our marketing and R&D spending with total operating expenses growing less than sales. We do expect our clinical expenses to be high in 2008 as we complete the design of our silicone hydrogel toric as we develop our marketing programs for two-week silicone hydrogel sphere and silicone hydrogel toric and further expand our Biofinity and PC Daily marketing. We would expect to realize operating margin expansion of an additional 100 to 200 basis points in 2009 as gross margins improve and we realize improved operating expense leverage. The effective tax rate excluding call-outs for the fiscal year was 17% and we expect the rate in 2008 to reduce to 14% to 16% range, which is more normalized from a revenue by jurisdiction perspective. And let me close it out with few comments on cash flow. Our operating cash flow was $38 million in Q4, compares to $36 million last year. With our integration activities substantially behind us, we anticipate cash flow improvement in 2008 significantly over 2007. Our as reported or GAAP earnings substantially increased with the completion of the integration activities, we are going to see improvement in profitability and will begin to experience sustained reduction in finished goods inventory levels as we complete our distribution center consolidation effort. Thus looking at 2009, we expect operating cash flow to expand further, as profit margins expand and global inventory turnover improves further. In the quarter, we had capital... I am sorry, for the year, we had capital expenditures of $184 million and that reflects initial progress payments made in the fourth quarter on single-use and two-week silicone hydrogel production lines that will be built during 2008. We expect CapEx of $160 million to $180 million in 2008 as we add those silicone hydrogel and single-use line and those will support our revenue growth opportunities in late 2008 and 2009. So with that, a lot of data lot of numbers, I am going to turn it over to Bob for Q&A. Question And Answer
Robert S. Weiss: Okay. Operator, can you open up the lines for questions?
Operator: Sure. [Operator Instructions].
B. Norris Battin: Gerard Holtz [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Just a couple of quick questions and I will jump off here. Can you just talk about the cannibalization of Dk 100 to two week, what it can do? Because I know you are not including in your guidance for next year. But if you look at J&J, which basically dictates the market at this point, moving over to a two-week, could eventually just blow Biofinity away. Meaning, Biofinity goes away and you just go with a two-week? And then just on the royalty payments, is that going to... are those royalty payments for the silicone hydrogel lenses going to be excluded from your earnings numbers?
Robert S. Weiss: I will pick both of those questions. First of all on cannibalization, the... certainly the U.S. market is much more about the two-week market whereas the rest of the world is much more about a 1 month particularly as it relates to silicone hydrogel. So I don't... while the work course clearly will be the two-week going forward, there is a large niche market as we can see from pure vision and night and day and in the 30-day space. So I think Biofinity given if perception in the marketplace will have its place, we look five years down the road there is no doubt that the two-week will be the much larger market. But we don't... given the number of alliance we have and amount of capacity, we probably can address the market needs from that perspective. As far as... so the answer is, well, a long way from being able to meet the market needs in both spaces; the one day... the two-week and the 30-day marketplace and it's not one size to tell globally. As far as the royalty, the royalty is baked into the numbers that are not called out, its not a call-out going forward and from the perspective of expectation down the road as we look down the road at silicone hydrogel space, we will still have attractive gross margins. By attractive I mean if we look two or three years down the road, north of 70% addressing that. So it was a win-win from the company's prospective and time to move on and stop as you can see from the legal fees we created in the quarter, it was time to move beyond making the lawyers that rich and do more productive things
Unidentified Analyst: Got you, okay. That makes sense. Just one more thing on the royalty, can you quantify the percentage that you will have to payout? And then just on the call-outs for next year, you mentioned that you are going to kind of curtail the manufacturing portion of those expenses related to new products. But with a couple of new toric lenses potentially coming on, does that mean unlike that spheres those numbers will not be as significant? Thanks.
Robert S. Weiss: Steve you want to take that?
Steven M. Neil: Yes, I will take that. No, we won't disclose royalty percentage, Gerry, it's a nice try. The torics on silicone hydrogel, once we understand how to work with silicone hydrogel and spheres, while a toric is more complicated because you have to deal with the cylinder and the access, we do that on hydrogels today, that's a normal recurring operating expense. The startup to build adequate inventory, do a launch takes longer because you have over three times the SKUs. But as far as inefficient expenses or anything, there is no call-out and that's not considered a non-recurring type expenses in the numbers.
Unidentified Analyst: All right. Thanks a lot.
Steven M. Neil: Sure enough.
B. Norris Battin: Joanne, you are the next questioner.
Joanne Wuensch: Thank you. You are not including in your numbers the Dk 100 product which tells me that your top line is probably a number that you are fairly comfortable with. Can you confirm, do you think if your guidance is being conservative? Do you think if it is being aggressive and same things for the bottom line, how much have you plugged in on your expense side?
Robert S. Weiss: From the perspective of not taking on the two-week, we have learned our lesson with the Biofinity and we really don't want to get on that path, a product is a product when it's out there and in the marketplace and has adequate capacity behind it. So we obviously are optimistic, we will be in the market mid year and, so from that perspective we think that the range we've given on the revenue side is a realistic range and one that, that we think have a good shot... we've a good shot of being towards the top end of that. Relative to your second point, earnings per share, I think we approached the guidance the same way, lets... I don't want to say lets not... lets find the bottom for sure, but I think what we have is realistic guidance and one that the shot of getting us top end of the guidance is, at least much better than the top... the risk of the bottom end and I think obviously, guidance gets more manageable now that we have, if you will, $100 million of restructuring activity pushed to background and we are done with that. The risk on Biofinity, now that we've been in production, the periods of time we have, now that we've basically stepped up and can make 2 million plus lenses a month. Obviously, the predictability has gone way up on that front. Our bottom line, top line are driven by... certainly our bottom line is driven heavily by top line growth. And in that sense, we view that having... we feel good about the capacity potential for delivering Biofinity and Proclear 1 Day, which are going to be the drivers of next year's top line growth and therefore, will be contributing to our earnings per share growth.
Joanne Wuensch: That's very helpful. If you look throughout the year, do we think of 2008 as the back end loaded year or is it still a year than you are going to build Biofinity, you are going to build the 1 Day lens and you are going to decrease your call-outs?
Robert S. Weiss: It's a little back ended, but not skewed perhaps as much as this year was. Biofinity and Proclear 1 Day is ramping up. As of right now, we're somewhat constrained on both fronts. And we will be out of I think a mode of being constrained by mid year, which will then foster even better growth. We could sell a lot more for example Proclear 1 Day in Europe, if we could make a lot more this year, from the get go day one. But being at 150 million units in capacity is we've made a lot of progress there, so year-over-year we would expect respectable growth in the first six months also.
Joanne Wuensch: Okay. Thank you very much.
B. Norris Battin: Larry Biegelsen.
Larry Biegelsen: Good evening and thanks for taking the call. Can you hear me okay?
B. Norris Battin: Yes we can Larry.
Larry Biegelsen: Couple of questions on the Dk 100. First, any hurdles that... what are the major hurdles that are still in place for making the lens are they material specific or is it related to adopting into the Gen II line? Could you talk about the property, I don't know, if you have talked about the properties of the lens specifically, the modulus surface treatment, water content and dk/t. The gross margin compared to Biofinity and lastly, if you do launch it next year, what would be the earnings impact? Obviously, there is a benefit on the top line because it's not in your top line guidance. But, would you expect it to be positive or negative on earnings next year? Thanks.
Robert S. Weiss: As far as the hurdles of getting to market. There are two ways to look at the production side. It's on Gen II and as I indicated, it's being made by polypropylene, which we made throughout our past, so that we are very comfortable with. We already are in production on what's known as fast track, I think some of you have seen that in the U.K. in November. So we know we can make the product at least on fast track, we are basically well down the line of getting the product PQed [ph] as we would say, Production Quality in Puerto Rico which is our large Gen II line. There is a regulatory requirement to file 10-K, we are working to the process of approval with the FDA. And we are certainly reasonably optimistic that we will be in the marketplace in the timeframe we targeted, the April-May timeframe. Obviously, no guarantees when you are dealing with the government, but we... from the perspective of this material compared to other materials, there is nothing particularly more challenging, relative to what should be, from a regulatory point of view. As far as the Dk of this material compared to Biofinity, yes, the Dk is Biofinity is 128 this is a 100, so it's a little bit less in terms of Dk and more suitable for that two-week space. From the point of view of its stiffness, it is obviously a little more stiff than... a little less stiff than 100... 128 Biofinity, and from that perspective, it will do well in the market, measures up well against if you will, Oasys.
Larry Biegelsen: Bob, are you willing to disclose surface treatment and the modulus, the numbers?
Robert S. Weiss: I think that's going to be available out there as far as the 100... from the point of view of its water content will be slightly higher 52%. Its modulus will be around where Acuvue, it is a 0.4 modulus, which is comparable to Acuvue Advance if you will, as well as 02 optics. So a less stiff compared to if you will Oasys and the Dk 128 are more comparable. It is a... it is like Biofinity, not a coded material and basically has a lot of Aquaform properties vis--vis being having a higher water content and presumably features that could be comfort.
Larry Biegelsen: And lastly then on the profitability, I mean if you launch it in '08, does it benefit earnings or is it a drag on earnings?
Robert S. Weiss: I would say that given what we think of this product, we are not going to go right in terms of putting it into the marketplace. So for the most part, we will spend to put the muscle behind it if the capacity is robust. There will be some incremental contribution perhaps, but it's not going to suddenly shoot our profits way up. We are going to... we view ourself as a growth company and a growth company shouldn't try to move product out of the shoot particularly one that we think have delays that this products does.
Larry Biegelsen: I am sorry; it's not in your top line guidance, but is it in your earnings guidance so?
Robert S. Weiss: It is in neither. It is not in top and it is not in bottom.
Larry Biegelsen: You are saying that, if you launch it next year, it would probably have more of a positive impact, slightly positive on earnings as supposed to be a drag on earnings... on your guidance, is that right?
Robert S. Weiss: Yes, it will certainly have a more positive impact on the top line and a much less favorable impact on the bottom line given that we are going to... we will invest heavily in rolling it out.
Larry Biegelsen: And lastly on depreciation... D&A was high in the quarter at $29 million, why and going forward --?
Robert S. Weiss: I'll let Steve talk to that.
Steven M. Neil: Yes, Larry its like last quarter and we have disclosed I believe in the release there is accelerated depreciation on some assets that we were taking out of service and if you identify those assets, as having a shorter life and they exist in standard, you have to accelerate that depreciation and tell they are thrown away. And so there is I can't right off the top of my head there, it is in our releases as to what impact had to do with that accelerated piece. But it's yes, I am sorry it is. Its in the quarter, $9.4 million of the $28 million was related to accelerated depreciation for those assets and $14.2 million compared to the total $84 million was accelerated depreciation on those assets that were taken out of service. So that will and there is a small less than $1 million roll over that into Q1. So that's virtually done, but that's the reason for the increase.
Larry Biegelsen: Thank you.
B. Norris Battin: Larry Keusch.
Lawrence Keusch: Hey guys, can you hear me?
B. Norris Battin: Yes we can.
Robert S. Weiss: Hi Larry.
Lawrence Keusch: That's great. So I guess is what I am wrestling with, if I think about the low end of your guidance and think about the 19% to 20% op margin that you were talking about, I keep coming up with sort of EPS numbers that would be higher than the guidance you provided. So I am wondering if, number one, when you are talking about operating margin, does it exclude stock-based comp? And maybe you can also help us think a little bit about how you guys are thinking about interest expense. And I think your tax rate would be somewhere between 14% to 16%. So if you could just help settling straight, that would be really helpful.
Robert S. Weiss: Steve you want to--?
Steven M. Neil: Yes, I'll give a shot at that Larry. The interest expense is going to go up a little bit, especially as we go into the first half of the year, you will notice that from a cash flow perspective, we had negative free cash flow last year, largely due to the integration activities, the cash portion of the integration activities and the $184 million in CapEx. We expect to be positive for the full year, but that's more coming out the back-end, being positive than upfront. So we expect some impact from interest expense. You will also notice that the currency impact in the quarter for us this year, this fourth quarter was $4 million. We think there is a currency today a weak dollar against the pound, we buy more product from the U.K. than we sell to it. So we think that's going to have some impact again Larry, so that's the pressure there. We do think that the taxes are going to be in the 15% to 15.5% range, but again that will move around depending on where the cash or the profits stick. So hopefully that helps get you to it. The real balance is what Bob indicated is how much do you invest in the launching of these products, the marketing and trial lenses and we will continue to grow R&D in 2008 above the sales growth line. So there is a balance on operating margin, but there is a little bit of activity that's going on below the operating margin line which may help you reconcile back to those numbers.
Lawrence Keusch: Okay. But the 19% to 20% op margin is inclusive of those marketing and expenses that you're talking about. Is that right?
Steven M. Neil: That is correct.
Lawrence Keusch: So, I guess I am still... and we can take this offline I'm still --
Steven M. Neil: It does... I am sorry; it does not include the equity base. You'll see this year and I'm trying to think, the number I believe it was $0.28 was our equity component, we're thinking it's going to be $0.35 to $0.40, that's probably the difference for you.
Lawrence Keusch: Got it. So that makes sense. So the 19% to 20% is excluding stock-based comp?
Steven M. Neil: Right.
Lawrence Keusch: Okay. And then I guess the second question is, can you just help me understand coming back to Dk 100, I guess there is two questions here. One is; you said that, you're kind of in this, let's say you are down this year, you are looking... you are getting the production quality up in Puerto Rico. So I guess technically, its still sort of an R&D line if you will, or in R&D. Again, how different is that line from what you already have going in the U.K.? I understand Puerto Rico has Gen II etcetera, the higher volume line. But again, if you got it working in the U.K. I guess I am trying to figure out what are the risks that you can't get that on the timeline that you are looking for down in Puerto Rico? And then the second part of that question is, if you are telling us that you are going to get this on the market earlier than you had anticipated, you're obviously feeling a pretty... you are starting to feel some what conviction for the product. So why not put that in the guidance if you now start to feel like you can get there ahead of your prior expectation?
Robert S. Weiss: Okay. Good question Steve. The platform used in the U.K. compared to Puerto Rico is completely different. One is not... Puerto Rico is Gen II and a highly complex piece of equipment that runs into neighborhood of over $30 million. The... what we call the fast track in U.K., while it uses polypropylene mold, is a much more if you will labor intensive process that is not Gen II, easier to get through, easier to make product offer. We are in fact in production on that, but that's not the way we are going to have a work course product and that's not the way a long-term, we will get our cost down. So, yes, we could... we can make enough on that line to have a launch, but the launch would not be a robust launch compared to getting through all of them as we call it PQ, Production Quality in Puerto Rico. We expect over the next couple of months to if you will, authenticate the line in Puerto Rico. The second piece of the equation is regulatory and so if you put regulatory together with the production side, then we are... are we being cautious? Yes, we are, but I'd rather have it as an upside than have egg on my face that we put in the guidance and then it became nothing.
Lawrence Keusch: Okay, got you. Thanks guys.
Steven M. Neil: Thanks Larry.
B. Norris Battin: Jeff Johnson.
Jeff Johnson: Good evening guys. Can you hear me, okay?
B. Norris Battin: Yes we can Jeff.
Jeff Johnson: All right. Just a couple of things here, qualitatively can you talk about the Dk 100 launch that you are planning in March, April. From what we are hearing maybe going out just a few data sites, and how quickly could you ramp that up or is it something where most of the calendar year you'd expect it to stay at a limited number of sites?
Robert S. Weiss: The answer of that Jeff is really comes back to if we are rolling out the product based on fast track in the U.K. it's going to be limited launch. If Puerto Rico line is running the way, we think, it could run, it has the capability to match the production of, as I indicated all of the first six lines of Biofinity, so it would be pretty robust. We think the yield, so it comes back to a lot of discussions about can you make it and how will the yields do? We think the capability to get respectable yields out of Gen II line using polypropylene is much, much, much by a factor of, I don't want to say, 10 but hugely easier event than what we're trying to do with Biofinity. So what will dictate how robust is the launch is number one, getting the approval, the FDA approval on the 5, 10-K, and two then would be, how well is the line doing in Puerto Rico. If its doing well and all goes to what we are hoping to happen, we could start having a respectable amount of product well out of the door in the April-May timeframe, too early to guarantee anything. And that's why it's not in our guidance.
Jeff Johnson: Fair enough. Then and Bob, maybe I missed this, but how many lines in Puerto Rico eventually would you like to have on the Dk 100?
Robert S. Weiss: Well, we're going to start with one; we have a second one on order. These things in theory crank out around 35 million units. So it's... if go to a third line, if three are in production that is one heck of a lot of silicon hydrogel lenses, keeping in mind, that's a little different than our daily disposable, in terms of what you get as an ARP. So these... the lead time is substantial on the equipment. So it's in the neighborhood of approaching 18 months and that's why we already have the second line on order.
Jeff Johnson: Fair enough. And then is the steep CapEx in '09, I know you talked about it for '08, but expectations that it could fall off in '09, is that a good expectation ever, an accurate expectation to have? And can you just remind me, maybe what normalized CapEx level should be for you guys eventually?
Steven M. Neil: Yes, we are trying to define normal, but I will help a little bit. We think that a maintenance level CapEx for us is about $25 million, that's just your existing capacity and replacing things that get old. We think if we grow with market share, we are somewhere around the $100 million to $110 million, and then you get above that, if you are growing faster than market share. So next year, $160 million to $180 million reflects the investments in the single-use lines as well as the second Dk 100 line. In '09, the production line should go down, even if we are growing above market. But by mid 2010, we think we are going to be out of manufacturing capacity. Today, we are actively looking as to where to put that next footprint. So if we have a build of building then the CapEx cost would be quite a bit different. If we have to lease and just retrofit, it will be quite a bit less. So what I think from a guidance perspective in '09 is we expect '09 to be similar in amount to '08, it's just that, it will be less production capacity and then made up... the difference made up by a manufacturing facility. But little bit early right now, because we don't know what that footprint looks like in 2010, but hopefully that helps.
Jeff Johnson: All right. And then last question I guess, going back to the earlier question on operating margins. Just putting your guidance together for '08 and even if you exclude options, it just seems to me operating margin have to be down next year assuming some consistency in the interest expense line. Am I just looking at my model wrong? I know, you've talked about leveraging top line growth in the faster earnings growth next year, I am just not seeing it in your guidance there in my model and maybe you could help me out there?
Steven M. Neil: Yes, I'll take a shot at that Jeff. I mean, we expect the gross profit... the gross margin to be slightly down. And that's why we say 62% to 63% and that's purely mix. And we do expect except for marketing and R&D to lever off of OpEx. In other words, that will grow less than sales. So the real balance on operating margin that I say is how much you are investing in R&D and how much you are investing to margin. We don't expect to get a huge growth next year. We expect significant growth in '09 because as we go out of the year, a Proclear daily unit cost and a Biofinity unit cost and for that matter a Dk 100 unit cost is going to be less going out of the year than it is average for the year. So we expect to have some margin expansion, but not great again, because we want to set up '09 and take advantage of that capacity and the new products we are putting on... putting the capacity in for. So, it will expand, it's just again 2009 is less constrained from a capacity perspective. So that's where you see significant operating margin growth.
Jeff Johnson: All right. And just to make sure I am not mishearing you, Steve or misunderstanding you, you are saying, it will expand. But then you are also kind of saying, everything you are saying is excluding marketing and R&D?
Steven M. Neil: No, no, what I am saying is, it's a balance Jeff. The marketing and R&D we are not going to go crazy. But we certainly are going to invest to drive the future and will I invest a $200,000 in clinical activities to support a silicon hydrogel toric in fiscal '08 even if I don't have revenues until as we go out of fiscal '08, you are damn straight I will.
Jeff Johnson: Understood. But if you do that, there is a scenario here where operating margin falls next year?
Steven M. Neil: Correct
Jeff Johnson: Okay that's it... I will work in my model, I just wanted to make sure I didn't have an error somewhere.
Steven M. Neil: Yes, it's a balance, it's a balance.
Jeff Johnson: Now, that's it. That is all I got guys, thanks very much.
B. Norris Battin: Mike Weinstein.
Michael Weinstein: Thanks. Can you hear me?
B. Norris Battin: Yes sir
Michael Weinstein: Hi. Let's clear up this operating margin discussion, okay. Your guidance for the year, some gets right after your release $2 to $2.30 before you add back your stock-based comp, is that right?
Steven M. Neil: That's correct
Michael Weinstein: Okay. And then if I back into that an operating margin, I get 15% to 16% using your other commentary about tax rate and what else, interest expense?
Steven M. Neil: Yes.
Michael Weinstein: So, if I am right, I get 15% to 16%, it looks to me that what you are excluding Steve is your amortization expense. So your... when you said 18% to 19%, it looks to me like you're are backing up those stock-based comp and the amortization expense, would that be right?
Steven M. Neil: No.
Michael Weinstein: Right, so where is the disconnect? Because you don't get $2 to $2.30 with the guidance you gave?
Steven M. Neil: I am going to have to go and take a look at your model and compare it to ours.
Michael Weinstein: I mean, I am not using my model, I am doing taking your numbers, I am taking your revenue guidance and even with the stock-based comp which is 190 to 200 basis points, which is off of your operating margins commentary, you still wouldn't get down to $2 to $2.30? And that's the question you are hearing from everybody, everybody is doing the same math, they are taking your revenue guidance, taking your operating margin guidance. And they are running that through their income statements, with the 15% or 14% to 15% tax rate and they don't get $2 to $2.30. So it looks like there is some disconnect there and my math says that, it was probably that you are excluding amortization expense as well. Unless the currency impact is going to be significant, I mean like $15 million, $20 million?
Steven M. Neil: Currency is a piece of it. But we have also assumed a pretty significant investment in R&D in the $2 to $2.30 that's where my comments on the clinicals go and also my comment on our balance. Because we are not going to go crazy and --
Michael Weinstein: But R&D is in operating margin.
Steven M. Neil: Correct.
Michael Weinstein: SG&A is in operating margin.
Steven M. Neil: Correct.
Michael Weinstein: So that 18% to 19% commentary right, which was... which backs out stock-based comp, it's still... what's everybody on the phone having a disconnect with?
Steven M. Neil: And understood and what we are trying to do is, we are trying to put an EPS model down there, that we know, we are going to be. That's why we said, we are in the high end. We do expect our margin to be 19% to 20% and if that means that we got a lever off of OpEx, lever off of lower finance IT etcetera cost, that's what we are going to do to bring in that margin. We are not going to take the operating margin down, but we are not going to put an EPS number out there, that we are not going to hit either. So I think it's a balance and what we are going to do is, we are going to really mange the business intelligently. So I understand the mathematics of it, we just want to be conservative on the EPS side, we understand, we are not going to let the margin go south.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. So just to make sure we are all on the same page then so, you are saying that I could have misspoken a minute ago. You're saying 19% to 20% operating margin including the stock-based compensation?
Steven M. Neil: Correct.
Michael Weinstein: And then if we run that through that it with, your other commentary that would say it that $2 to $2.30 guidance then is too low? Is that what you are trying to say?
Steven M. Neil: We're saying its conservative and we're putting something out there at that we're going to make sure that we perform, manage expectations and don't do what we do when we are talking about Biofinity and launching that ahead of time.
Michael Weinstein: Okay and then let me ask this one last question here. The top line guidance, the 10% to15%, do you know what that would be on an organic basis so what are you assuming our currency and M&A?
Steven M. Neil: No, that's constant currency.
Michael Weinstein: So the 10 to 15, so the... your 10... sorry, your 10.40 to 10.90 is
Robert S. Weiss: Just on one thing on... the 10.40 to 10.90 is current rate.
Michael Weinstein: Right.
Robert S. Weiss: All right, if you were to... I think the way you asked the question, if you were to compare that to the prior year, if there are currency factor in the growth and the answer is probably 2% to 3%. That is our currency factor year-over-year.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. Any M&A contribution, obviously you did a couple of small deals so far.
Robert S. Weiss: Yes, that would be inconsequential.
Michael Weinstein: Okay.
Robert S. Weiss: Because they were early... they were early in the 2007 year.
Michael Weinstein: Okay, great, thank you guys.
Steven M. Neil: All right.
B. Norris Battin: Chris Cooley.
Christopher C. Cooley: Thank you guys. Maybe just one quick one here, it's been a long call. Help us think about and I hate to belier the point after Mike just went through it again, but help us think about maybe from this perspective. When we look at your operating margin and you talk about progression in terms of profitability both for the daily and for silicone hydrogel as you get better utilization, I know you don't want to give us maybe specific a why contributions, but how should we think about the change from say now starting fiscal '08 to where we see those key products may be in second half of fiscal '08 and then exiting fiscal half '08, just in terms of the change in the contribution to the OI line. Thank you.
Robert S. Weiss: I think clarify on that expect that, obviously the first six months as we are building capacity and both the Proclear 1 day and Biofinity, we will be... when you talk about things like sitting sets and rolling that out to new accounts, we would certainly be investing heavily in the marketing area. And on the other side or the bottom side of the operating expense category in the area of R&D, we would continued to be investing heavily in terms of the two weeks... the silicone hydrogel torics, the two projects we're working as well as getting the Dk 100 out of the door, if you will. To your question on will we start seeing the pay back of Biofinity and Proclear 1 Day by the... as the year progresses towards the end of the year? The answer is yes. So one would expect a much more robust operating results then in next year in 2009, going slightly the other way will be if we are rolling out the silicone hydrogel torics in 2009, we will certainly invest some money on that. But it should be depending on the timing of the two-week sphere this year will dictate how that translates to 2009 results. But I would expect that the floor if you will of 18% to 19% operating income exclusive of equity compensation to continue to migrate up year-over-year '09 versus '08 to pick up at least one or two points or 100 or 200 basis points.
Christopher C. Cooley: If I may, just 1 or 2 basis points and aggregate for the whole company or for again, just to be clear, maybe really make it simplistic, if I assume a base of 100 going let's say now for those products in terms of think about in terms of profitability, do I exit the year at 101, do I exit the year at 102, 110, help me think about the relative change. I know you won't go to the specifics but can you just speak to the relevant change?
Steven M. Neil: Yes, no, actually I can do I think pretty specific; let me take a shot at it Chris. We expect Biofinity to be approximately a gross margin of 50% this year. We expect to go out of the year with a gross margin in the mid to upper 60s. So you will see natural progression as you go through the year. Now, how much of that gets pulled out the inventory etcetera, its... you're not going to be able to get perfect on it, but we're going to see pretty dramatic, so if I am averaging 50 and I'm going out at the mid 60s, you can model that out through the year. In other words, we expect as we get 1 to 2 years out Bob, 2 to 3 years out, somewhere in that same timeframe that we have a silicon hydrogel family and specifically Biofinity as a premium margined product. The counter to that; and then again this is all timing, your expense, your distribution cost associated with fitting sets and all that stuff has incurred is when you get down to the operating margin. But if you are focused purely on gross margin, you are going to see as you go through the year, some improvement, the same, but to a lesser extent for Proclear dailies. Again, we just started manufacturing Proclear dailies in February and so there is still a little bit of a learning curve there versus say a standard Biomedics or ClearSight daily. So you are going to see some improvement there but the dramatic improvement you are going to see is in Biofinity. Now does that help better?
Christopher C. Cooley: That's super fine. One just last very quickie, how do you think about the NOL in terms of your expectations there? Thank you.
Steven M. Neil: Right. The accounting would dictate that if we didn't think we'll generate enough U.S. taxable income to utilize it, we would have to expense that portion that we aren't going to utilize. As a refresher and my numbers are approximate because I haven't seen the updated, but believe we had something in the order of $6 million worth of NOL that expired this year or they would have expired in '07 and I believe it's around $50 million for '08 and we are comfortable that in the U.S. predominantly. So we are comfortable that our taxable income in the United States will be adequate to utilize that NOL. What that means and it's a good point Chris, what that means is if you use an effective tax rate rounded numbers here of 15%, we generally pay in cash less than a third of that effective tax rate and that's the benefit of the NOL.
Christopher C. Cooley: Thank you.
B. Norris Battin: And that concludes the call, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for being with us tonight.
Robert S. Weiss: Yeah I think I want to thank everyone here. Our next scheduled call is for March the 6th for the results of our first quarter and we look forward to giving you an update on the two-week product at that time and all the other good things that we expect will be happening in 2008. I want to thank you and operator, I guess that's it.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.
