===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-24 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the  West Pharmaceutical Services first quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question and answer session. To ask a question during the session, you will need to press star 11 on your telephone. You will then hear an automated message advising your hand is raised. To withdraw your question, please press star 11 again. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, John Sweeney, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
John Sweeney: Good morning, and welcome to  West Pharmaceutical Services's first quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. We issued our financial results early this morning, and the release has been posted in the Investors section of the company's website located at westpharma.com. On the call today, we will review our financial results, provide an update for our business, and present our financial outlook for FY 2025. There is a slide presentation that accompanies today's call, and a copy of the presentation is available on the investor page of  West Pharmaceutical Services's website. On Slide four, there's a Safe Harbor statement. Statements made by management on the call and in the accompanying presentation contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of US Federal Securities Law. These statements are based on our beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates, and forecasts. The company's future results are influenced by many factors beyond the control of the company, and actual results could differ materially from past results as well as those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements made here. Please refer to today's press release as well as any other disclosures made by the company regarding the risks to which it is subject, including our 10-Q and 8-K reports. During today's call, management will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures, including organic sales growth, adjusted operating profit, adjusted operating profit margin, and adjusted diluted EPS. Limitations and reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in this morning's earnings release. I'll now turn the call over to our CEO, Eric Green. Eric?
Eric Green: Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. I'll begin today's remarks with our performance in the first quarter. Then I'll provide some context on the trends we are seeing and share how the company is positioned for long-term growth. Followed by Bernard's detailed financial review. I will then wrap up with some closing thoughts. Starting on slide five, I'm pleased to report that we delivered a solid start to the year, as both revenues and adjusted EPS exceeded our expectations. This was largely driven by solid contributions from GLP-1s and a reduced impact from industry-wide destocking. Our results reflect the West team's operating execution in the areas where we maintain competitive advantages and strong customer relationships. Moving to slide six, our proprietary products business, which includes HPP components, standard products, and HVP delivery devices, was up 0.6% or up 2.4% on an organic basis. In the past five years, HVP components have grown at a CAGR of 13%, and overall, we expect HPP components revenues to grow mid-single digits in 2025, down from our previous expectations of mid-to-high single digits, a change driven by mix and timing. A key driver of HVP components growth is our ability to capitalize on the significant opportunities in the GLP-1 market. Our HVP GLP-1 elastomer business is performing well, growing to about 7% of total revenues in the first quarter. Furthermore, we continue to make progress with our biologics customers, solidifying our position as the global leader in this space. There are two parts to our biologics business I would like to address individually. First, delivery devices is a small portion of the portfolio within biologics and is the current source of growth as we installed a new production line in Q3 of 2024. However, the growth will reverse in the second half of 2025 when we comp against the significant incentive payments we received in Q3 and Q4 of last year. The largest portion of the portfolio within biologics is HVP components, and this has a positive trend. These are pacing negative in the first and second quarters of 2025, a function of tail-end destocking. We anticipate that this trend will reverse and expect a high single-digit growth rate in the second half of 2025 for Biologics HVP components. On an aggregate basis, we expect biologics growth of low single digits in 2025. We are encouraged with the progress we are making with AnnexOne. In Q1, AnnexOne revenues were about 200 basis points of total revenues. This was stronger than our expectation of 100 to 150 basis points for the full year, driven by favorable Q1 timing. To date, we have approximately 340 AnnexOne projects in various stages with our customers, up from the 280 we mentioned in the last earnings call. Importantly, AnnexOne increases the value proposition of our HVP portfolio with a positive mix shift. Moving on to a discussion of our HVP delivery devices business, on slide seven. The growth in this area was driven by a continued volume ramp in SmartDose in the first quarter of 2025. We have a twofold strategy for this area of our business. First, we are working hard to drive significant margin improvement as we move forward. This incorporates driving scale for the business, introducing an automated line later in 2025 to early 2026, and we are working to improve the economics around this business in the near term. Second, we continue to evaluate the best path forward for this business, and all options remain on the table. Finally, standard products were relatively flat year-over-year. Overall, we are seeing improvements in the proprietary products business driven by strength in GLP-1s in line with our expectations in 2025. In our contract manufacturing segment, on slide eight, revenue growth in our GLP-1 auto injector business is offsetting the CGM contract exits. We continue to work towards filling the space and onboarding new contracts as we continue to execute on this business. We believe that for the full year, our investment in GLP-1 facilities will continue to deliver low single digit growth for this segment. Our goal is to continue growing our contract manufacturing business and move it into drug handling, which we believe will be higher margin and come with lower capital intensity. In the near term, we are executing on our capital allocation strategy, which involves investing in the overall business to drive future performance, returning capital to shareholders through our stock repurchase program and dividends. Before I turn the call over to Bernard, I'm sure you have seen the press release this morning regarding the executive leadership changes. I know that Bernard's decision was not made lightly, and we appreciate the notes he has given the company in order for us to seek a successor and ensure a smooth transition of his role. Bernard has been an invaluable partner and advisor to me and the entire organization. His contributions and leadership over the past seven years have been instrumental to our success. He will be missed. We have initiated a search process to identify Bernard's successor, and he has committed to be part of the selection process where his insights will be beneficial. Additionally, I am pleased to highlight an outstanding new addition to our executive leadership team. Shane Campbell is joining us as the Senior Vice President of Chief Proprietary Segment Officer. He comes to us from Carlisle and Company, where he served as a Chief Commercial Officer of the construction materials business. As an accomplished leader, including a twenty-year career at DuPont, Shane brings extensive global management experience in areas of elastomers, polymers, building materials, chemicals, and packaging. We look forward to working with him and the vast experience he will bring to [companyName]. I'll now hand the call over to Bernard. Bernard?
Bernard Birkett: Thank you, Eric, and good morning. I appreciate your kind words. As you know, I really enjoyed our partnership, working with the West team and I am proud of what we have been able to achieve. Now let's review the numbers in more detail. We'll first look at Q1 2025 revenues and profits. We saw a low single-digit increase in organic sales, an increase in adjusted operating profit, and a reduction in diluted EPS compared to the first quarter of 2024. I will take you through the drivers impacting sales and margin in the quarter, as well as some balance sheet takeaways, and finally, we will provide an update to our guidance. First up, Q1. Our financial results are summarized on Slide nine and the reconciliation of non-U.S. GAAP measures are described on Slide 17 to 19. We recorded net sales of $698 million, representing an organic sales increase of 2.1%. Looking at Slide 10, Proprietary Products organic net sales increased 2.4% in the quarter, primarily driven by positive sales price slightly offset by mix. High-value products, which made up 73% of proprietary product sales in the quarter, increased by low single digits, led by customer demand for self-injection device platforms. The Biologics market unit delivered mid-single digit organic net sales growth, driven by an increase in sales of self-injection device platforms partially offset by lower sales of FluroTech products. The pharma market unit saw mid-single digit growth, primarily due to an increase in sales of standard products and Westar products, while the generics market unit declined mid-single digits, driven by a decline in sales of standard and FluroTech products. Our Contract Manufacturing segment experienced low single digit net sales growth in the first quarter, primarily driven by an increase in sales in self-injection devices for obesity and diabetes. We recorded $231.9 million in gross profit, which was $1.7 million or 0.7% higher than Q1 of last year, and our gross profit margin of 33.2% was a 10 basis point year-over-year increase. Our adjusted operating profit margin of 17.9% was an increase of 20 basis points from the same period last year. Finally, adjusted diluted EPS declined 7.1% for Q1. Excluding stock-based compensation tax benefit, EPS improved by 1.4% compared to the same period last year. Now let's review the drivers in both our revenue and profit performance. On Slide 11, we show the contributions to organic sales increase in the quarter. Sales price increases contributed $23.3 million or 3.4 percentage points of growth in the quarter. Offsetting price was a negative volume and mix impact of $9 million as we saw higher sales of self-injection offset by a decline in FluroTec, and a foreign currency headwind of approximately $11.7 million. Looking at margin performance, Slide 12 shows our consolidated gross profit margin of 33.2% for Q1 2025, up from 33.1% in Q1 2024. Proprietary Products first quarter gross profit margin of 37.3% was 30 basis points higher than the margin achieved in the first quarter of 2024. The key drivers for the increase in proprietary products gross profit margin in addition to sales price or production efficiencies were partially offset by a negative shift in sales mix from HVP components to HVP devices. Contract Manufacturing first quarter gross profit margin of 16.1% was 90 basis points below the margin achieved in the first quarter of 2024, primarily due to increased spend and production inefficiencies. Now let's look at our balance sheet and review how we have done in terms of generating cash for the business. On Slide 13, we have listed some key cash flow metrics. Operating cash flow was $129.4 million for the three months ended March 2025. Growth of $11.2 million compared to the same period last year, a 9.5% increase primarily due to favorable working capital management. Our first quarter 2025 year-to-date capital spending was $71.3 million, $19.3 million lower than the same period last year. Working capital of approximately $931 million at 03/31/2025, decreased by $56.9 million from 12/31/2024, primarily due to a reduction in our cash balance. Our cash balance at 03/31/2025, of $404.2 million was $80.4 million lower than our December 2024 balance. The decrease in cash is primarily due to $134 million of share repurchases, our capital expenditures offset by cash from operations. Turning to guidance, Slide 14 provides a high level summary. We are increasing our full year 2025 revenue guidance for the impact of foreign currency exchange. We expect net sales in a range of $2.945 billion to $2.975 billion compared to prior guidance of $2.875 billion to $2.905 billion. There is an estimated full year 2025 headwind of approximately $5 million based on current foreign exchange rates. We continue to expect organic sales growth to be approximately 2% to 3%, unchanged from prior guidance. We are increasing our full year 2025 adjusted diluted EPS guidance to a range of $6.15 to $6.35, up from the previous range of $6 to $6.20. Full year 2025 adjusted diluted EPS guidance assumes no impact based on current foreign exchange rates, compared to an FX headwind of $0.23 from prior guidance. The updated guidance also includes EPS of $0.02 associated with first quarter 2025 tax benefits from stock-based compensation. Our guidance excludes future tax benefits from stock-based compensation. Here is our assumption about tariffs and our EPS guidance. Based on the tariffs that have been set, we believe the net impact to our business will be $20 million to $25 million for the remaining three quarters of 2025. However, there is a lot of uncertainty here and we appreciate that this number could be more or less depending on retaliatory tariffs and other factors. We continue to monitor the situation, and we are utilizing every available MIDDIC mitigation lever to offset this impact. The tariff headwind is more than offset by the strength we saw in the first quarter, foreign currency improvement, and the first quarter stock comp benefit. We are not currently incorporating any estimate for tariff-related pass-through revenues in our guidance at this point. Moving on to our second quarter guidance. We anticipate revenue to be in the range of $720 million to $730 million, which translates to approximately 3% to 4% of second quarter organic sales growth. And second quarter adjusted diluted EPS is expected to be in a range of $1.05 to $1.55. Lastly, our 2025 CapEx guidance is $275 million for the year, unchanged from prior guidance. I would now like to turn the call back over to Eric.
Eric Green: Thanks, Bernard. As you have heard today, 2025 is off to a solid start. We look forward to building on this momentum as we move throughout the year. Our team is steadfast in meeting the expectations to drive our growth. To that end, today we have increased our adjusted diluted EPS guidance for 2025. You can expect us to continue to capitalize on our competitive strengths and make decisions that improve our overall margin. We are laser focused on returns on invested capital and we'll have more to share in the coming quarters. Over the past few months, we were fortunate to have the opportunity to speak with many shareholders and our analysts. There seems to be a general consensus among those we spoke with on the challenges and opportunities here at West. We are committed to delivering on those goals and objectives. Lastly, I would like to thank all the team members at West who contributed to our successful first quarter. Operator, we are ready to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. Please press star 11 on your telephone and wait for your name to be announced. 11 again. In the interest of time, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Please stand by while we compile the Q&A roster. And our first question comes from Paul Knight with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Paul Knight: Thank you. Great quarter, Bernard. Thanks for everything. We'll miss you a lot. The two questions are, at what percent utilization are you assuming in the new site in Dublin, Eric, in your guidance? And then the follow-up is for Bernard, and that is your margin seems to have been a little bit better on the adjusted op margin in 1Q. Is it business mix or are things getting a little improved at delivery devices? Thanks.
Eric Green: Yeah. Thank you, Paul, for the question, and good morning. Yeah. Specifically, in our Dublin site, which is for contract manufacturing, we have initiated ramping up earlier this year and that will continue throughout the year. So the utilization percentage is quite low as we speak, and that's incorporated into our guidance. As we mentioned before on that site, it will handle drug handling, and that will be available towards the end of the year, early next year for launch and commercialization. So low percentage at this point in time, Paul.
Bernard Birkett: Yeah, Paul. On the operating margin, we actually saw better efficiencies within our E and PC business compared to what we had originally forecast. So that was a positive outcome. We also saw an improvement in the margin within contract manufacturing versus the forecast that we had for Q1, so again, very positive there. And then on our SG and A and R and D, the spend was a little bit lighter in Q1 versus what was forecast. We have made some adjustments in those areas to control costs. And then, again, some of that was related to timing, and that's updated in the guidance that we've given. So a lot of positives for us around the cost base, and we just need to maintain that as we go through the year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Larry Solow with CJS Securities. Your line is open.
Larry Solow: Great. Thank you. I echo Paul's comments. Bernard, wish you the best of luck as well. I guess, first question, on the guidance and the Hausaio product mid-single digit growth. Is that purely a function of the timing you mentioned and discussed inventory destocking? Is that primarily a function of that? It does feel like as you run through the year, it sounds like you continue to expect that to track upward. So is there really any other change outside of the timing? I know you mentioned AnnexOne was a little bit better in Q1 or contributions from that, but that sounds like that might tail off. So I'm just trying to get a little more color just around the high-value product outlook.
Bernard Birkett: Yeah. Larry, there's a couple of factors impacting that. One is on pricing. We're seeing pricing come in a little bit lower than we originally anticipated. Not overly material, but we just want to make sure people understand that. So when we report in the next couple of quarters, you'll see it a little bit lower. We also have a constraint situation in one of our facilities where a customer has switched the product that they want to take from us, so it's put a lot of demand into one facility where originally we had that demand spread out across a number of sites. So we do see a constraint here in the short term. So it's more of a short-term supply issue rather than a demand issue. What we are actually seeing is increasing demand, but we have to be able to deliver on that. So when Eric called out timing, that's what that relates to. We do expect in the second half of the year to see a step up in HVP components across all our sites. And again, that's embedded in the guidance.
Larry Solow: Okay. And then just a second question. You mentioned sort of the impact of or the unknown impacts, obviously, of tariffs and geopolitical factors. What about just any thoughts on, with the reduction in government spending going on and lots of headlines on the impact of healthcare, and you mentioned some also on the macroeconomic stuff there in your prepared remarks. Eric, do you see any real significant impact outside of some of the direct tariff impacts, but just on demand or concerns on demand in your business because of some of the sort of government headwinds going on?
Eric Green: Yeah, Larry. It's a very good question. You know, as we talked about tariffs, we feel we have a good view of where we are today based on the current factors. And as you know, that landscape could change. We do have several programs that we are implementing and have implemented to mitigate those expenses, such as passing on some of the cost to our customers. Also a fortunate part of our business is that we created this network of operations across the globe to support more in the region. So regional support, therefore, there's a lot of less cross-border movement of our goods for our customers. While it's not 100% pure, I think this global network that we created, HPP as an example, a couple sites in The US, a couple sites in Europe, one in Singapore, is great leverage to build support for our customers. The other factor is macroeconomics. There are other levers that, you know, keep an eye on. But right now, we don't see that impacting our volume and demand commitments that we are going to fulfill for our customers throughout the year. Not seeing patterns change. In fact, as Bernard talked about a little bit earlier, the one change we're seeing is an increase. We're seeing a visible increase in demand as we go through this year, which is a positive sign, which is consistent with what we talked about in the last quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Justin Bowers with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Justin Bowers: Hi, good morning, everyone. I just wanted to follow-up on the last question related to timing and sourcing. So it sounds like that's related to HVP. Just want to confirm that. And then part two of that would be, with the increase in demand and the timing shift, should we infer that some of that demand spills over into 2026?
Eric Green: Yeah. So you're correct, Justin, that's a very good question. The demand that we're talking about right now, the constraint is in one of our HPP plants that we're working through those constraints as we speak to support our customers. But with the lens that we have today, just want to make sure we call that out. There are a number of initiatives to address that. If and as the demand continues to climb, there might be some that goes into 2026, but we'll keep you updated as we go throughout the year.
Justin Bowers: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up on the tariffs. Is that mostly how much of that impact is from component sourcing versus maybe something that's going cross-border? In terms of, like, a finished good? And then the follow-up to that is, does that all drop through, or is there any, should we just assume, like, the overall tax, like, the effective tax rate? Or is there any, you know, tax offset there?
Bernard Birkett: Sorry, I couldn't actually hear the question very much. Justin, I think I have it. You're asking about tariffs, and you're saying is it in finished goods, or is it in the the sourcing? And it's actually in a little bit of both. And then you're also, I think, asking about the proposed US manufacturing tax rate of 15%. And if that's something that could potentially be an offset. Is that correct?
Justin Bowers: That's right.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. So we have, as we've looked at the tariffs, we've looked at it from multiple different perspectives. One is on components, as John said. The second is on other sourcing where our suppliers would pick up the tariff, but then potentially pass it on to us. So we've embedded estimates of that into our guidance. We're also looking at where we, on the Incoterms, where we ship product to and it's where the importer do we pick up the tariff costs at that point. Again, all of those elements are built into our guide. But based on what we know today, again, it's a very fluid situation, there are various mitigations that we're actually working on at this point to reduce that number over time. But again, we want to see those materialize before we call those out and see what they are. So we're giving you the clearest picture that we have today. You know, and then when we look at any future tax benefits that could come in The US, yes, the tax rate lowers, it is a benefit. But again, have to wait and see how that materializes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Ryskin with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Michael Ryskin: Great. Thanks. Quick follow-up question. I thought you to an earlier question, I think you said that one of the factors was that price in a little bit lower than expected. I wanna make sure I heard that correctly because I think you did 3.4% price contribution in the quarter. The business overall, and that was a little bit more than we thought it would be. So just if you could clarify your comments on price and sort of where it was a little bit better, little bit better.
Bernard Birkett: But Michael, when we look at it for the year and what we expected to be a little bit lighter than originally estimated.
Michael Ryskin: Okay. Okay. But in the quarter, did it come in also later?
Bernard Birkett: The quarter, we were happy about it. It's more of forward-looking.
Michael Ryskin: Okay. Okay. Alright. And then just the other questions that are related to tariffs and your customer behavior. One of the things we're worth thinking about is that some of your customers may be looking to speed up some manufacturing or maybe accelerate some plans to try to get ahead of tariffs on their products, on pharmaceutical products. So that comes in during the year. There's some reports of elevated levels of manufacturing or product shipments in the first quarter. Did you see any of that? Did you see any weird timing of maybe things pulling forward a little bit or customers moving around timing plans for the year? From their perspective?
Eric Green: Yeah. No, Mike. That's a very good question. For us, since most of our transactions are our manufacturing processes are made to order, the answer is no. We didn't see any any changes to the the band profile, and the order cadence that we're seeing throughout the balance of the year. So we're seeing at this point in time, we're not seeing any or any change of behaviors due to these tariffs. And then again, just to reiterate, a lot of our manufacturing sites are not a 100%, but this majority of it is co-located in the geographies where our customers reside or where they want to take shipments. Therefore, that's a net benefit. So we're not seeing a change of behaviors at this point of time. Or they're they're demand profiles of their own products.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Windley with Jefferies. Your line is open.
David Windley: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions, and congrats to both Bernard and Mr. Campbell. Going out and coming in. The first question I have is is around utilization, I guess, or or margin trade-off, so to speak. When I look at your year-over-year comparisons, P&L comparisons, they are surprisingly similar. Revenue, gross margin, operating margin, basically, the EPS difference, you know, comes down to to SBC tax benefit. Differences. And yet within the P&L, I think we know that you know, as you're calling out, very, very high margin FluroTech is is down and low margin self-injection devices is is driving the growth. So you you you have some offsets in there and other otherwise that are helping to mitigate that mix trade-off. And I wondered if you could you know, explore or better elucidate what some of those things are. And and in that, maybe AnnexOne is potentially one of them. And I wondered on that if you could comment what the typical upgrade or or step up in economics is that we should think about when a client, you know, goes through one of these AnnexOne projects and moves forward to a change in their component sourcing? Thank you.
Bernard Birkett: Yeah. David, I'll I'll take that to start with. On AnnexOne, it's not having an overly material impact at the moment. It is growing. As Eric said, the level of interest is, you know, increasing. What we would typically see if we're moving to AnnexOne, you're moving from standard type product margins to a HVP, you know, margin probably a little bit north of our corporate average. So I would say so it it is a pretty significant step up and then that can vary depending on how far customers want to move up that HVP curve. But really, when we've been looking at our business and managing the P&L, as we've been moving into 2025 and you know, looking at the growth challenges that we have been facing and trying to get back to that LRP. There's been a lot of focus on utilization and efficiencies within our manufacturing operations. We're starting to see positivity there. I called it out earlier, I think, when the question was asked about operating margin improvement. That is one of the key drivers. We're also seeing it across our contract manufacturing business. And also looking at our spends within, you know, OpEx, we're seeing, you know, really a lot of control around research and development and SG&A. It's really managing our P&L on an active basis to make sure that we're able at least maintaining the margin this period as we transition back to the LRP.
David Windley: Got it. My follow-up, Eric, is for you. The couple of announcements today from a management standpoint seems like you're in the process of perhaps rebuilding your management team on a broader basis. There was an 8-K about a chief commercial officer departure, I think, some others. So I I wondered if you could comment on where that stands and how you're thinking about, you know, the leadership team that you need to build for the next, say, five years of your company's growth? Thanks.
Eric Green: Yeah, David. Thanks for the question. You know, I've been fortunate to have the ten-year career here at [companyName]. Been to work with some phenomenal people. And and there's been a lot of tenure with the leadership team. And there does come times where individuals have made decisions to do other next steps of their careers. And and for example, Bernard has been a phenomenal partner and has said that many of times. But this is an opportunity at this point to continue to, as as opportunities present themselves, bring new leaders into the organization. So I wouldn't characterize it as a change. I would just say there there is a natural evolution of leadership over long periods of time, and that's what I think that's what you're seeing. But, again, very, very appreciative of the partnerships I've had over the years. And as we move forward, we'll continue to bring leaders in that have seen where we want to go and be part of that journey.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Daniel Markowitz with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Daniel Markowitz: Hey, thank you for taking my questions and congrats on the the quarter. So the first one is on AnnexOne. I think that's a really exciting part of the bull case for investors, and I appreciate all the disclosures there. They're very helpful. There was better performance in 1Q, and this is now the second quarter in a row with double digit percent sequential project growth. Can you discuss the potential upside you could continue to see from AnnexOne over coming quarters and years? And if there are any customer anecdotes that would suggest we could see more upside? Thank you.
Eric Green: Yeah. No. Thank you for the questions. Very good question. I mean, we're we're obviously excited about the prospects of AnnexOne. As you know, it's an element of a a regulatory change that fits well with the thesis of [companyName], particularly on the HVP portfolio. This is what we've been driving for a number of years, and I that's been giving us great confidence of future growth and and margin expansion. That gives us that mix shift effect that we're looking for. You're right. There has been an increase of number of projects that we have taken on since the last call. We anticipate that to continue to grow. I won't articulate the numbers we're targeting. And Bernard was right to call out earlier. It's not a significant number now. So the way I would characterize this is in twofold. One is it is one project isn't always one customer is not just one project. It could be multiple projects. And it also means that it could be large and small. But the general thesis of moving from a lower margin lower ASP to a higher ASP, higher margin because these services and capabilities were performed, providing and leveraging the existing assets we have in place for HVP processing is a perfect fit of the growth algorithm for long-term. And it's not just the one or two-year event or more long-term. And and the second area I'll just comment on is there are, it tends to be more around the pharma and the generic space. Than biologics, as biologics, when they enter into the market, the new molecule, we tend to be already in the mid to high end of our HPP spectrum. So that's how I would kinda characterize it. But it is long-term. Initial traction looks looks strong, in line with our expectations, and the team's very very much focused on executing this initiative for a number of years ahead.
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas DeBourcy with Nephron Research. Your line is open.
Thomas DeBourcy: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the time. So I just had a question first on your transition in contract manufacturing, you know, as CGM revenue rolls off and GLP-1 contracts you build that pipeline. And so I was curious just in terms of the level of demand and your ability to capitalize on that opportunity and actually, you know, fill that that supply that's, I guess, been left open by the previous CGM manufacturing?
Eric Green: Yeah. No. Thank you for the question. And and I would say that since since we've had some discussions the last couple months, we continue to see interest with a number of customers to identify new projects, long-term projects. Remember, the agreements we tend to sign within contract manufacturing are seven plus type years. These are very long contracts with clear sharing of capital deployment between our customers and ourselves as we as we move forward with these business arrangements. We have transitioned more of our focus towards more of the the delivery devices like auto-injectors and pens and and also moving downstream. With drug handling, which will take time, but it has higher margins and lower capital investments. We have engaged with a number of customers and we're excited about the prospects we have in hand. So not not just leverage the space that's gonna be vacant when CGM is moved out but also even future growth. So I I think we're positioned well right now. At 2025, we still have ramp up of NGLP-1s and some more ramp up in Grand Rapids. From a utilization perspective, as I mentioned to Paul's question earlier, in Dublin, we have, we're basically starting early this year of manufacturing commercial product, which will take us throughout the year and then moving into drug handling. And that's pretty typical. Twelve to eighteen months to get to utilization levels that were very comfortable with that is the intended installed capacity. So that gives you kind of a framework where we are with Centimeters. But, yes, a lot of interest with our customers and we we will continue to report out as we get more clarity and and and signed agreements over the next couple quarters.
Thomas DeBourcy: And just as a follow-up question, on SmartDose, I know the second quarter, you mentioned all options on the table. I know SmartDose margins currently are below typical HVP margins. And so in terms of, I guess, your evaluation of options, you know, do you see a pathway for SmartDose to you know, become close to HVP component margins, or, you know, do you just view that maybe as a separate business or would you need a significant increase in the volume in order to have similar margins? That does it for me.
Eric Green: Yeah. No. Thanks for the question. View hasn't changed on SmartDose. We will. There's a two-pronged approach that we have. Our team that's running that business is focused on driving cost out of that production process and they're making good strides. However, it really does require going from a manual two-line process to fully automated. As you can imagine, the yield, the output, productivity, and just the cost structure does change. That will not be validated and commercialized until the end of this year going into early next year. It'll take time to ramp. So that's the first lever and focus that we have for the org, for the team in the organization. While the demand continues to increase, we'll support our customer. And secondly, as discussed the last call, we have been reviewing options on what's the best path forward with this product within our portfolio. We do have a a belief where we should be going. And but at this time, I'm just gonna leave it as that. We're we'll just say that all options on the table to make sure that the best path forward is the best result for our customers. But also for our shareholders and for our team.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Schenkel with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Doug Schenkel: Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. I just want to, I guess, take the opportunity to ask a few follow-ups or or just, you know, maybe do some cleanup. So, you know, following up on the SmartDose question, could you share anything in terms of what are the what's the status of discussions pursuant to getting the price that I think you hoped to get. Essentially, I think you had hoped to turn those incentive payments into, you know, durable pricing that obviously hasn't happened yet. So what's the status of those discussions? I just wanna confirm. There's nothing in guidance for pricing benefits related to SmartDose. So that's the first topic. The second follow-up I want to ask is on tariffs. I just want to confirm there's no pricing or tariff surcharge benefit factored into your new guidance assumptions? And you talked about working towards further mitigation efforts; those, I think, could be amongst those. I just want to make sure those aren't in guidance right now. And then lastly, on operating margin guidance for the year, which I don't think you provided, which is normal, I'm sorry if I missed that. It looks like mathematically, you're targeting around 19%. I want to make sure I'm in the right neighborhood. And if so, you know, then looking ahead, how far away sitting here today are you from getting back to that I think it's 23% LRP target. Thank you.
Bernard Birkett: Well, I'll try and take those in sequence. And so from the SmartDose, we have not embedded anything in our guidance related to price guess at this point. So you know, if there's anything there, that that's upside. So and then on the tariffs, we've given a net figure. There's a lot of mitigation work that we're doing around customers. And looking at passing through some of those tariff charges again not embedded in the guidance at this point until we actually get agreement on that, so we're not overextending ourselves. We're giving you the clearest picture we can. And again, as you'll appreciate, it's a moving target at the moment given what's happening. So, essentially, we're trying to be relatively conservative around the tariff approach. Operating margin, we typically don't guide, but I don't think you're a million miles away based on the assumption that you've made. And then getting back to the higher operating margin, I think you called out 23%. For us to get back to that margin, we need to be at LRP, and we would typically be targeting a similar mix profile compared to what we experienced, I would think. You know, nearly part of destocking in the 2023 time frame, and that would get us back to that margin. So it's really getting back to LRP, seeing biologics getting back to that double-digit growth rate. That we called out in the past. And obviously, both the AnnexOne and mix shift and GLP-1s. And we are starting to see traction in some of those areas. As we've said, we believe it's going to take some time to transition back to LRP. Not gonna be overnight or a hockey stick. Based on what we see today.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mac Itosh with Stevens. Your line is open.
Mac Itosh: Good morning and thank you for taking my questions. Just a few, but I appreciate the color around 2Q. It seems to be a little bit of outside of what the street was modeling and what I was expecting as well. So maybe can you just discuss what your how the year's progressing as compared to your internal expectations thus far? And yeah, we'll go from there.
Eric Green: Yeah, Mac. Thanks for the question. The year is progressing as we anticipated. The one area that we did call out was around the HPP products, components, and that was really what Bernard discussed earlier around the little bit lightness in the in the price. And, also, we're working through a shift in demand into one particular plant, but that will be it's a near term that we will work through. But in general, we're seeing the trends that we anticipated for the rest of the year. I would say to be clear on biologics, as I mentioned, there's two elements to that. What you're gonna see, especially with the HPP, is is that in the back half of the year, reason why we're calling out strong high single digits on HVP components is because that's when we see the the biologics continue to escalate based on the demand that we're seeing with our customers. And and and then the offset of that a little bit is in the biologic spaces around this smart dose we called out or the incentives that we had in Q2 and Q3 of last year going I mean, I'm sorry. Q3 and Q4. Thank you. Don't re plan to be repeating at the end of this year. So that kinda gives you perspective, but really consistent as we discussed a couple of months ago.
Mac Itosh: Got it. And given the cost associated with the restructuring, it appears you may have already accounted for this, and the investments in R&D and SG&A with the with the original guidance, but is it fair to assume these costs will not reoccur? And secondly, what all of the restructuring entail?
Bernard Birkett: Yeah. The costs like, once the costs are out, get the they're not gonna reoccur, and then we have, you know, some various smaller levels of consolidation at some of our sites. Most of that restructuring work is done at this point. And and the cost saving come from that are embedded in the guidance.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Patrick Donnelly with Citi. Your line is open.
Patrick Donnelly: Hey, guys, thanks for taking the questions. Maybe another one on the on the high-value components piece. You know, certainly appreciate that shift in demand to the one plant you talked about. Just curious in terms of the ramp, what are you guys seeing on the order front? Just wondering on the visibility if you're continuing to see the orders improve, destocking lift and just the confidence in that second half ramp given, again, some of the stuff seems temporary. Just wanted to talk through the order trends there.
Eric Green: Yeah, Patrick. Very good question. Good morning. Yes, to both of those elements. Are they destocking where it's consistent what we anticipated throughout the year. Obviously, pharma has subsided. We we're comfortable in the pharma. In the biologics, we commented that a while back, there will be destocking continue the first part of 2025. But as I just mentioned earlier that we'll see a ramp up in the second half and the demand profile based on orders that we're receiving supports that statement. Then generics will persist throughout 2025, but, again, again, no change to what we discussed before on the destocking side. So the order patterns are we're feeling good about the demand. And it's consistent with what we anticipated and guided. That it will be a sequential improvement as we go throughout the year. And then, you know, I'm not gonna give guidance going forward, but it's it's a favorable view that we see today on the order patterns.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe one for Bernard. Just following up on on Doug's question on the pricing. It sounds like you guys are working with customers to pass through some of the pricing the tariff piece. Can you talk about how those conversations are going? And then it doesn't sound like it's embedded in the guide, at least on the revenue side. So what would the impact be if you did pass along some of this pricing? You know, feels like maybe the offset is built into the P&L, but not the revenue. I just want to make sure we're we're understanding that appropriately. Thank you, guys.
Bernard Birkett: And Yeah. The the offsets, there is an additional offset here that we are working on that is not embedded in the P&L today. At this point, given that it's a very fluid situation, I'm not prepared really to give a number on that until we get a clear line of sight as to what that would be and agreement with our customers. What I would say is, you know, based on how we've been able to guide tariffs and assess it, we believe there are mitigation factors on a number of different levels that we can work through over the next number of months to help mitigate some of that number. And on our Q2 call, we'll give you great greater level of clarity around that when we have it ourselves.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matthew Larew with William Blair. Your line is open.
Matthew Larew: Hi, good morning. The first is a follow-up. To your progress on the automated line. Obviously, that's something you've been speaking about and working towards for, the last couple of years. You know, Eric, at this point, you have enough pieces in place that you made enough progress that the time line you've cited that you feel confident won't slip, or are there store sort of additional hurdles remaining that that potentially could put that timeline at risk?
Eric Green: That may ask a question, though. We're we're on schedule in line with the schedule that we communicated. Towards this end of the year, we'll have validation and start moving towards commercialization. So pleased with the progress more, you know, recently, you're right. A couple of years ago, we had some delays, but we are in a good position today as we move towards the schedule for the end of the year.
Matthew Larew: Okay. Thanks. And then the second one is kind of a broader question around GLP and long-term growth. Obviously, as you are emerging from this period of destocking and hopefully getting back to longer-term growth. Relative to perhaps a couple of years ago, GLP is as a percentage of of revenue. And I'm thinking just on the component side, not even factoring in contract manufacturing. It's a bigger piece of the revenue book and you know, maybe eighteen months ago, the consensus would have been that would have been growth accretive. And perhaps with Celily, oral readout and others coming, maybe there's some debate as to whether it might be growth dilutive. So just curious how you're thinking about GLP growth in the future, what you're hearing from from customers, including those that may have molecules delivered both using your products and potentially oral. And then beyond GLPs, thinking more broadly on the on the products and the category you play in, whether you still feel confident in the longer-term growth plan you've outlined?
Eric Green: Yeah. Matt, that's a that's a great question. And I know there's some recent news that stimulate more conversations about oral. But let me step back a moment to simply say the the the benefit that we the position where we are in the right now with our HVP portfolio and how we're able to support multiple a very diverse portfolio of customers very diverse portfolio of which type of molecules we're touching in regards to our primary containment and delivery devices. So it it it while GLP-1s is a is a fast-growing area, we still are excited about other areas of the business too as we continue to see new drug launches. And I'm very pleased the results of the Q1 with the approvals that we've seen and what we're participating on. So to answer your question directly though, in the GLP-1s, you know, we we we have been in discussions with our customers for for a long period of time in regards to oral versus injectables. And our position and I'd rather have our customers talk about how they see the market shifting, but when we modeled our investments, when we modeled our forecast, we took that into consideration of these various inputs of the potential impact of orals. We do still believe the majority of the delivery of GLP-1s in the future will continue to be injectables. However, there will be a space one day in regards to oral. And I would say our customer's in a better position to say that. But, you know, we're positioned well. What's really good about the GLP-1 growth for us is our the assets we put in for COVID are fungible for GLP-1s. We think about HPP processing, the washing, the sterilization, and etcetera. In our HPP plants. We're leveraging existing assets. And again, as I said, we modeled our future growth based on the some assumptions of a a shared market between injectables and oral.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kyle Kruse with UBS. Your line is open.
Kyle Kruse: Hey, thank you for taking the questions. With regards to the updated adjusted EPS guide, if you walk through the FX adjustment, tax benefit, and the tariff headwind, it seems like core APS was increased by an implied, 15. Is that a result of the restructuring efforts? And then secondly, could you talk to, the incremental opportunity you see from drug handling and attempt to size it? Thank you.
Bernard Birkett: On the guidance, it's not specifically all around restructuring. We did see an improvement in efficiencies and profitability across a number of our businesses, our proprietary business, saw improvements in contract manufacturing. So the beat was really operationally driven. And so we passed on a certain amount of that beat, and then there's an element regarding timing on some spending. We, particularly around R&D and SG&A, that we expect to move into future quarters. But really, business performance rather than restructuring.
Eric Green: And Kyle, thank you, Bernard. And I'll address your question in regards to drug handling. You know, it's it's an exciting opportunity for us. It's very early. We do have a few customers in a smaller scale that we're working on adapting the technology and start start that capability. We do have in our Dublin facility, we have a significant portion of that asset will be to support drug handling. It's early for us, but what's exciting about for us at West is just the continuum of downstream, and it just shows you the confidence of our existing customers have with us, not just providing the components or the devices, for their drug molecules, but also now handling some of the drug handling and and then going into the market. So it's early. We'll update you as we go forward. We're excited about the prospect. It's leveraging our competencies. It's leveraging our existing customers, and it's just a continuum of what we do today in the marketplace.
Operator: Thank you. I'm showing no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn it back to John Sweeney for closing remarks.
John Sweeney: Thank you so much for joining us today on the call. An online archive of the broadcast is available on our website at westpharma.com in the Investor Relations section. Additionally, you can access a replay for thirty days following the presentation by using the dial out numbers and the conference IDs provided at the end of the day's earnings release. That concludes the call. Thank you. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-13 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc. Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question and answer session. To ask a question during the session, you will need to press star one one on your telephone. To remove yourself from the queue, you may press star one one again. I would now like to hand the call over to John Sweeney, Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
John Sweeney: Good morning, and welcome to West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc. fourth quarter and full year 2024 earnings conference call. We issued our financial results early this morning and the release has been posted on the investor section of the company's website located at westpharma.com. The call today will review our financial results, provide an update for our business, and present our financial outlook for FY 2025. There's a slide presentation that accompanies today's call, and a copy of the presentation is available on the investor page of West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc.'s website. On slide four is the Safe Harbor statement. Statements made by management on the call and the accompanying presentation contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the US Federal Securities Law. These statements are based on our beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates, and forecasts. The company's future results are influenced by many factors beyond the control of the company. Actual results could differ materially from past results as well as those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements made here. Please refer to today's press release as well as other disclosures made by the company regarding the risks to which it is subject, including our 10-K and 8-K reports. During today's call, management will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures, including organic sales growth, adjusted operating profit, adjusted operating profit margin, and adjusted diluted EPS. Limitations and reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in this morning's earnings release. I'll now turn the call over to our CEO, Eric Green. Please go ahead, Eric.
Eric Green: Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. I would like to begin with some comments on the fiscal year and fourth quarter 2024 followed by Bernard's detailed financial review and 2025 guidance. Then I'll close with some final thoughts on our business outlook. Starting on slide five, looking back at 2024, West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc. executed on several key strategic initiatives. First, we capitalized on opportunities with the fast-growing GLP-1 market and continued our strong win rate on newly approved molecules, particularly in biologics. Second, we made great strides to reduce our manufacturing lead times, in some cases below pre-COVID levels, and we believe that industry-wide destocking is now close to the end as customers are generally returning to more normalized ordering patterns. Third, we returned over $560 million to our shareholders through our share repurchase program during the year. Finally, we made strategic investments in additional HVP capacity, which we expect will drive incremental growth for years to come. Shifting to the fourth quarter on slide six, there were several notable achievements. Results were above our expectations as revenues increased 3.3% on an organic basis, and the quarter marked a return to quarterly revenue growth. Proprietary product organic revenues decreased 4.5% in the fourth quarter. This represents a continued improving trend as proprietary products organic revenues declined year over year in each of the three quarters of 2024, largely driven by destocking. Finally, adjusted operating profit margin was 21.7%, roughly in line with the prior year. Moving to slide seven, West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc.'s proprietary product segment can be broken down into three categories: HBP components, HPP delivery devices, and standard products. I'm pleased to report that HPP components, the most important contributor to West's long-term growth, is starting to show signs of strengthening, and we expect this positive momentum to continue. Our current expectation is that HPP component revenues will grow mid to high single digits in 2025, and we anticipate that we will see a continued mix shift to HPP in 2025 and beyond. A key performance driver is the biologics market. We expect this end market to continue to grow high single digit to low double digits, and we have a consistently strong win rate participating on approximately 90% of new molecules entering this market. Our HBP GLP-1 elastomer business is performing well, and we expect an acceleration in growth due to the continued market expansion of this category. I would note that we have just agreed to terms for a multiyear contract with one of the largest manufacturers for all of their GLP-1 primary packaging elastomer needs. We remain particularly encouraged with the progress from our customers adopting Annex One. For those unfamiliar with the EU, GMP, Annex One, it is the set of regulations that govern manufacturing of sterile drugs in the European Union. Annex One requires companies filling sterile medicines to develop a documented contamination control strategy that assesses risk in their facilities and defines action plans to prevent the contamination of sterile products. Currently, we have over 200 Annex One projects in various stages with our customers. While the regulation went into effect in August of 2023, some customers are early adopters in a shift towards HPP, and we now have additional customers in the pipeline. It generally takes about 18 months for customers to shift from standard to HBP products as they address Annex One. Moving to slide eight, I value delivery devices. The biggest growth driver for this business in 2024 is our wearable on-body injector SmartDose. We are working to optimize our manufacturing process with our new automation line coming on stream later in 2025, which will more than double our SmartDose capacity and drive efficiencies. While we categorize and view SmartDose as an HVP product, we expect that in 2025, it will be margin dilutive. We are taking steps to improve our delivery device economics, and all options are on the table. Moving to standard products, these are the bulk products that we produce across our global manufacturing network. These products tend to be on the lower end of price and margin. The standard components are mainly used by our pharma and generic customers. Turning to slide nine, in contract manufacturing, we have made significant investments to build out our GLP-1 device business. The business is growing strongly and now accounts for approximately 40% of our total contract manufacturing. We anticipate the GLP-1 growth to continue as our investments in Dublin, Ireland, and Grand Rapids, Michigan come online during the year. There are two large continuous glucose monitoring customers that we serve. In both cases, these customers developed next-generation devices. We have made the decision to not participate going forward as our financial thresholds cannot be achieved. One of these customers has started to exit, and the other has let us know of their intention to exit in mid-2026. We are actively pursuing opportunities in segments that more closely align with our margin and capital return requirements. Taking into account all these factors, we expect a return to organic growth driven by the strength of our HPP components business. We have a highly profitable core business that will bridge West through these temporary impacts. We will be taking steps in the coming years to address these areas where we want to improve returns, and we enter 2025 with solid momentum. I'll turn the call over to Bernard. Bernard?
Bernard Birkett: Thank you, Eric, and good morning. I will take you through the drivers impacting sales and margin in the quarter, as well as some balance sheet takeaways. Finally, we will review our first quarter and full year 2025 guidance. First up, Q4, our financial results are summarized on slide ten. We recorded net sales of $748.8 million in the quarter, representing organic sales growth of 3.3%. Looking at slide eleven, proprietary products organic net sales increased by 4.5%. This was a function of generally improving demand and strong sales of delivery devices in the quarter. Fourth quarter revenues included a $25 million benefit on the delivery device incentive. High-value products, which made up approximately 74% of 4Q proprietary product sales, generated mid-single-digit growth led by customer demand for self-injection device platforms. Looking at the performance by market, biologics experienced high single-digit organic net sales growth driven by increases in sales of self-injection device platforms. Pharma saw mid-single-digit organic net sales growth driven by an increase in sales of Westar products and administrative systems. Generics had a mid-single-digit organic net sales decline driven by lower volumes of Fluorotec products. Our contract manufacturing segment declined by low single digits. We recorded $273.6 million in gross profit, and gross profit margin was 36.5%, down 150 basis points year over year. Adjusted operating profit increased to $162.8 million this quarter. An adjusted operating profit margin of 21.7% was consistent with the same period last year. Finally, adjusted diluted EPS declined 0.5% for Q4. The stock-based compensation tax benefit had no impact on EPS compared to the same period last year. Now let's review the drivers in both revenue and profit performance. On slide twelve, we show the contributions to sales growth in the quarter. Sales price increases contributed $39.3 million or 5.4 percentage points. Included in sales price is a $25 million customer incentive associated with achieving volume levels. The pricing benefit was partially offset by a negative mix impact of $15.3 million driven by lower sales volume of HPP components and a higher proportion of lower-margin drug delivery devices. In addition, we faced a foreign currency headwind of approximately $7.2 million in the quarter. Looking at margin performance on slide thirteen, proprietary products' fourth-quarter gross profit margin of 40.8% was 190 basis points lower than the margin achieved in the fourth quarter of 2023. A key driver for the decline was product mix. Contract manufacturing fourth-quarter gross profit margin of 17% was 90 basis points lower than the margin achieved in the fourth quarter of 2023. On slide fourteen, we have listed some key cash flow metrics. Operating cash flow was $653.4 million in 2024, a decline of $123.1 million primarily due to a decline in operating results. In 2024, we spent $377 million on capital expenditures, a 4.1% increase over 2023. We continue to leverage our CapEx to increase our high-value product contract manufacturing capacity. Working capital of approximately $988 million decreased by $277 million from 2023, mainly due to a reduction in our cash balance. Our cash balance at December 31, 2024, was $484.6 million, $369.3 million lower than our December 2023 balance. The decrease in cash is primarily due to $560.9 million of share repurchases and our capital expenditures offset by cash from operations. Turning to guidance, slide fifteen provides a high-level summary. Full-year 2025 net sales guidance is expected to be in a range of $2.875 and $2.905 billion. There is an estimated headwind of $75 million based on current foreign exchange rates. We expect organic sales growth to be approximately 2% to 3%. This guidance assumes acceleration in HBP organic growth, that HBP components margins will expand, driven by biologics, GLP-1, and Annex One. We anticipate organic revenues in our proprietary product segment to increase as the impact of destocking continues to abate. Proprietary products gross margins are expected to be up slightly as compared to the prior year, driven by improving HBP components performance. Contract manufacturing revenue is expected to be up low single digits as compared to FY 2024, as decreased revenue in the continuous glucose monitoring business offsets expected growth in self-injection devices for obesity and diabetes. Contract manufacturing margins are expected to decline 200 basis points year over year in FY 2025 due to lower utilization. Just a note on the ramp-up of our two Centimeters sites. In Dublin, the building is now up and running. Auto-injector production has commenced and will continue to ramp as we move through the third and fourth quarters. Late in 2025 and into 2026, we expect both revenues and margins to benefit from the ramp-up in the pen and drug handling portion of the business. The Grand Rapids expansion is also operational, and we had our first revenues in the third quarter of 2024. These revenues will increase as we achieve scale in mid-2025. Our experience with new installations is that they take up to 18 months to achieve close to full capacity. Moving on to slide sixteen, for 2025, our EPS guidance is now anticipated to be in a range of $6.00 to $6.20. Please note we have several exciting incremental opportunities not incorporated in this guidance, and we will update you on these in 2025 should they materialize. Slide sixteen breaks down the progression from 2024 EPS of $6.75 to the 2025 guidance range. The guidance anticipates that proprietary products revenues, excluding the impact of our drug delivery device 2024 incentive, accelerate with improving margins, adding $0.77 to 2025 EPS. This was more than offset by incentive compensation plus the tax benefit on stock-based compensation, which is not incorporated in our guidance, and the currency headwind total to about $0.77. The drug delivery device incentive headwinds and glucose monitoring transition reduced 2025 EPS by about $0.43. Incremental investments in R&D and SG&A in 2025 are $0.22. In total, these factors get us to our 2025 guidance range of $6.00 to $6.20. For CapEx, we are on a glide path back down to our traditional 6% to 8% of revenues to support our long-range plan. We now anticipate 2025 CapEx of $275 million, down $100 million from 2024. We expect that 2024 will be the peak investment year for our growth initiatives over the next several years. Finally, today we are introducing first-quarter 2025 guidance and anticipated revenues in the range of $680 million to $690 million, which translates into 1% to 2% first-quarter organic revenue growth, and first-quarter 2025 adjusted EPS is expected to be in the range of $1.20 to $1.25. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Eric.
Eric Green: Thank you, Bernard. To summarize on slide seventeen, we are pleased with the strong finish to the year and with the opportunities ahead. I'm confident we will deliver on a successful 2025 for West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc. Our performance in HPP components is encouraging, and we are seeing a return to growth in our proprietary business because of our continued success in biologics, GLP-1s, and the adoption of Annex One. We anticipate that 2025 will be an important year that positions the company for future success. We intend to capitalize on our strengths and continue to address areas that require additional attention. In closing, I would like to thank our team members across the globe for their unwavering dedication as they continue to make a difference in improving patients' lives. With that, operator, we are ready for our first question. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. As a reminder, if you have not already, you may press star one one on your telephone to queue up. Please standby while we compile the Q&A roster. Our first question comes from the line of Michael Ryskin of BofA Global Research. Your question, please, Michael.
Michael Ryskin: Thanks for taking the question, guys. A lot to unpack here. I'm going to askit's going to be one question, but I'm going to ask a big one. So if I just look at the fiscal year 2025 EPS guide, obviously, it's well below expectations. I appreciate the color on the bridge, the progression from 2024 to 2025, the moving pieces. What I want to get at is sort of, like, what's a one-time versus a reset to a new base? So if I look at, you know, R&D, SG&A investments, that's, you know, like that's sort of part of the model. Right? You know, we can debate tax, FX, incentive comp. Is it fair to say that everything outside of the contract manufacturing CGM issue is sort of the new base and that, you know, $6.00 to $6.20 guide is the new model selected we're moving from? And if so, anything additional color you can give us on that contract manufacturing in AirPOCI? I think you just said in the prepared remarks about a 200 bps margin impact. Just sort of what's your outlook for being able to patch that hole, to bring something else in, and to sort of regain some of that EPS out of pocket that you're getting. Thanks.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. Thanks for the question, Michael. So when we look at the guide, a lot of these impacts are, you know, impacting 2025 particularly. If you look at drug delivery devices, that is a mix impact in 2025, but we have a number of initiatives ongoing to, you know, expand the profitability in that business. We're looking at automation, looking at scale. We're looking at more medium-term adding more customers. So we would expect that to improve over time. Now it'll take a little bit of time for us to do that. So, again, we would expect the mix impact to improve. And as the mix improves, you know, over time, EPS also improves with that. And that's what we talked about, I think, towards the back half of last year and the second half really about the mix impact that we were seeing in our business. As Eric called out in his script, there are areas that we are addressing. I look at the growth in HBP, we're seeing, you know, mid to high single growth digit growth in HBP with expanding margins, which is driving our basements are slightly offset in 2025. Again, we would expect that to be corrected. CGM impact on contract manufacturing, you know, again, that's here in the short term. We would expect to replace that business with business that has margins more in line with, you know, with what our return on investment thresholds would be. And again, so over time, we would see that those margins improving.
Michael Ryskin: Okay. I mean, additional color you can provide on the CGM issue. I mean, the way I'm reading it is sort of ait was your decision to walk away from those contracts because of the financial metrics. Just, I mean, given it creates an air pocket, sort of how bad was that given these were existing customers and we know the CGM marketplace is pretty concentrated in just two, maybe three players. So if you've got two customers, doesn't seem like that's something you can replace there. Is that something you can flex to another product line, you know, outside of CGM?
Eric Green: Yeah. Michael, good question. And that's exactly what we're focused on. We've had the ability to support our customers with CGM for the past ten-plus years, in particular, the technologies that were introduced early on in the ramp-up of CGM in the marketplace. So we've had a strong position as new technologies were developed by our customers. We did take the decision based on the economics that just did not meet our financial thresholds. And that decision was not taken lightly. But we wanted to make sure that we preserve the financial construct we believe is appropriate for that business that we provide in our contract manufacturing space. So therefore, we're doing a really well-scheduled ramp down as they can move into the next generation. Through whether they're insourcing some of it. In fact, in many cases, they're insourcing. So that was the decision we made. And that is we will reuselet me just say it clearly though. There is space that would be available, which is being looked at and worked on with other customers to build support future launches and future product portfolios that we'll put into contract manufacturing going forward. So the impact will be in 2025, and we'll move through it. It's offsetting with some of GLP-1 growth and other Centimeters business that we're bringing in.
Michael Ryskin: Alright. Thanks so much. I'll get back in queue.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Larry Solow of CJS Securities. Please go ahead, Larry.
Larry Solow: Great. Good morning, gentlemen. I guess first question, just on the proprietary product side. And again, I know you don't guide to segment, but it sounds like just the general outlook there is positive. And does that scale up as we go through the year or, you know, obviously, I guess Q1's essentially or seasonal, usually a little bit slower. But is there any inventory issues on that continue to wane as we move forward? And then the second part of that question, so it sounds like the core HVP is doing okay, but there will be a little bit of a transition on SmartDose and lower margins. Maybe you can give us a little more color on that side of the equation too.
Eric Green: Thank you, Larry, and thanks for the question. So, no, you're absolutely correct. Let's take a look at proprietary as a whole. The key drivers of that business we'll start with is the HPP components. That has been the thesis of growth for us for a number of years. And we really we still very feel strong about our prospects and the current pipeline that we have in place. What's driving it? Number one, biologics. As we think about our continued strong position in that market, we mentioned that we're still just looking at the past year, past quarter, we still have a very high participation rate of all new launches that have been approved, you know, around 90% plus. And I just want to be clear on that. We do put biologics and biosimilars together because the value proposition to our customers, the economics are the same for us. We are on the top 50 biologics, and we think about the pipeline of biologics that are being developed, it's quite robust. So we feel really good about this space. That growth will continue in the near term of 2025 but well beyond that. The second lever is GLP-1s. And our position in GLP-1s is not just in contract manufacturing, but we have a very strong foothold in the proprietary HVP elastomers, primarily providing plungers for the largest players in this space. We did comment in our prepared remarks that we have secured a long-term contract with one of the customers to provide all of their proprietary elastomer needs in the GLP-1 space. And we are working with another customer to continue to have the majority of their needs going forward. So that is the GLP-1s. And to give you a little context there, it's about mid-single digit from a in 2024, the size of the business against all the proprietary. The third area is the Annex One. And we talked about it, but we're starting to see the instead of talking about the pipeline, actual projects that will turn into revenues in 2025. We're actually quite encouraged. We had an increase of interest in projects we've launched well over 200. More than double digits from the last quarter I mentioned, and roughly around 50% of those projects will turn into some sort of revenues throughout the duration of 2025. We believe that's going to give us about a 100, I'm sorry, yeah, about a 100-150 basis point growth expansion just in that particular area. So HPP components are very strong going forward. You asked about the destocking. It's consistent with what was said on previous quarters. We believe pharmaceutical or pharma customers have normalized. Biologics is becoming more normalized as we where we are today. And then we believe generics will become more normalized throughout the duration of 2025. So consistent with what we have said before, and that's all based on the more consistent ordering patterns of our customers going forward. I do want to touch on SmartDose because you asked about that topic. SmartDose, we have been in a ramp-up mode in 2024. We onboarded the Phoenix site in the later part of the first half of 2024. As you know, it takes time to get to full efficiencies of a particular site. It was another expansion of manual processes. So when Bernard talked about we're going to drive automation that's in-house, it will take pretty much 2025. If we can bring it forward, we will. But we will be driving more towards automation, take costs down. We are looking at scale. As the volumes are increasing significantly for us for our customers, and in addition, more midterm, we're looking at new customers. But I will say it is we are looking at the portfolio specifically around this device and determining the best actions forward to ultimately increase shareholder value. So that's our focus on here while maintaining and supporting our customers and their patients. So those are the key topics. I believe I covered the yes. Any other Larry, any other?
Larry Solow: No. That one. That was really good call. I guess just to follow-up on any, you know, anything you can add, just maybe a little tease on where the, you know, the incremental opportunities not included in guidance, any is that just a bunch of different things across the P&L? Is there anything specific you could point to there? Thanks.
Eric Green: Yeah. Larry, I don't want to create a wider range here. I just want to say that I do believe the way we look at our guidance is, you know, business that we have very clear visibility of and very confident that we can execute against. I'm confident in our team. I do believe HVP components is a growth driver for this business. It's showing up very strongly early on in 2025, and we expect that to drive. I mentioned the three areas, biologics, GLP-1s, and Annex One. These are very discrete projects, initiatives that we have our hands around. And then we have to fix the device. This particular one part of that portfolio, and that is a focus of the team, and we need to improve the profitability. And we do not have a lot of time to get that done. So that's the mending. And I expect the teams to over-deliver, but I'll leave it to that.
Bernard Birkett: And just to follow-up on that, Larry, you know, the number of these opportunities, some are more in the short term and then some are medium-term opportunities. And we'll update as we go through the year as to how they're transpiring. But just to put it in context that we have the ability to respond quicker than we probably have in the past based on the capacity we've installed, particularly in our HPP sites over the last number of years. So we have that ability. Our lead times have come down considerably. So, you know, we're in a better position to take advantage of those opportunities when they present themselves.
Larry Solow: Great. I appreciate all that. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Donnelly of Citi. Your line is open, Patrick.
Patrick Donnelly: Hey, guys. Thank you for taking the questions. Maybe another one on the GLP side. Just diving in a little bit there. Can you talk about, you know, the growth you're seeing from that market, particularly proprietary side, and then we did get a decent amount of questions just on the oral side. And there's going to be a few readouts here in a relatively near term. Maybe just frame up how you think about the impact of orals, what that means to the market, and how you guys see that playing out.
Eric Green: Yeah. Patrick, good morning. Thanks for the question. We do believe that from our lens in speaking with our customers that there will be an oral impact in the market. We do believe, however, the majority of the delivery will be injectable. And our models are built around a shared portion of the two. So that's how we kind of look at our investments. We make sure that we safeguard the capital we put in to build support GLP-1s, and particularly around Centimeters, where we have very clear levels of demand or volume requirements. So that need to be take or pay type environments for a number of years. So we're protecting that area. As you know, in the proprietary side, elastomers, a lot of those resources are fungible. But we feel really good about GLP-1s. Right now, as I mentioned, proprietary elastomers are roughly mid-single, from the whole portfolio perspective of proprietary. Centimeters is 40%. If I think about the ramp-up, a lot of the ramp-up has been around Centimeters with our infrastructure expansions, particularly in Grand Rapids and Dublin. More to come as we get the capabilities online. And more exciting is that in Centimeters, we're going to have drug handling capabilities towards the end of 2025, early 2026, which is an expansion of our capabilities, but better margin profile for West. On the proprietary side, that's going to be the fastest growth area in 2025 for us. Actually, it's, you know, think about it two-thirds versus one-third between the two units. And that is in line with our customers' expectations and our position with both of them from a, you know, penetration rate of success, win rate with both customers.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay. Now it's helpful. And then maybe, Bernard, just to build on Mike's question earlier on the margins. Can you just talk about, I guess, the build as we work our way through the year? I'm just trying to think about the right exit rate, the right way to build into 2026. And, again, there's just product mix driven, manufacturing ramp. Just talk about those moving pieces. And, again, maybe the progression as we go through this year would be helpful. Thank you, guys.
Bernard Birkett: Yeah. So based on the guide we put out, Q1 is the most challenged from a margin perspective. We still see a little bit of destocking, particularly impacting generics, maybe a little bit on the biologic side. And as we progress through the year, you know, to get to our guide, we would expect to see improvements on the margin front. And that's coupled with a growth in high-value products, particularly around the containment space and the areas that Eric talked about, GLP-1, Annex One, and biologics, and then, you know, the return to growth of HBP as we progress through the year.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel. Your line is open, Doug.
Doug Schenkel: Hey. Good morning. And thank you for taking my questions. So I think three quick ones. I'll just rattle through them all at once. First, you have three facilities in Mexico. I just want to see, you know, how you're capturing any potential tariff impact in your guidance. So that's one. The second is, I think based on some of the disclosures in the slide deck, it looks like the math would lead us to conclude that GLP-1 is a percentage of sales are about 10%. I just want to make sure that's right. And then the third is you talked about several exciting incremental opportunities not included in guidance. As you talked about things in your prepared remarks, any chance you would be willing to size up how impactful those could be? Thank you.
Eric Green: Yeah. That's excellent, Doug. Thank you. So the first question about Mexico, we do have a relationship with a company in Mexico. It's a 50-year relationship. So, yeah, about close to 50 years. We are the minority stakeholder in that business. So and it's immaterial. The materials that we support them to build to support the local market, but a lot of it's local for local. On the GLP-1s, you're accurate. It's ballpark about 10% with the GLP-1s of the overall business, but in Centimeters, it's, as I mentioned, about 40%, and proprietary is about 5%. The growth of that is mid-single digits. The request for that's very attractive. We will look at a couple basis points expansion from 2024 to 2025. On the GLP-1, I think it's, like, your GLPs and proprietary GLPs are about mid-single digits for total revenue. And then the contract manufacturing GLPs represent about 40% of the contract manufacturing revenues and not our total revenue. If we look at GLPs in total, it's really, like, mid-teens or overall revenues. Obviously, then the economics around those businesses are a little bit different. And what we see most growth, I think, back to Eric's comments, you know, a few minutes ago, is really around the elastomer side, where we're seeing a lot of traction and both well, with the primary GLP-1 provider. The third question around growth opportunities, I mean, obviously, we will continue to focus on expansion within HPP components. If we can help our customer accelerate some of the launches that they have planned. And also some of the regulatory work that we're partnering with them on with Annex One. And obviously, we will respond accordingly with GLP-1 growth. So those we but I think at this point in time, that's probably as much we'll provide on the potential additional growth levers as we think about throughout 2025.
Bernard Birkett: Yeah. We'll update as they, you know, we get closer to them having an impact on our numbers. So it's kind of hard to give you a sense of what they are now.
Doug Schenkel: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Knight of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead, Paul.
Paul Knight: Hi, Eric. You have had a long-term guide of our construct of a 7% to 9% organic growth. As we leave 2025 with, you know, capacity additions in place and the GLP-1 elastomer business in place, what do you feel about that 7% to 9% construct?
Eric Green: I believe hi, Paul. Good morning. I believe long-term, if you think about the 7% to 9% that build very strong that we will be able to return to those type of top-line performance metrics. And particularly, I think in 2025, we'll see ourselves transition into that direction. And to your point, the key thesis of the growth is going to be around HVP components and proprietary. And so their early signs for 2025 are very strong. It's not one particular area. It's multiple areas. Multiple customers, multiple drugs, and categories in the marketplace. So we feel that we're getting to a more normalized environment which will allow us to get back to that growth algorithm that we had historically.
Paul Knight: And then maybe I think Bernard, you were commenting on the Dublin GLP-1 new site. You're expecting what utilization in maybe your excuse me, 2025. Is it at half of capacity for the year? What's your kind of view on what it's going to be producing relative to potential revenue?
Bernard Birkett: Yeah. Yeah. Paul, I think where it becomes more material is in the back half of the year. We're at the early stages of ramping at the moment, and, you know, as we get into the back half of the year, we started to see the ramp in around particularly around the auto-injector element of the business. And then we get into the later part of 2025 and into early 2026, that's when we would see drug handling coming on board. So it does take time. We've seen Grand Rapids starting to ramp. At a start as, you know, as we got through the back end of 2024, and we'll see that continuing to 2025. It's doubling I we won't really see a lot from that facility, I think, for the first half of this year.
Paul Knight: And your last question, it would be you've signed the drug handling. Does this mean you're doing complete component assembly? It's not fill finish, is it?
Bernard Birkett: No. It's not fill finish. It's final drug packaging. So but we're not doing fill finish.
Paul Knight: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Larew of William Blair and Company. Please go ahead, Matthew.
Matthew Larew: I'm going to start on the device side. Obviously, that's been a big theme of the last couple of years is been investment in that space, and I know you've been excited about the future there. You referenced that today some of the challenges you've had in terms of financial profile as well as converting to an automated line. Eric, you use the word maximizing shareholder value as you think about options, which, you know, sounds like I guess the question is, is there an existential question as to whether that should be a core competency of the company long term or more about Carter operational decisions that would need to be made in the near term to maximize profitability.
Eric Green: Yeah. Matthew, there's two points to that. One is more near-term what we have in our hands, the ability to produce consistently high-quality product for our customers as we scale because the demand is increasing. And be flawless in the execution of the automation. So we can go from a manual to an automated fully automated process which will drive efficiencies. And there's other operational excellence, you know, drivers that we're going to we are focused on in that area to deliver on. As we scale, we'll get better economics. But beyond that, we do have to just continue to pressure test what's the future look like for that device, that particular device? Because the drug delivery device for us is beyond just one product. We do have a pretty attractive portfolio around admin systems. We do have what we call self-dose and also our crystal xenophiles. So if you think about the drug delivery device area, this particular product is one that we're really focused on right now to determine what is the long-term best option for West.
Matthew Larew: Okay. Understood. And then just on the multi-year contract, GLP contract you mentioned. Could you frame what year like, how that participation rate and duration of contract would compare to your prior just we have a sense for what really is incremental there.
Eric Green: Well, in that particular case, we were on and have historically been on all the provide all the elastomer components for our customer. And so what this does, it secures that position for multiple years. We have not articulated exactly the duration, but it is quite lengthy. And so it is in a drastic departure of our and as you know, it takes a long time to build that rapport of credibility in that supply chain. So we feel really comfortable it was a natural progression of our relationship just to secure it. And ensure that we're both aligned on future expectations. That we can help them and support one another and make sure that they can, you know, support their end patients at the end of the day with the drug launches. So it is long in duration. We haven't articulated exactly the number of years, but it is very long. And it is a continuation of our participation, which is majority basically, all their needs in that market. And that with that customer, I think, Matt, it's also very important to you know, it supports the growth in the GLP-1 market and feeds into the long-term construct that we talked about is one of the key drivers there. Now we've ring-fenced that. And so it was very important for us to get that done. And again, so it's really supporting tasks. Growth around HBP over the long term.
Matthew Larew: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Justin Bowers of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead, Justin.
Justin Bowers: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Just a couple clarifications here to kick it off. Eric, on the 100 basis points of growth expansion from Annex One, is that referring to 2025 specifically, or is that sort of like a longer-term contribution? And then on the device part of the business, you said that, you know, there's a mandate there. And is that related to the contract manufacturing side of the business or also and prop products as well.
Eric Green: Yeah. No. Thanks for the question. The 100 basis points that reference the 100 to 150 is really 2025. So these are projects that we were sharing with you last year and just want to get visibility that now they're converting into actual revenues for 2025. It takes about 14 to 18 months to do the transition, sometimes a little bit longer with our customers. And so that's why I wanted to dimension it enough to realize that it is starting becoming impactful. For us, near term. And we do believe that there's long-term trajectory on this, but we really haven't framed that as we speak. But it's been contemplated in our long-term growth algorithm for high-value products. On the device side, that is specifically my comment was specifically around the proprietary devices. And to be very clear, it's around our SmartDose platform.
Justin Bowers: Okay. And then follow-up to that with the in the prepared remarks, you talked about price and incentive headwinds. And you called out $44 million in the second half of 2024. Is that ring-fenced there or is there more to that? And then, you know, unreliably, you know, HVP mid-single-digit back in mid-single-digit growth in this year, and then biologics, high single to low double. Is there any anticipated, you know, restock there or are those, you know, back to run rate levels?
Eric Green: I'll start with the last one first, if you don't mind. We believe that it's more of a natural back to the growth algorithm than we expect with biologics and HCP, as we progress through 2025. So we don't see this as a restock since we do believe it becomes more normalized. As you know that once you're on the molecule, you tend to be on it for the duration of that drug in the market. And so it's really trying to harmonize with their supply chain needs going forward. On the first question on the I believe you mentioned the $44 cents on EPS. Not all of it is related to the device, but the majority is. So a good portion of it is. A little some of it the smaller portion is related to the transition that we're seeing of on a CGM business transitioning out this year and then also towards the tail end of next year. So that the impact but we'll obviously use that asset, those that those location to fill with new contracts new customers that meet our financial construct. So that's kind of how you would look at that $44 cent headwind this year.
Justin Bowers: Thanks for all the questions. I'll jump back in queue.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of David Windley of Jefferies. Your line is open, David.
David Windley: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I have a few. I hope I can squeeze them in. So the first one kind of on the last, on Justin's question, I believe that your messaging in the second half of last year as you were seeing the ramp of your on-body wearable production and supply to the one key client that you were ramping was that you hoped to get some of this incentive fee value kind of converted into base price. I gather from the guidance that you're giving around this that you didn't my math suggests that the incentive fee would have been worth $0.46 or so. And so I'm wondering, can you be a little more specific? Did you get some of it baked into base price, but not all? Or how does that play out, if you don't mind?
Eric Green: Yeah. The way I would respond to that David, well, first of all, good morning, is that the incentives are out see the base of the price that we have established so far in 2025. So I won't dimension any further, but it is the incentives in the latter part of 2024. As we ramped, did exceed the going forward pricing.
Bernard Birkett: Understood. But also down tied to that. David, we're also seeing better production efficiencies and yield on that line. So we're improving on the cost side as well as price. So when we're looking at how do we improve the economics around this device, it's looking at it from both a price perspective and also from a cost perspective. So we're working a couple of different areas on that. So that gets us to that $0.33.
David Windley: Got it. I probably should have started with this one so as not to jump around. But the investments in SG&A and R&D, what are those specifically? And maybe talk to the timing of those. Like, why do those need to be made now?
Eric Green: Yeah. So in the R&D area, specifically, the largest incremental is to build out and be prepared for the launch at the end of this year or early next year of our integrated system. So this is the for human use, prefilled syringe system that we have been working on with our customers. And we actually did launch not for human use, prefilled systems with borosilicate earlier this year. The reception receptivity was very high. The engagement of customers was very strong. And therefore, we felt really comfortable continuing the plan path that we were on to execute and make sure we hit the timetables that we've established a couple of years ago with this product launch. It's new. It's early. But the adoption is quite exciting. And more to come as we get to that point. But that is probably the largest incremental piece of our R&D from last year to this year.
Bernard Birkett: Clearly.
David Windley: Okay. And on the SG&A side?
Bernard Birkett: Yeah. On the SG&A side, Dave, a lot of the incremental cost there is the annualization of costs that were being added as we were getting towards or getting through 2024. So when they get fully annualized, we have a little bit of a step up there. And there's some, you know, your normal merit increases. We're not adding any additional resources from an SG&A perspective. So there are really costs that are carrying through, and then your annual merit increase.
David Windley: Got it. Okay. So then coming back a little bit bringing the device question back in, and this is a little bit of Mallory's question. So if I I believe covered the company for a long time. I think the Tech Group acquisition dating back to the 2000s, in fact, is the basis of your kind of foundation of your contract manufacturing business. And I believe the strategic import of that for you is to have the capability to parlay, so to speak, into some of the injection molded proprietary devices like the on-body that you're bringing to market. So I guess it's, you know, it gets back to not useful the existential question. That the contract manufacturing business is proving to be lumpy. You're moving now to CGM, but into what is now going to be a very high client concentration in the contract manufacturing business. And I can understand where you would want to tolerate that for the contribution that could make on the proprietary product side, but the on-body wearable devices margins are just not attractive enough to justify pursuing that doesn't seem. And so I guess I come back to is that pursuit worth it, I guess, is the basic question. Because if I understand correctly, based on your answer on the on-body wearable, those margins are probably the lowest in your portfolio at something like 10%. So sorry for the very direct question, but just really wanting to understand why this makes strategic sense to continue to pursue given the margins, the lumpiness, and the CapEx requirement? Thanks.
Eric Green: Yeah. David, as we look at it, separate the two on the on-body wearable. For the proprietary side, that technology is making an impact. But the economics on the scale-up has not met our expectations. And so, therefore, we have to, as Bernard mentioned, we are driving ways to improve efficiencies through operational excellence, through automation, and through scale. However, to your question, we are looking at all options right now about the fit of this part of the portfolio long term. On the contract manufacturing side, while some of the skills and resources come out of that group to build support, the build-up of that portfolio a while back, it is still independent and it actually does support us when we think about diversifying our top line. Also allows us to have a larger, more robust relationship with some of the largest drug companies because they're used there's we're looking to West to support them both on the contract manufacturer side and also on the proprietary side. So on a collective basis, that does position us very well in our conversations, in our customer engagements with some of the largest drug companies across the globe. So while they do have different economics, CMD does have different economics too. To our proprietary. We expect those investments to have robust returns for that business. And when they don't, we have to make those decisions like we did with CGM. So I do believe for diversification for top line, but same customer segment and spirit of being really focused on inject medicines, we are positioned well strategically at this point with both of the businesses.
David Windley: Got it. I appreciate your patience on the question. Thank you for the elimination.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Jacob Johnson of Stephens Inc. Your question, please, Jacob.
Jacob Johnson: Hey. Thanks. Good morning. Maybe sticking with Dave's strategic question and following up on a comment you just made there, Eric. On contract manufacturing, seems like a bit of shift in strategy for this segment. Historically, kind of a lower margin, lower growth business. Seems you're now going after higher growth, higher return projects that maybe are more synergistic with proprietary products. Was this kind of a deliberate change in strategy that happened at some point, or is this just opportunistic given what's going on in the GLP-1 market and maybe related to that. Historically, this has been a low single-digit grower. Could it be something more than that as we look out over a multiyear period?
Eric Green: Yeah. No. Excellent question. I'd see two things here. One is in the contract manufacturing space. We think with our position, you're probably looking at mid-single-digit type growth plus or minus for long term. And you are correct. Our focus has been, and we started shifting towards conversations with customers to go a little bit further downstream. We start to think about drug device assembly and packaging, which is a higher value capability. And we're proving it out while it's early stage. As we talked about, Bernard gave details about the Dublin expansion where we expect to be online with the drug handling. These are active conversations we're having with existing customers that have asked us to do manufacturing and assembly of their devices. But now can you bring the drug delivery into the equation? So yes, to answer your question, we're looking at shifting this business to be more differentiated and actually bring incremental value to West as a whole and still while leveraging the global relation of what we have is large drug companies from an enterprise perspective.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the call back to John Sweeney for closing remarks. Sir?
John Sweeney: Thank you very much for joining us today on the call. An online archive of the broadcast is available on our website at westpharma.com in the Investors section. Additionally, you may access a replay for 30 days following the presentation by using the dial-in numbers and conference ID provided at the end of the date earnings release. That concludes the call. Thank you, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-24 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Q3 2024 West Pharmaceutical Services Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, John Sweeney, VP of Investor Relations with West Pharmaceuticals. Please go ahead.
John Sweeney: Good morning. And welcome to West's second quarter 2024 conference call. We issued our financial results earlier this morning, and the release has been posted to the Investors section on the company's website located at westpharma.com. On the call today, we will review our financial results, provide an update on our business, and present an updated financial outlook for the full-year 2024. There is a slide presentation that accompanies today's call and a copy of the presentation is available on the Investors' section of our website. On slide 4 is our Safe Harbor statements. Statements made by management on this call and the accompanying presentation contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the US Federal Securities Laws. These statements are based on our beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. The company's future results are influenced by many factors beyond the control of the company. Actual results could differ materially from past results as well as those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements made here. Please refer to today's press release as well as any other disclosures made by the company regarding the risks to which it is subject, including our 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports. During today's call, management will make reference to our non-GAAP financial measures, including organic sales growth, adjusted operating profit, adjusted operating profit margin, and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in this morning's earnings release. I'll now turn the call over to our CEO, Eric Green. Eric?
Eric Green: Thank you, John. And good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Prior to discussing our quarterly performance, I would like to take a moment to express our heartfelt thoughts and support to all our team members and communities affected by the recent hurricanes and weather-related issues. For precautionary measures and to ensure the safety of our team members, we closed our Florida manufacturing site ahead of Hurricane Milton. I want to extend my thanks to those team members who were affected by this storm as they truly represent our One West culture. While there was no damage to our St. Pete plant, many of our team members have faced personal challenges. I'm truly proud of their efforts that enabled West to seamlessly serve our customers without disruption. Now let's turn to slide 5 and the Q3 performance. We had a solid third quarter with revenues and adjusted EPS coming in at the higher end of our expectations. Our West team across the globe continues to execute at a high level, motivated by our purpose of improving patient lives. The strong quarter performance was the result of our solid execution and close collaboration with our customers. This allowed us to meet our customers' demand requirements, in some cases, ahead of schedule. As a result of Q3, we are increasing our adjusted EPS guidance for the full year. This reinforces my confidence in West's execution capabilities as we continue to deliver a proven market-led strategy and attractive long-term growth potential. Turning to slide 6, West continues to have a strong position in biologics, the fastest growing segment within injectables, not only for current drugs in the market, but also for new drug launches where our participation rate remains very high. Our HVP components are addressed in the most critical therapeutic areas, including immunology, oncology, rare diseases and obesity. We expect to see some improvement in biologics in Q4, driven by the continued ramp in wearable self-injection devices. A key aspect to our growth strategy and market leadership is West's team of scientific thought leaders and technical experts. Through valuable insights, they continue to address the evolving needs of the complex development process and regulatory requirements to meet the needs of our customers. As a market leader in the containment and delivery of injectable medicines, we continue to have productive dialogues with our customers at key industry conferences. For example, at the recent CPHI Worldwide Conference, our West experts held a podium presentation about contamination control strategy in primary packaging as part of the EU GMP Annex 1. We know that a drug manufacturer's contamination control strategy is only as strong as its weakest link, making the quality and control of materials from third party suppliers critical factors to their process. We remain well positioned with our HPP capabilities to support our customers' pipelines for the future. In addition, we're starting to see early traction with our long-term growth initiatives, particularly with GLP-1s and how we serve our long-standing customers. With our market leadership and proprietary products, and continued strength in contract manufacturing, we are making meaningful investments to drive increased capacity to address these new opportunities. We are also making significant progress in ramping up production of HVP delivery devices. The strong increase with on-body self-injection devices during the quarter was driven by a combination of capital investment, improved utilization and the implementation of a new production line. We anticipate this ramp up to continue into the fourth quarter as we execute on our expansion plans. We have initiatives in place to improve the margin, including optimizing our manufacturing process, driving efficiency through automation, and scaling to fulfill customer demand. Now let me shift to de-stocking as this remains a factor with our customers. We are starting to see signs of stabilization within our business. In recent customer discussions, we have observed a positive shift, with some customers showing interest in increasing their near-term order levels. This gives us confidence that we're getting closer to a turning point in the de-stocking trend. We now expect continued signs of normalization in our pharma business, improving trends in biologics driven by the ramp-up and delivery devices and continued destocking with some generic customers into 2025. Now I'll turn the call over to Bernard. Bernard?
Bernard Birkett: Thank you, Eric. And good morning. Let's review the numbers in more detail. We'll first look at Q3 2024 revenues and profits, where we saw low single-digit decline in organic sales, as well as declines in operating profits and diluted EPS compared to the third quarter of 2023. I will take you through the drivers impacting sales and margin in the quarter, as well as some balance sheet takeaways. And finally, we will provide an update to our 2024 guidance. First up, Q3. Our financial results are summarized on slide 7 and the reconciliation of non-US GAAP measures are described in slide 16 to 20. We recorded net sales of $746.9 million, representing an organic sales decline of 0.5%. Looking at slide 8, proprietary products organic net sales decreased 0.5% in the quarter. High value products, which met approximately 75% of proprietary product sales in the quarter, declined by low-single digits, primarily due to de-stocking of our FluroTec, Nova brand and Westar products, offset by an increase in sales of our drug delivery devices. Looking at the performance of the market units, the pharma market unit saw a mid-single digit increase, driven by an increase in the sales of Nova brand products and administrative systems. The biologics market experienced a low-single digit decline, primarily driven by de-stocking of FluroTec, NovaPure, and Westar products, offset by an increase in our drug delivery devices. And the generics market unit declined mid-single digits primarily due to lower volumes in Nova brand products. Our contract manufacturing segment revenue on a constant currency basis was consistent with the performance for the third quarter of last year. Our adjusted operating profit margin, 21.5%, was a 270 basis point decrease from the same period last year. Finally, adjusted diluted EPS declined 14.4% for Q3. Excluding stock-based compensation tax benefits, EPS decreased by 10%. Now let's review the drivers in both the revenue and profit performance. On slide 9, we show the contributions to organic sales decline in the quarter. Sales price increases contributed $34.2 million, 4.6 percentage points of growth in the quarter, as did a foreign currency tailwind of approximately $2.9 million. Included in sales price is a $19 million customer incentive associated with achieving volume levels. More than offsetting price and FX was a negative volume and mix impact of $37.6 million, primarily due to lower sales volume caused by customer inventory management decision in the period and a mix shift from HVP components to drug delivery devices based on customer demand. Looking at margin performance, slide 10 shows a consolidated gross profit margin of 35.4% for Q3 2024, down from 38.6% in Q3 2023. Proprietary products third quarter gross profit margin, 39.2%, was 420 basis points lower than the margin achieved in the third quarter of 2023. The key drivers for the decline in proprietary products gross profit margin were lower production volumes in our high margin HVP components and a mix shift to lower margin drug delivery devices, which we expect to increase over time with yield improvements from automation. These margin reductions were partially offset by increased sales price, inclusive of the previously mentioned customer incentives. Contract manufacturing third quarter gross profit margin of 19.9% was 130 basis points greater than the margin achieved in the third quarter of 2023, primarily due to production efficiencies. Now let's look at our balance sheet and review how we've done in terms of generating cash for the business. On slide 11, we have listed some key cash flow metrics. Operating cash flow was $463.3 million for the nine months ended September 2024, a decrease of $74.1 million compared to the same period last year, a 13.8% decrease, primarily due to a decline in operating results. Our third quarter year-to-date capital spending was $272.1 million, $18.8 million higher than same period last year. We continue to leverage our CapEx to increase both our high value product and contract manufacturing capacity. Working capital of approximately $1.034 billion at September 30, 2024 decreased by $230.5 million from December 31, 2023, primarily due to a reduction in our cash balance. Our cash balance at September 30, 2024 of $490.9 million was $363 million lower than our December 2023 balance. The decrease in cash is primarily due to $506.5 million of share repurchases and our capital expenditure is offset by cash from operations. Turning to guidance, slide 12 provides a high-level summary. We are increasing our full year 2024 net sales guidance to a range of $2.875 billion to $2.905 billion from a prior range of $2.87 billion to $2.9 billion, reflecting the impact of foreign exchange. There is an estimated full year 2024 headwind of approximately $1 million based on current foreign exchange rates. We expect an organic sales decline of approximately 1.5 to 2%. We are raising our full year 2024 adjusted diluted EPS guidance to be in a range of $6.55 to $6.75 compared to a prior range of $6.35 to $6.65. Also, our CapEx guidance remains at $375 million, which is unchanged from prior guidance. There are some key elements I want to bring your attention to as you review our guidance. Full year 2024 adjusted diluted EPS guidance range includes an FX headwind of $0.02 compared to the prior year, which is a decrease from the prior guidance of the $0.03 headwind. The updated guidance also includes EPS of $0.26 associated with the first nine months of 2024 tax benefits from stock-based compensation. Our guidance excludes future tax benefits from stock-based compensation. I would now like to turn the call back over to Eric.
Eric Green: Thank you, Bernard. To summarize on slide 13, we had a solid Q3 performance with a high level of execution focused on our purpose. We are the market leader in injectables with an even stronger position in biologics. We are investing in capital in higher growth areas with focus on execution, expanded margins, and cash flow. And I'm confident that once the market demand normalizes, we will achieve our long-term financial construct with a proven market-led strategy and future growth drivers. Operator, we're ready to take questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Jacob Johnson with Stephens.
Jacob Johnson: Congrats on the quarter. I guess just first on the organic growth guidance, you guys obviously had a really strong 3Q, but you did kind of narrow organic growth towards the lower end of the range. I realize we're talking about 25 bps there, but is there anything that got worse versus your prior expectations that you could call out? And then just along the lines of guidance, the $19 million fee you guys called out, was that something that was contemplated in prior guidance or was that a proverbial good guide this quarter?
Bernard Birkett: Jacob, I'll take that. On the second part of the question, yeah, the $19 million was contemplated. It was obviously based on volumes that we had to achieve in agreement with our customer, and we achieved that. So it wasn't a surprise to us. On the guide itself, it's really just rounding the change for Q4. So no real material change. The difference from Q3 to Q4 is really timing on when we delivered on customers' orders and some expectations. So again, no real change to our outlook on the year.
Jacob Johnson: Bernard, maybe sticking with you, I think inter-quarter, you mentioned the potential for your margin profile to return to 2023 levels once you return to LRP growth. Can you just talk about your visibility into getting back to that kind of margin profile and kind of how quickly post de-stocking you can get back to those levels?
Bernard Birkett: It's really down to when demand normalizes and also the mix within our business normalizes. When we get to that point and we get back to our LRP, then the margins adjust back to the 2023 levels. So it's really a mix impact and then that level of demand normalization.
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry Solow with CJS Securities.
Lawrence Solow: I guess first question, just on the quarter itself, obviously, a pretty solid quarter, especially relative to expectations. Was the higher end driven more on the just slower customer de-stocking or was it more on the demand side? Any way to kind of parcel that out? And it does sound like there's a little bit of, I guess, timing maybe was a little bit of a good guy in the quarter too?
Eric Green: No, absolutely. What we observed in Q3 was really a couple factors. One is around execution, continued to deliver on the commitments that we made with our customers. And secondly is that, in a few cases, our customers are  they have accelerated some of their programs and asked us to deliver a little ahead of schedule, but they were contemplated and planned for already within the second half of 2024. So it's really mostly around timing has given us additional growth in Q3.
Lawrence Solow: Eric, I know it's too early to look out to 2025, but it does sound like without putting an actual number on it, it does feel like you guys are perhaps a little more confident that we at least begin that recovery, maybe don't get fully normalized for the full year, but do you feel like as you look out, we could have a relatively normal kind of demand year for you guys or not much inventory destocking at least going forward?
Eric Green: Larry, there's a couple of factors around there. One is the underlying focus of our business is very, very strong, and we continue to participate in very attractive areas and a number of initiatives that are in flight and the traction is very positive. We have been speaking about destocking, particularly in the last quarter, we highlighted what we felt was going to play out in 2024, and that's what's happening. We're seeing it consistent to what we said earlier, which is basically we do believe in our pharma business that has mostly normalized, as we speak, and so you can see that little bit of return to growth in that particular area. We're seeing improving trends in biologics, but we did say that that would be throughout Q3 and a little bit in Q4, so we do see that continue to play out as is. And then we did call out, and we still do, destocking with some generic customers that go into 2025. So, my comment was around certain signs of stabilization with our business because it's consistent to the conversations we're having with our customers today, and there tends to be a little more positive in those conversations, but let's get through Q4 before we even comment about 2025 at this point in time.
Lawrence Solow: Just if I could squeeze one last question, just CapEx plans going forward, does this feel like this is the peak year or could 2025 be sort of similar roughly? Any thoughts on that, Bernard?
Bernard Birkett: I think, again, we'll give guidance on CapEx for 2025 in February, but it is something that we are looking at based on the demand that we're seeing and where the capacity increases that we need to add. We'll continue to add where we see growth, and we'll continue to review those programs. But over the next, I would say, 12, 24 months, we'll be looking to get back to a more normalized level of CapEx, and that's the trend that we're starting to see, Larry.
Operator: And our next question comes from Paul Knight with KeyBanc.
Eric Green: The comment about wearable injection devices, does that mean Phoenix line is built and producing, and then kind of the follow-up is, could we get an update on Grand Rapids, Michigan, and the Dublin facility as well?
Eric Green: Twofold. The first one on SmartDose, particularly our Phoenix facility, you're correct, that ramp-up started in Q3, where we did receive FDA approval for commercial manufacturing into the market, and we're really excited about that new team that has been put together and just the level of capability of the ramp-up. They are meeting expectations, and I'm really proud of that team to really go from a brand-new facility and now producing high-quality products going to the market. So I'm very pleased. As you know, a lot of these startups and these ramp-ups do take time, so it's going to be  it's going to take several quarters to get to what I call peak throughput, but the initial results are very, very positive. In regards to the facility's investments in Grand Rapids and Dublin, these are two contract manufacturing facilities that are really focused on the  to build, support our customers and GLP-1s. On Grand Rapids, Michigan, that is still ramping up, as we speak. We are producing commercial product, but it is still in ramp-up phase. As you know, that takes probably a good three to five quarters to really get to the levels that we expect and what our customers expect as throughput. On Dublin, it's a little bit longer. This is kind of a two-stage approach. The first is the manufacturing of the devices for contract manufacturing, again, GLP-1s. And that will commence shortly, probably early 2025. And as that ramps up, we're also adding in that facility, already communicated before, but just to reiterate the drug handling. So we'll be taking a finished drug product contained and put it with the device that we're going to manufacture there, so it's a complete solution for our customer. We're really excited about that because that's playing out our high-value product or high-value focus on contract manufacturing, adding services and capabilities that really help us expand not just revenue, but also margin in that particular business. So there are different timelines. They're on us right now. Teams are executing as planned, and I'm excited to see full production in the near future from both sides.
Bernard Birkett: Just to also on the Phoenix site, that's in two phases. What we've added currently is another manual semi-automated line, and that's what we're ramping. And then as we progress through 2025, we'll be implementing a fully automated line to drive production efficiencies, greater levels of utilization, and also to meet the customer demand for that product. So that will happen throughout 2025. So we expect to see margin improvements in that product line over the next 6 to 12 months.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Ryskin with Bank of America.
Michael Ryskin: Going back to some of your comments on 3Q benefiting from some timing, meeting some customers ahead of schedule, just curious if you can dig into that. Was it one or two large orders, or was it a little bit broader in terms of the timing benefit? Was it in more of the pharma customer where you talked about destocking normalizing or in biologics? Now that you've completed those orders and you deliver them in 3Q, are there others behind them to fall into queue in terms of backlog? Is there other work behind that to backfill?
Eric Green: The work that we did with our customers is somewhat broad. I won't isolate it to one or two customers, and it was primarily in the areas of biologics and pharma. And so, there's specific reasons behind it, but these are obviously requests we already had in our production plans, our schedules to be able to support our customers on these specific products, but they were brought forward to meet their needs and their demand. Now, obviously, we won't comment into 2025, but as we think about for the rest of the year, as our customers continue to replenish their orders, we will obviously be ready to respond if orders do come in later this quarter in Q4 for those particular customers. But as we speak right now, that's the reason why you see  we call out a little bit earlier delivery of those particular products into Q3 versus Q4.
Michael Ryskin: And quick follow-up on the  you talked through the changes on the top line for the guide. For EPS, I think you raised the midpoint by $0.15, but $0.05 cents of that  $0.04 was incremental stock-based comp, $0.01 was FX. The $0.10 that's operational, is that driven by the mix, the one-time benefit, the $19 million you saw in the third quarter? Just talk us through the $0.10 there.
Bernard Birkett: It's driven by a number of things. Mix was part of this. Our operating margin was a little bit stronger than we would have initially anticipated. And so, it's really managing mix and also managing costs within our business on an ongoing basis to drive that margin improvement and improvement in EPS. Not just one thing.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Windley with Jefferies.
David Windley: At the risk of asking a simple question, I noted, I guess, first, you've used the Nova brand in commentary today. And I know you also talked about that at a conference in the quarter, but I think that's the first time we had heard that. And I noted that in your comments today, you did also use NovaPure, so they seem to be distinctly different or maybe parts of the same broad category. Could you talk about what Nova brand is, what it includes, how new is it, and how is it that it is the source of growth in some and the source of headwind in others?
Eric Green: That's a good question. So, Nova brand encompasses the quality design principles of our highest quality product. One is NovaPure, which is the laminated version with FluroTec, and then the non-laminated version is NovaChoice. And what you'll find is NovaPure is highly adapted in the  it's called in the biologics area, and NovaChoice tends to be more adopted in the pharmaceutical area that doesn't require the coating. And so that's the nomenclature of the products. Now, NovaChoice, it depends on the segment. So as you know, NovaPure is  again, as I mentioned, really well-adapted in the biologics, and that's where we had some destocking occur throughout 2024. We called that out in Q3. We anticipate a little bit going into Q4. In the NovaChoice, that is one of the key solutions in the GLP-1s for us to support our customers. And so, as you can imagine, the ramp-up that we're starting to see in the GLP-1s, we're able to support them with their high participation rate of really NovaChoice and also Westar RU that we provide our customers in that area. So that's how it's defined between the two.
David Windley: If I could ask, I'm going to squeeze two follow-ups. So just on what you just answered, is the NovaChoice pricing similar to NovaPure? And then secondly, Eric, on your comments about participation rate remaining very high, which you've been very consistent about, would you be willing to talk about what you think your wallet share is? I believe your definition of participation rate is your specced-in on the product. How does that look in terms of sole versus dual source or otherwise in the participation rate? So price on NovaChoice and then wallet share, please.
Eric Green: On NovaChoice, it's between $0.15 to $0.30 per unit on ASP, 50% to 60% margin. To give you kind of perspective, so the key differentiator, again, is the barrier code of of FluroTec between that and NovaPure, which, technically  from a user need basis is quite a significant difference between barrier and non-barrier. And in regards to participation rate, you're right. We do look at are we specced-in in the filings of our customer, the drug companies of our product. And there is a few cases where you do see dual sourcing. But what we are seeing and we continue to see is that we  in these particular examples, we are very high as far as the percentage on the drug molecule. And that hasn't changed. If you're talking about a particular area like GLP-1, we're really the key player in that space from a volume perspective. And that's pretty consistent as we look at biologics in other areas. Yes, there is some testing for dual sourcing capabilities, but that's more for  it's not as frequent and it's more on new launches, not on existing molecules in the marketplace.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Larew with William Blair.
Matthew Larew: I wanted to ask about contract manufacturing. I'm not sure what the text is. It's a very specific question. The contract manufacturing, gross margins there were up nearly 400 basis points sequentially. You've referenced obviously scaling capacity in Dublin and Grand Rapids and also adding new capabilities with higher revenue margin potential. Most of the story over the last, call it, five, seven years has been margin expansion on the proprietary product side. I'm just wondering if you could maybe  using this quarter as a window into what the potential is for contract manufacturing moving forward.
Bernard Birkett: Matt, I think if you're looking out over the next 12 to 24 months, we see a slight uptake on the contract manufacturing as kind of drug handling. Business comes on board because that is a very different margin profile for current contract manufacturing business. But for us to scale that is going to take a little bit of time. I would anticipate the margins around contract manufacturing to be relatively consistent with what they are now. We get a little bit of variability between quarters depending on product mix and the level of kind of DA or engineering work that's involved. So it's pretty consistent within the high teens. So it's more of a longer term where we would see a significant step up in the margins within CM.
Matthew Larew: As a follow up, again, a number of times today called out GLP as an offset to some of the destocking, your strong share in that space. Yeah, it's sometimes hard from the outside to compare the cadence of benefit to you versus what we might see from some of the drug companies themselves in terms of their sales reporting. Could you basically give me sort of a state of the union as to where you see  to the size of your business today to the extent you can quantify that and also any updated thoughts on go forward growth and market opportunity?
Eric Green: Just to clarify, we're specifically focused on the GLP-1s. I just want to make sure I heard that correctly, correct?
Matthew Larew: Correct. Correct.
Eric Green: Sorry, I just wanted to make sure I heard it correctly. Yeah, no, absolutely. So we will not talk about the demands of our customers. I would refer to them on the future demand of the GLP-1s in the market. But if we take a look at how we are positioned, the agreements are in place and where we play, we play in two areas, one in proprietary, which is the elastomers and seals, and then the other area is contract manufacturing. Let me just touch on contract manufacturing quickly, then I'll move back to proprietary. In that area, we do participate, as I mentioned earlier, around, for example, the investments in Grand Rapids and also in Dublin to manufacture and assemble the auto injectors and pens. So we do participate in that. But that is, as you can tell, it's highly competitive. We're selective on what projects or initiatives we want to take on because it's heavily capital intensive. And so, we're participating in that area and it does support us with our large customers, but it's very selective. On the proprietary side, and that growth, by the way, will be dependent on end patient consumption, so whether it's a pen or auto injector. On the proprietary side, if it's a vial configuration, we're obviously there with our stoppers. We have been, we will continue to be. And then if it is in a pen or an auto injector, we do provide the plungers and also insulin sheeting if needed on their configuration. And that is very high as far as the volumes that we are producing going forward. We have forecasts. We really haven't done that. We haven't really called that out as a specific area, but it is starting to pick up with the investments we put in. If we look forward, what we need to do to be able to support that growth, the capital that we require, a lot of it's already installed, which is very positive. We do need, over time, based on the forecast that we are working with our customers on, is looking at maybe some more HVP finishing, similar to what we put in Kinston. We're putting into Jersey Shore and also in Eschweiler. But it's really the finishing area that we are looking at, as you know, that's fungible to other types of customers like biologics around HVP. So that's kind of where the investment thesis will be if and when needed. But, fortunately, we have  because of our investments over the last few years, really supports the growth in this particular area going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Bowers with DB.
Justin Bowers: Eric, can you maybe at a high level just talk about what inning you think we're in with respect to the destocking? Amongst the different components, are you closer to the finish line versus others like, let's say, standard versus NovaPure versus FluroTec? And then part two would be just around the margins. You've had some pretty high decrementals this year. As volumes begin to normalize, is there any reason why you wouldn't have greater incrementals on the way back up and maybe above construct?
Eric Green: Justin, let me take the first part and then Bernard, if you don't mind, on the second part. In regards to kind of where we are with the destocking area, I think the way that we've consistently communicating is that it's not equal across the entire customer portfolio and or product portfolio. By the way, the product portfolio is really driven by the market segments. And so, we've been pretty clear that, in the pharma area, the small molecule, we've seen that more normalized recently. So we feel if you want to look at from the spectrum, it's closer to the end, let's say. And we're starting to see more normalization of order patterns and future outlook. We look at the biologics, it is very clear with our customer conversations. If you take the drug delivery devices off the table from a discretion point of view, the [indiscernible] products used for containment, that particular area, we continue to see destocking in Q3. And as we mentioned, we'll see a little bit more in Q4. We do see that getting closer to the end. But let's go through our Q4. And as we think about our order book going forward, we'll update you in the first part of the year about 2025. Biologics, so we've been pretty consistent that, particularly a few customers, that we believe that while there's some positive conversations about future demand, we do believe that's going to continue into the first part of 2025. So that's how we look at it from a de-stocking point of view. I didn't give you an aggregate total on that, but it is mixed based on the customer segments. And it's pretty consistent, it's playing out as we started to communicate, let's call it, the last quarterly call. And we'll keep an eye on that and make sure that we deliver and then in the year we'll reassess as we think about going forward. So the margin conversation, Bernard, can you?
Bernard Birkett: On the margin, what we would expect is when demand normalizes and our mix normalizes, that we would get back to our 2023 levels of operating margin and then through the long term construct, grow 100 basis points per year off that. When we look at what's occurred this year in 2024, much of the de-stocking we've seen within biologics and generics, and that's where typically we would tend to see more HV product sales. And obviously, then the margin impact has been greater than what we would have seen prior to that when we saw de-stocking within pharma. If you go back and look at our margin expansion over 2021 and into 2022, a lot of that was driven by HVP growth and that mix shift. So that shows you the power of the construct we have. And when that biologics engine starts growing again and gets back to normalized levels of growth, we would expect to see that margin start to expand. And first thing is we need to get back to like pre-2024 levels of margin and then start growing off that. We're confident that will happen over time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas DeBourcy with Nephron Research.
Thomas DeBourcy: I just had a question around, I guess, generalized customer behavior in terms of orders. I guess through kind of others, the bioprocessing market, they've seen the pharma customers placing smaller orders more frequently versus maybe the typical cadence that they have been in place. I'm wondering if you've seen a change in how customers are also ordering or if you expect to go back?
John Sweeney: Tom, I apologize. We're having a little trouble hearing your question. Would it be possible just to maybe move a little closer to the microphone or speak up, please?
Thomas DeBourcy: My question was, I guess, around specifically kind of customer orders in a more general way. We've heard from some companies of bioprocessing supply chain that customers are doing smaller orders more frequently versus, I guess, their typical kind of cadence. I was wondering if you had seen any changes at all there or whether you expected to kind of go back to historical kind of timing and cadence there?
Eric Green: When we look at an order pattern right now with our customers, it's more in line with the pre-COVID time period. I think it is different than during the pandemic period of time and also the last, call it, end of 2023 going into 2024. And there's two drivers to that. One, as I think you're pointing out, is starting to get to more normalized or stabilized environment. But secondly, as you recall, during the pandemic time, our lead times were significantly higher because of the demand on not just the core business, but also on the materials used for the pandemic. When I say that, I am very proud of the team and how they have with the invested capital, with the capacity we have online with multiple sites, particularly on the high-value products, we're able to build support our customers in a much more timely fashion, if not equal or better than we did pre-pandemic. And give you an idea that's like 8 to 12 weeks to make the order. It is highly customized. And during the pandemic, we're reaching 40 to 50 weeks. So it is a significant difference. So I just want to highlight that because there's two factors of why we're seeing order patterns change. One from the market, pharmaceutical supply chain effect, and the other one was really our lead times and customers are much more comfortable today. And confident in our ability to deliver their product from multiple sites on time each and every time that they requested. So hopefully I addressed your question, but we are seeing a change.
Operator: I'm showing no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn it back to John Sweeney for closing remarks.
John Sweeney : Well, thank you for all for joining us today on the conference call. An online archive of the broadcast will be available on our website at WestPharma.com in the Investors section. Additionally, you may access a replay for 30 days following this presentation by using the dial-in numbers and conference ID provided at the end of today's earnings release. That concludes the call. Thank you very much and have a good day. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-25 09:00:00) =====
John Sweeney: Good morning, and welcome to West's Second Quarter 2024 Conference Call. By way of introduction, this is John Sweeney, the new Head of Investor Relations at West. I'm delighted to be here and I look forward to working with all of you. We issued our financial results earlier this morning, and the release has been posted to the Investors section on the company's website located at westpharma.com. On the call today, we will review our financial results, provide an update on our business, and present an updated financial outlook for the full-year 2024. There is a slide presentation that accompanies today's call and a copy of the presentation is available on the Investors' section of our website. On Slide 4 is our Safe-Harbor statements. Statements made by management on this call and the accompanying presentation contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Federal Securities Laws. These statements are based on our beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. The company's future results are influenced by many factors beyond the control of the company. Actual results could differ materially from past results as well as those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements made here. Please refer to today's press release as well as any other disclosures made by the company regarding the risks to which it is subject, including our 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports. During today's call, management will make reference to our non-GAAP financial measures, including organic sales growth, adjusted operating profit, adjusted operating profit margin, and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in this morning's earnings release. I'll now turn the call over to our CEO, Eric Green.
Eric Green: Thank you, John, and welcome to West. And I would like to thank Quintin Lai for his partnership over the past eight years and for his many contributions at West. We will start on Slide 5, where I will cover three main topics: First, examine the drivers of Q2 performance; Second, discuss our revised outlook for the remainder of 2024, and; Third, provide insights on our long-term financial outlook and why we remain confident in our growth strategy. Let's begin with Q2 performance. We had a lower-than-expected second-quarter impacted by continued customer destocking. That being said, we are seeing promising signs from our customers that give us confidence of a turning point in this trend. Looking ahead, we expect the second half of the year to be stronger than the first half with a return to year-over-year organic growth in the fourth quarter, led by our proprietary products segment, specifically Biologics. We have adjusted our full year 2024 guidance to reflect a more gradual recovery as compared to our previous expectations. While I'm disappointed that we are lowering our guidance, I want to reiterate my confidence in West's proven market-led strategy and attractive long-term growth potential. Turning to Slide 6. We are the market leader in containment and delivery of injectable medicines, which is one of the fastest growing areas of healthcare. We have even stronger position in Biologics, which is the fastest growing segment with injectables. Our products are addressed in the most critical therapeutic areas, including immunology, oncology, rare diseases and obesity. And for the past five years, West has achieved a CAGR of double-digit organic revenue growth demonstrating that we have been able to deliver our long-term financial construct of 7% to 9%. Moving to Slide 7. Our confidence in our medium to long-term trajectory is underscored by our ongoing capital expansion projects. The investments we have made to address COVID are now being repurposed to drive increased capacity to address new opportunities. In addition, we have expansion plans focused on HVP products that provide a combination of increased manufacturing capacity and higher level of global standardization through our network. And for Biologics, GLP-1s and changing global regulatory requirements, we are seeing increased customer interest for higher quality, lower particulate, and more standardized solutions. This favorably positions West's innovations and leading products such as Westar Select and NovaPure. Another focus for our capital allocation is our HVP devices, which includes our self-injection devices. Our platforms are an integral part of our customers' drug device combination products that are making a difference to patients. These expansion projects remain on-target for the back-half of the year and 2025. And lastly, before Contract Manufacturing, we have an exciting growth contribution from our new capacity at our Grand Rapids site. A few weeks ago, I had the opportunity to join our team as we open this new portion of the state-of-the-art facility in support of our customers Injection Device platform and producing product in Q4. And we have the ongoing expansion in Dublin, which is already dedicated to contracted demand for components associated with drugs for diabetes and obesity. We expect it to be completed by the end of Q3. Our promising growth drivers have us positioned to drive significant value for our customers, the patients and shareholders as we move forward. Shifting to Slide 8. At the end of June, we published our 2023 Sustainability Report on the company website. Proudly, we received several accolades, including being named as one of the America's Most Responsible Companies by Newsweek. Now, I'll turn the call over to Bernard. Bernard?
Bernard Birkett: Thank you, Eric, and good morning. Let's review the numbers in more detail. We'll first look at Q2 2024 revenues and profits, where we saw a mid-single-digit decline in organic sales as well as declines in operating profit and diluted EPS compared to the second quarter of 2023, given the current market dynamics. I will take you through the drivers impacting sales and margin in the quarter as well as some balance sheet takeaways. And finally, we will provide an update to our 2024 guidance. First up, Q2. Our financial results are summarized on Slide 9, and the reconciliation of non- U.S. GAAP measures are described in Slides 17 to 22. We recorded net sales of $702.1 million, representing an organic sales decline of 5.9%. Looking at Slide 10, proprietary products' organic net sales decreased 8.4% in the quarter as customers destocking continued at a higher rate than anticipated. High value products, which made up approximately 71% of proprietary product sales in the quarter declined by double-digits, primarily due to decreased sales of our Westar, Daikyo Crystal Zenith and FluroTec products. Looking at the performance of the market units, the Biologics market experienced a mid-single-digit decline, primarily driven by lower volumes of Daikyo Crystal Zenith and Westar products. The pharma market units saw a low single-digit decline, primarily due to a reduction in sales of admin systems and Westar products, while the generics market unit declined double-digits, primarily due to lower volumes of our FluroTec and Westar products. Despite these revenue declines in the quarter, we do expect revenues in the second half of 2024 to be greater than the first half. Our Contract Manufacturing segment experienced mid-single-digit net sales growth in the second quarter, led by growth in sales of components associated with injection-related devices. Our adjusted operating profit margin of 18% was a 650 basis point decrease from the same period last year. Finally, adjusted diluted EPS declined 28% for Q2. Excluding stock-based compensation tax benefit, EPS decreased by 28.4%. Now, let's review the drivers in both our revenue and profit performance. On Slide 11, we show the contributions to organic sales decline in the quarter. Sales price increase has contributed $21 million or 2.8 percentage points of growth in the quarter. More than offsetting price was a negative volume and impact mix of $65.5 million, primarily due to lower sales volume caused by customer inventory management decisions in the period and a foreign currency headwind of approximately $6.1 million. Looking at margin performance, Slide 12 shows our consolidated gross profit margin of 32.8% for Q2 2024, down from 38.7% in Q2 2023. Proprietary products' second quarter gross profit margin of 37% was 690 basis points lower than the margin achieved in the second quarter of 2023. The key drivers for the decline in the proprietary products' gross profit margin were lower production volume due to the reduced customer demand in the period and an unfavorable mix of products sold, partially offset by increased sales prices. Contract Manufacturing second quarter gross profit margin of 16.2% was 80 basis points greater than the margin achieved in the second quarter of 2023, primarily due to increased sales prices. Now, let's look at our balance sheet and review how we've done in terms of generating cash for the business. On Slide 13, operating cash flow was $283.2 million for the six months ended June 2024, a decrease of $24.1 million compared to the same period last year, or a 7.8% decrease, primarily due to a decline in operating results, offset by favorable working capital management. Our second quarter 2024 year-to-date capital spending was $190.8 million, $33.3 million higher than the same period last year. We continue to leverage our CapEx to increase both our high-value product and our contract manufacturing capacity. Working capital of approximately $849.3 million at June 30, 2024 decreased by $415.3 million from December 31, 2023, primarily due to a reduction in our cash balance. Our cash balance at June 30, 2024 of $446.2 million was $407.7 million lower than our December 2023 balance. The decrease in cash is primarily due to $454.1 million of share repurchases and our capital expenditures offset by cash from operations. Turning to guidance, Slide 14 provides a high-level summary. We are updating our full-year 2024 net sales guidance to a range of $2.87 billion to $2.9 billion from a prior range of $3.0 billion to $3.025 billion. There is an estimated full-year 2024 headwind of approximately $5 million based on current foreign-exchange rates. We expect organic sales to decline approximately 1% to 2% compared to our prior guidance of 2% to 3% growth. We are updating our full-year 2024 adjusted diluted EPS guidance to be in a range of $6.35 to $6.65 compared to a prior range of $7.63 to $7.88. Also, our CapEx guidance is expected to be $375 million for the year, which is an increase from the previous guidance of $350 million. The increase in CapEx is driven by additional investments in growth initiatives and the timing of spend on one of our major projects. There are some key elements I want to bring your attention to as you review our guidance. Full-year 2024 adjusted diluted EPS guidance range includes an estimated FX headwind of approximately $0.03 based on current foreign currency exchange rates, which is a decrease from the prior guidance of $0.04. The updated guidance also includes EPS of $0.22 associated with first half 2024 tax benefits from stock-based compensation. Our guidance excludes future tax benefits from stock-based compensation. I would now like to turn the call back over to Eric.
Eric Green: Thank you, Bernard. To summarize on Slide 15, we are the market leader in injectables with an even stronger position in Biologics. We are seeing promising signs from our customers that destocking is at a turning point. We are investing significant capital in higher growth areas with expanded margins and cash-flow, and I'm confident that we'll achieve our long-term financial construct with our proven market-led strategy and future growth drivers. With great pride, we will continue to live by our purpose, and make a positive impact on patient lives. Shannon, we're ready to take questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Paul Knight with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Paul Knight: Hi, Eric. I have two questions. Number one, in this destocking environment, is it things related to COVID, or is it, you know, broader than that like injectable drugs, et cetera, if you could kind of give color on that. And then lastly, these new expansion specifically cited in Kinston and Grand Rapids, do they contribute to revenue here in 2024, and therefore your improved 2H?
Eric Green: Yes. Thank you, Paul. The destocking -- the activity that we are seeing is actually a combination of both. Obviously, we're still seeing a little bit of destocking in the COVID vaccines. But also during the pandemic, there was several of our customers when we are having discussions with them were increasing their safety stock levels significantly to from several months to because our lead times got a little bit longer. Now that we've installed the capacity, we are -- our service levels are at an all-time high for our customers, and we're able to respond quickly, they are now taking down those safety stock levels. So, it is a combination of both, but it is also allowing our customers to normalize their safety stock for our products in the market. Our belief, and speaking with our customers, the end patient demand on the molecules still remains in-line as what we expected. Our -- the market shift is not occurring, is consistent, as we've been speaking for the last several years. And our win rates in new molecule approvals continues to be as good, if not in some cases, better than what we had in the past. So I feel really good where we are moving forward. In regards to our investments, two particular areas in Contract Manufacturing will be online in second half of this year. That's in Grand Rapids, Michigan and also in Dublin, Ireland. And then in regards to proprietary, yes, we have additional benefits coming from Kinston and other expansions in our HVP plants towards the end of this year.
Paul Knight: Thank you.
Eric Green: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Larry Solow with CJS Securities. Your line is now open.
Larry Solow: Great. Thank you, and good morning, and welcome, John to the company. I guess, Eric, just a couple of questions. It sounds like the demand environment or mid to long-term environment hasn't changed at all. I'm just curious on the destocking and inventory levels, how is your visibility on with that. Are levels like back to where they were pre-COVID or maybe even lower? What gives you kind of confidence that customers aren't maybe this goes even a little bit longer than thought. We keep kind of moving that to the right a little bit. You sound pretty confident that you have a good hold on it, what kind of gives you that confidence?
Eric Green: Yes, Larry, there's two-fold there. One is, in the beginning of the year, after having discussions with our customers, we had an indication that the return will be a little bit sooner than we anticipate. What I mean by that is, a little more pronounced back to normalized demand curves in the second half of this year. As we progress through Q2, we started seeing the intra-quarter demand slightly less than we anticipated, and we see that persisting a little bit into Q3. So we do see sequential improvements over the next couple of quarters, and as I mentioned, returning back to growth in Q4. And that is really our customers are gradually going back to where they were pre-COVID. So, we don't see any variations below or any variation slightly above. It's just pretty much consistent when a customer tells us what they're targeting, i.e., 12 months or nine months or 16 months. I will tell you though, every customer that we're speaking to has a different algorithm that they manage to. So, it's not universal from one customer to the next. And as we go through the different segments, whether it's generics, biologics or small-molecule pharma, they're also in different stages of this -- of the destocking.
Larry Solow: Okay. And in terms of the CapEx, obviously, a little bit of an increase I guess, to me, it certainly signals your confidence, although you mentioned a little bit of timing there. But as we -- if we look out over the next few years, do you expect to still kind of spend this $350 million to $400 million in investment? Is that something that you still have a several year runway to continue?
Eric Green: Let me start and I'll turn it over to Bernard because that's important -- it's a good question, Larry. Our investments more recently have been I mean, obviously, during the COVID pandemic, it was focused on HVP, particularly around stoppers and finishing of those HVP products to be able to support the vaccine growth. We're able to pivot that as -- those assets as we speak right now to continue to produce other HVP products for our customers. These additional investments we've been layering in really is to really support, I would say, three specific areas. The continuation of the biologics growth and our participation in that area is extremely high. So, we went ahead of the curve, so these investments we've been making is really more in the finishing process. And when you go into Kinston, Jersey Shore, Eschweiler, Waterford, that's what you'll see. Secondly is, we are a significant player in the GLP, and from two angles, one on the proprietary elastomer side, which we've always had a very strong foothold and we continue to do so on all commercial drugs. And frankly, there are several that are in the pipeline that are being in development by several customers and we're participating in that arena also. But also in Contract Manufacturing, where we are producing and will produce even more auto-injectors and pens, that in some cases doing some of the filling at the end of the process for our customers. So, it's -- that's the second area is around the GLP-1s. And the third area, which really kind of ties us to the Biologics also is that a more -- there's more demand in the future talking to our customers about some of these regulatory changes that we're working through with them on moving all standard material more up the HVP curve. So, those are the three areas that we really focused our capital. Now the long-term, I want Bernard to touch on that because that's a good question. How long will those persist?
Bernard Birkett: Yes, Larry, just two things on that. One on the increase in CapEx for this year, really the major driver behind that is a business that we've been awarded from customers for our Dublin facility, and where they actually want us to put the capacity in place sooner than originally anticipated. So, we pulled some of that CapEx that we had earmarked for '25 into '24 to meet those requirements. When we look at the longer-term, we're really targeting about 6% to 8% of revenue. So getting back to pre-COVID levels of CapEx for our business. And you know, but that again, if and that's based on the demand that we're seeing today, and how we're going to meet it. If that demand increases or goes beyond that, and particularly around finishing capacity is the areas where we see that could potentially happen, then we would deploy more capital, but it will be very growth-focused if that was the case, and always around or predominantly around HVP.
Larry Solow: Got it. And the 6% to 8%, Bernard, the CapEx of revenue. Does that kind of support your sort of 7% to 9% targeted growth outlook, not this year, maybe I don't know if it begins next year, but certainly a multi-year sort of 7%, has that changed at all that 7% to 9%, or should -- just to rephrase it.
Bernard Birkett: No, the 6% to 8% would support that level of growth. And as we say, if we go beyond that, and then it depends on what areas and where the growth comes from, we always have the ability to go and adjust that. And, but again, the CapEx remains very growth-focused. And I think we're getting to like 60% to 70% of our CapEx budget is really growth-focused at this point and predominantly around HVP and then some, as Eric said in Contract Manufacturing but that's for very specific customers and very specific businesses.
Larry Solow: Got it. And sitting here today, I know it's a -- there's no guarantees it's hard, but do you feel comfortable that you can return to sort of that 7% to 9% growth in end '25?
Eric Green: I won't be able to pinpoint exactly which quarter over the next few quarters, but we will get back to that 7% to 9% construct. Like I said earlier, our position in the marketplace, the areas of growth that we're focused on is Biologics and some -- and across the entire portfolio, what's outsized that growth is biologics, GLP-1s and some of the work we're doing for our customers whilst moving up the HVP curve. So yes, we feel confident we will be back to that 7% to 9% construct.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. And if you think -- I remember, within the construct, Larry, there's three drivers in there. One is volume, the other is price, and then you've got mix-shift. So you've got three drivers supporting that construct over the long-term. And if you look back over the CAGR between 2019 and as to where we're guiding today, you know that, that's about 10% growth, right? So, that construct is underpinned by those three drivers. And then if you look at the areas that Eric just called out that support that thesis, particularly around the mix shift, you're looking at the change in regulatory landscape GLP or high-level of participation around biologics and then demand normalization, plus we have the infrastructure and capacity in place now to be able to respond in the required lead times by customers to be able to support that growth over the next number of years.
Larry Solow: Got it. Great. I appreciate the color. Thank you guys.
Eric Green: Thanks Bernard.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Justin Bowers with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Eric Green: Hi, Justin.
Justin Bowers: Hi, good morning and thank you. So, just a couple of questions. How is the coverage ratio shaping up? And how has that changed throughout the year? And then, the other question would be, just in terms of the destocking, I think earlier in the year, you mentioned that it was skewing heavier towards standard components versus like HVPs. I'm just curious if that's still what you're seeing.
Bernard Birkett: I'll take the second part and then I'll hand that --
Eric Green: I'll take the coverage ratio.
Bernard Birkett: Eric, will take the coverage.
Eric Green: Yes, absolutely. So Justin, so, thanks for the questions. The coverage ratio is getting stronger. So there's two aspects we look at is firm, confirmed orders scheduled out and we're seeing that increase nicely, not just on a percent ratio perspective, but on absolute dollar for both Q4 of this year and also going into the early part of 2025. So that's one aspect. And therefore, as that kind of increases the intra-quarter demand profile is actually is less of a factor in the growth of the business. And so, we're seeing that come back a little bit slower than we originally anticipated in the middle part of this year as we were articulating back in February, I believe. And so, that's why hence why we changed the guidance. But when we look out to Q4 and into 2025, we're seeing very strong indication with confirmed orders, and our discussions where customers are lining up exactly to that conclusion when we look at their destocking programs and when they feel they'll be at a level that they feel is acceptable. So, it's lining up nice. You want to touch on the destocking?
Bernard Birkett: Yes. So on the destocking, Justin, when we look at that, we have been seeing that in our Biologics segment and in Generics, that's where we saw the biggest impacts here in the second quarter. And you know that's really where as we were going through COVID, that's where we saw the most pressure also around lead times where customers really had to manage their supply chains. And that's where we believe the safety stock built over time. So that's why we are seeing destocking in those areas right now, and -- to a larger extent versus comparing this to our other market units. And you can see that play through then on the impact on our gross margin and operating margin is that that's impacting our mix. So we're having, one, volume impact because of that, but we're also having a mix impact. And I think what we saw in COVID and what we would see when we return to normalized growth rates and in seeing that gross margin and operating margin expand in line with our long-term constructs and potentially beyond that. So that's, I think that's where we -- when we look at it, we're looking at it from a revenue perspective, but also looking at an impact on margin, and saying how do we get back to the margins that we're used to delivering on? And when we see those biologics and generic market start to normalize, we'll see the revenue rebound and also from a margin perspective, we'd see that also.
Justin Bowers: Understood. And then maybe just one quick follow-up in terms of your improved throughput. Do you have a sense from your -- or conversation with customers, are they now trying to manage inventory levels in line with your lead times or -- just trying to get a sense of change in ordering patterns and where that might normalize?
Eric Green: Yes, Justin, exactly that's the point. We're unfortunately during the pandemic due to the demand that was put on our business, our lead times did go up to anywhere between 30 weeks to 50 weeks. And with the consistency now in the last several quarters of, call it, 8 to 12 weeks, sometimes earlier, sometimes a little bit longer depending on the processing, our customers are realigning their reordering patterns based on those lead times. And we're seeing that clearly. So, as they built inventories during the longer lead time periods and during the supply chain constraints during the pandemic, and across the whole industry, we're seeing that also coming down, but also the realigning. So what you'll see a pattern of more frequency instead of one large bolus is more paced throughout the next three or four quarters, which by the way is also very effective for our operations. So it aligns real well with where we want to be long-term.
Justin Bowers: Got it. Appreciate the questions.
Eric Green: Thank you, Justin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Avantika Dhabaria with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Mike Ryskin: Hi this is Mike Ryskin from BoA. Just want to go back and just touch on the destock one more time because that's where we're getting the most debate. I mean, I appreciate all your comments about coverage ratio and conversations with your customers, but you also had similar comments after 4Q and 1Q earlier this year. So, it just seems like the situation does evolve and the conversations with customers do evolve, as well as to the guide for 3Q and 4Q, it seems like there's a little bit of a step up implied in 3Q and a pretty sizable step up in 4Q just to get to the fiscal year numbers. So, why not take an even more conservative guide at this point in the cycle? I mean, it just seems like there's still some risk that the destock could evolve one more time. So, just would love to get your thoughts on that as you progress through the year. And then, tied to that, I'll throw in my second question right away. It has to do with the margins and the EPS outlook. Is there any incremental cost cuts that are assumed in 4Q -- 3Q or 4Q to get to the EPS number? Obviously, volume de-leverage has a big impact on gross margins, but just wondering what's implied there as you go through the year. Thanks.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. So, what we are seeing is that, for Q3, we don't see any major step up continue in the way we're -- we've been going. Some sequential improvement, as Eric mentioned, and the -- then a step up into Q4. And that step up in Q4 is really driven by the customer segments within biologics and a reasonable improvement in generics. But the main driver is around the biologics market, and that's what we're seeing, and that's the information we're getting from our customers. And that informs the basis of our guide at this point. And as Eric said, then there are metrics around that which are giving us confidence that, that will actually materialize. And then on the EPS, we have been managing our cost base pretty tightly, as you know, we're very operationally focused, and we've been managing the variable costs across our plants. As we have been going through 2024, one thing that we have to be cognizant of with cost management is that when we're expecting to get back to growth, we need to make sure that we have the right resources and capabilities in place to be able to support that growth so we don't derail it. So we're managing that pretty tightly. Other than that, there are -- we're not making any significant cost cuts, but we are -- I would think -- I would say we're using appropriate cost management to manage through the de-stocking period, although it has extended a little bit longer than we originally anticipated. But also, we have to be prepared for returning to growth to make sure that we're able to support our customers with that. Hopefully that helps.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Larew with William Blair & Company. Your line is now open.
Matt Larew: Hi, good morning. I just want to go back again to what exactly happened in your quarter from a de-stocking perspective. If I go back to the initial outlook from the Q4 call where you had incorporated about 200 basis points to 300 basis points of the cut from the Q3 call last fall from de-stocking, but mentioned that 75% of de-stocking was from six customers. Obviously, the first quarter results themselves actually were positive relative to the outlook you'd provided and you maintained the guide for the year. So, now having 400 basis points, 500 basis points come out of the organic guide with about four months left -- four months, five months left in the year is -- the magnitude is pretty large. So just -- was it -- going back to conversations specifically with that group of big customers, was it something that historically if you use the term broadened and worsened, did things broaden and worsen further? Was there one or two pockets of customers or product categories? Just trying to understand what happened from mid-April to the end of June in terms of the big change here.
Bernard Birkett: Yes, Matt, I'll start off and then, if Eric, if you want to add. What we did see as we were progressing through Q2 and the level of intra-quarter orders that we would have anticipated to materialize in that period of time, it wasn't at the rate that we would have expected it to be. So -- And then there was some timing with customers moving some orders out late in the quarter would have -- has impacted us. And then it's -- as we've looked at the balance of the year, and as we've rolled through the end of June and practically through July, what we're seeing in Q3 is that orders that we would have anticipated materializing for the period and even some for Q4, they just weren't coming through. And when we assessed what was happening there, it's still really related to levels of de-stocking. So it's gone longer than we would have originally anticipated. And that is essentially the main driver. And what we -- when we had looked at it originally, our coverage rate for Q3 and Q4 was pretty much in line with or a little bit ahead of pre-COVID levels. But what hasn't happened then is filling in between the actual orders confirmed and the forecast that we had, that hasn't accelerated in the way that we would have anticipated that, that would take place. And so when we did the assessments, we felt that we have to be transparent and do the right thing and take the guide down, and do it with the right level where we don't want to be in the position where we're cutting and cutting and cutting. So hence the reason why the drop in the guide is pretty significant. It's not something we want to do, but it's reality that we're dealing with today. I think the good thing and the positive for us is that it's actually returning to growth in Q4. So, it's really pushed it out a quarter. And again, Q4 isn't as strong as we would have originally anticipated. So we've taken that down as well.
Eric Green: And I'll just add to this. Thanks Bernard. And -- so it became more of a gradual recovery, I believe, in what we're seeing versus a more pronounced Q3 recovery. And that's actually one of the drivers of why, based on the customer conversations, it's a still similar group of customers across multiple segments. Yes, there's some of the larger ones we highlighted earlier in the year that they're actually going through the process and then getting closer to the end of that process. But as we look through with these discussions, we look at where they are in their process, where we are with our able to produce products in a very short period of lead times, we are confident moving back to a long-term construct. And that will, it's going to take a little more time than we anticipated, but as it indicated in the guidance that we gave, we're getting closer to that in Q4. And we believe that will carry on going forward. So yes, Matt, that's a very clear statement we made earlier this year about being more acute, but it's taking a little bit longer to work out than we anticipated in the industry.
Matt Larew: Okay, understood. And I think having observed this in the bioprocessing industry over the last 18 months, fully appreciate that it's challenging to understand customers' pace of inventory work down. And at times, maybe there is competing incentives in terms of them wanting you to have capacity available for demand that they may or may not give you in the next quarter or two. So, in light of that, you referenced now understanding that customers are managing to, you're now more normalized to reduce lead times. As part of those conversations, do you feel like you have a better understanding of how much inventory is sitting out there? And when you kind of combine those two observations, does that give you conviction specifically, not in the back half of the year, but specifically in the third quarter? And how did you incorporate perhaps the, better understanding of where customers are at into the way you're just thinking about this back half guide?
Eric Green: Yes, Matt, the clarity of more recent conversations than the beginning of the year gives us that conviction of where we're going in the near term. And moving up to, when I talk about the mid to long term, getting back to that growth algorithm we've been accustomed to and we expect based on our market position and what we see ahead of us. But yes, we're -- the clarity of where they want to land with the safety stock and the confidence they have in our ability to deliver and meet those service levels that we expect and our customers expect, and we're able to do that today with the capacity we have online. And that's the reason why we continue to fuel the capital so that as the growth continues to occur in 2025 and beyond, is that we're well-positioned versus getting behind the curve, which would happen during the pandemic. So, we have much more visibility today and better clarity. And we're firm on making sure that we are going to be delivering what we said we're going to deliver.
Matt Larew: Okay. Understood. Thank you.
Eric Green: Thank you, Matt.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jacob Johnson with Stephens. Your line is now open.
Jacob Johnson: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Maybe just to go back to the EPS guidance, you're pointing to kind of down 1% to 2% organic growth this year. And I think it would seem to apply probably like 300 bps to 400 bps of operating margin contraction, which is kind of greater decremental margins than the long-term algo would suggest. Can you just flesh that out a bit more, some of that capacity additions, et cetera? And then I think I heard Bernard mention earlier, perhaps as revenues recover, maybe we could see something better than 100 bps of margin expansion. Can you just talk about the incremental margins as we return to growth in 4Q and beyond?
Bernard Birkett: Yes. So, the major impacts on margin that we've seen here in Q2 is really driven by volume and then mix. And for a high volume manufacturing operation, any decrease in volume like that is going to have a significant impact. And where we're seeing it, Jacob, is really in HVP. So, the drop is in biologics and generics. And so, we're getting this kind of outsized impact on margin, where if you look back at take the COVID years when we were getting a large amount of expansion in HVP and growth in that area, we were getting outsized margin expansion, well beyond our 100 basis points. So, essentially what we're seeing now is the reverse of that. So, when things normalize and we start to see growth again and getting back into our long-term construct, that volume growth will be driven within HVP. And then also that aligns with the mixed shift as well improving where our HVP was in the kind of mid-70s as a percent of proprietary revenues. And today, we're saying it's about 71%. And that's the type of impact it has on our business. So, when we're returning to growth, we would expect to see that margin recover pretty much, pretty quickly and in line with that growth, particularly around biologics and the generic space. And then --
Jacob Johnson: Thanks for that, Bernard. Sorry.
Bernard Birkett: It's all in gross margin. The OpEx was pretty tight.
Jacob Johnson: Got it. Makes sense. And then maybe just on the stopper vial side of things, you guys referenced the capacity you brought on during COVID and repositioning that now for non-COVID applications. Can you, one, talk about the timeline for kind of transitioning that capacity to non-COVID demand? And I guess, two, the other concern I think a peer of yours referenced the other day is that you weren't the only one who brought on capacity during COVID and lead times are shorter and they suggested that customers are going below pre-pandemic inventory levels. And I think investors may be worried that this could be structural for some time. Can you just talk about that dynamic as well? Thanks.
Eric Green: Jacob, I'll take that. So, first of all, on repurposing the assets, that's done. So, we're able to leverage not just for like NovaPure stoppers, but also use the processing for plungers as an example or other types of SKUs in the HVP portfolio. So, the team has done a great job to get those assets ready to go and they're ready to go. And so, as demand comes in, we're ready to respond accordingly. In regards to what our customers are telling us in regards to where they want to stay with their safety stock, because of where we are in the supply chain, and if you think about the economics of our product as a percentage of the drug molecule, we don't see that going any further down below pre-pandemic levels. So, we believe it's going to -- for us, I can't speak for others, but for us, with our customers, for the types of products we provide, the lead times that we can provide, and the number of SKUs we provide our customers, we believe based on the conversations, we'll be back to pre-pandemic levels.
Jacob Johnson: Got it. Thanks for that, Eric. I'll leave it there.
Eric Green: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dan Leonard with UBS. Your line is now open.
Dan Leonard: Thank you. I have another question on visibility. Can you discuss the breadth of your visibility? And I ask because I'm wondering if we're in a situation where you have close contact and visibility with those large customers, but rather it's the long tail of smaller customers that are driving the downside surprise.
Eric Green: Actually, the -- So, Dan, thanks for the question, but the more variability has been with the larger customers. And the smaller customers, although obviously we're very focused on that because that's really being the pipeline when you think about new developments, and the volumes there are less, and the frequency of orders are probably a bit higher. The predictability of which quarter lands in is lower, but the order of magnitude on the stocking impact is less. So, I'm not sure if that helps, but obviously a very important part of our portfolio are the small, smaller biotech pharma companies when you think about their innovation pipeline and how that feeds into the whole ecosystem of the injectable medicine space. But the impact that has on our fluctuation on the revenues is not as great. I don't know if that helps, Dan.
Dan Leonard: That's great. Thanks for that clarification, Eric. And a quick follow-up. You mentioned that the new capacity in Dublin opens in the third quarter. How important is Dublin to the fourth quarter revenue ramp?
Eric Green: Not really. I mean, the team is going to work really hard to have -- to get that capacity up and running in full utilization. But the reality is it takes us a few quarters to ramp any new site of that magnitude up to full capacity. So, I would suggest that's not a major driver to why we're calling -- giving the guidance the way we are for Q4.
Dan Leonard: Got it. Thanks a bunch.
Eric Green: Yes. Thank you. Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Windley with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
David Windley: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I'm going to try to ask a few in a different way. Eric, in June when we were together, you talked about 50% or maybe a little less of your revenue comes from large customers where your visibility is higher, I thought you said, because of the high volume that you do with them, the connectivity that you have with them, and then the smaller customers are much more volatile, and you kind of, to Dan's question there, commented on that. I thought you said that your visibility or your forecasting accuracy around those large customers was really accurate over time, but you also then just said that those are actually the source of the destock. And so, I wanted to make sure I understood kind of the historical accuracy and tie in with those large customers, but seemingly a disconnect on that right now. Is that the right way to think about it?
Eric Green: No. What I would say is that -- and so, David, thanks for the question, but I would say is that the larger customers have larger variability. When they do, we'll have a discussion about a forecast, and then they would, when we get to the point of actually firming up as a firm order, there is some movement that is occurring. And since it doesn't take many of them to have a meaningful impact compared to the smaller account. It is true on a smaller account, and maybe I should have been clearer. When we look at degree of accuracy, we're looking at quarter versus quarter prior year. And therefore, in the smaller accounts, that's less predictable on which exactly month, quarter it will land. We have a high repeat business model, and we mentioned this before, that majority of our revenues, it's almost annuity-like, every year, there's a repeat, and then would -- the variable would be drug demand up or down, and then that's the throttle. But in this particular case, when we talk about the degree of accuracy, the smaller accounts from a quarter versus prior quarter is a little more harder to predict. But from a impact to the revenues, the larger accounts are the ones that have a more meaningful impact on the dollar value perspective from one quarter to the next.
David Windley: Got it. Okay. And then in terms of the improving confidence, I guess I'd like to key on, on Bernard's answer about kind of the cuts to this year and order patterns. You know, earlier in the year, your coverage was encouraging relative to pre-COVID levels, but then the fill-in on top of that not coming as you expected. Can you give us some sense of what is the normal level of coverage versus the amount of go-get? Like, how much go-get do you have for the second half of the year, in absolute or relative that gives you the confidence that you can get to the levels that you're now setting?
Bernard Birkett: Yes. The exact number, we're not going to give out for like pretty obvious reasons, but it's our coverage rates and the go-get that we would have to do now on this new guidance is, I would say, we're more confident around that and delivering it and being able to get it. And it's -- that go-get is based on conversation with customers, understanding their order patterns and changing order patterns and factoring all of that in, and then understanding what their forecasts are. So, that's what's given us the confidence. So, the size of what we have to go-get isn't as large from a dollar perspective. And, as I said, when we talked about it earlier in the year, we had a level of confidence around it and anticipate a certain conversion rate. Obviously, that hasn't materialized in the way we would have anticipated. So, we have adjusted our guidance to reflect that and give us confidence about being able to deliver on the numbers now that we're guiding to.
David Windley: Got it. And Bernard, to your point, you did say -- management did say similar things about, when those six customers kind of arose and kind of shockingly were not going to be ordering as much earlier in the year and the guidance was 2% to 3% instead of, the 7% to 9% construct. So, you had those conversations earlier in the year and, we're talking about having them again here in the middle of the year. I guess I'd also invoke, you mentioned that, you go back to pre-COVID levels and look at the growth rate. We've done the same. You said 10. It looks like it's even a little above 10. I guess using that construct, if we were to use the midpoint of the LRP, the 8% of your long-range targets, that would imply a revenue level that's still a couple of hundred million dollars below where you're guiding today, or said differently that next year would be a flat year to grow into an 8% growth rate from 2019. How do we get confidence that there are factors that, you know, that bias to the upside what that growth should be or conversely that there's not still a couple of hundred million dollars of overbuying in your customers' inventory levels that they still need to work through before you get to that multi-year growth support level?
Bernard Birkett: Yes, David, I'll start with this one here. One of the biggest drivers in the last five years' CAGR taking out COVID was the biologic growth. If you recall back five, six years ago, our participation rate was high, but the percentage of sales of biologics was sub-20%. And I don't have the exact number, pardon me, but it was about 20% of our overall business, if I recall. And as the years progressed over those five years, the number of approvals, the number of biologics that really accelerated the market, and there's a few that we still see continue to outpace the demands that we forecasted with our customers, which is a positive. Now, the base of that business is much larger. I believe it's -- we were roughly around 40%. So, 2x it as a percentage of the whole company and the whole company has grown or doubled in size. So, as we kind of think forward a little bit, the 7% to 9% is -- why we say the financial construct going forward is 7% to 9% is we feel -- we take that in consideration, it's a bigger base we're operating off of. Continue with the leading with the HVP and the biologics area will give us that type of growth off of a close to a $3 billion business.
David Windley: Got it. Okay. I'll leave it at that. I was going to ask one more, but I've probably beaten it up enough. Thank you.
Eric Green: Thank you.
Bernard Birkett: Thanks David.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tom DeBourcy with Nephron Research. Your line is now open.
Tom DeBourcy: Hi, good morning.
Eric Green: Good morning.
Tom DeBourcy: Good morning. Just had a quick question, I guess on CapEx. And, you know, so the current level of CapEx, 12% to 13% of revenue, and I just wanted to get a sense of how you're, I guess, metering the demand, or long-term capacity expansion versus maybe short-term weaker demand due to de-stocking. And then just as you look to 2025, I think consensus has maybe the number going down to $300 million of CapEx and just, I'm not asking you to endorse that number, but just, would you expect CapEx to be down year-over-year in 2025?
Eric Green: Well, I'm not going to guide 2025 at this point, but what I would say is that the investments we're making and the higher level of CapEx that we're experiencing right now, compared to pre-COVID levels is really targeted at growth in a number of different areas. And for us to layer in that capacity, you're looking at 12, 24, like 36 months in some cases, depending on the lead times of the equipment and the technology that we're installing. And so -- but when we're doing that, we're looking at what markets are growing, we're looking at the regulatory landscape, what changes are requiring there and what finishing capacity we need. We're looking at GLP from both a proprietary and a contract manufacturing perspective. And then we're also looking at our participation across biologics. And again, what sort of capacity we need there. So we've got three pretty powerful drivers for growth coming on over the next couple of years. I mean, for us, we need to have that capacity installed to meet that demand when it actually materializes so we can respond. So we don't get into the position where our lead times get pushed out like they had during the COVID timeframe. Looking beyond, as we said earlier on the call, we would expect our CapEx over the next year or two to get back to more normalized levels of 6% to 8% of revenues. You know, that's what we will be targeting. And that supports the long-term construct growth of 7% to 9% on the top, and be more focused again on creating that mixed shift and supporting that HVP growth. So hopefully that kind of gives you some color.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the call back over to John Sweeney for closing remarks.
John Sweeney: Thank you all for joining us today on the conference call. An online archive of the broadcast will be available on our website at westpharma.com in the Investors section. Additionally, you can access a replay for 30 days following the presentation by using the dial-in numbers and conference ID provided at the end of today's earnings release. That concludes the call. Thank you very much and have a nice day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-25 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to West Pharmaceutical Services First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that today's conference may be recorded. 
 I will now hand the conference over to your speaker host Quintin Lai, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir. 
Quintin Lai: Thank you, Olivia. Good morning, and welcome to West's First Quarter 2024 Conference Call. We issued our financial results this morning and the release has been posted in the Investors section on the company's website located at westpharma.com. 
 This morning, we will review our financial results, provide an update on our business and present an updated financial outlook for the full year 2024. There is a slide presentation that accompanies today's call and a copy of that presentation is available on the Investors section of our website. 
 On Slide 4 is our safe harbor statement. Statements made by management on this call and in the accompanying presentation contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. federal securities law. These statements are based on our beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. The company's future results are influenced by many factors beyond the control of the company. Actual results could differ materially from past results as well as those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement made here. 
 Please refer to today's press release as well as any other disclosures made by the company regarding the risks to which it is subject, including our 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports. 
 During today's call, management will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures, including organic sales growth, adjusted operating profit, adjusted operating profit margin and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in this morning's earnings release. 
 I now turn the call over to our CEO, Eric Green. 
Eric Green: Thank you, Quintin, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. 
 We will start on Slide 5, where I'd like to cover a few topics. First, we will review Q1 performance. Second, we will provide an update on the markets that we serve as well as updates on our growth initiatives. And third, we will provide an update to our full year 2024 financial outlook. 
 Now turning to the financial results. We delivered a solid start to the year. During the quarter, we again saw growth in our top-tier HVP component, NovaPure, and our HVP devices such as SmartDose. We also continued to see inventory management or destocking by our larger mature customers that are working down their inventory closer to pre-pandemic levels. With that said, Q1 had a solid start due to favorable order timing of customer deliveries fulfilled in the quarter. 
 I want to address the question that many of you are asking, are we seeing an inflection in destocking? The short answer is not quite yet. Several customers are still working through their safety stock levels, and we still expect Q2 to have an impact from customer destocking and customer order trends continue to indicate a stronger second half of 2024 with a return to more typical order patterns in Q4. Therefore, after a solid quarter, we maintain our full year net sales guidance. 
 Turning to Slide 6. We continue to have an active year of capital expansion projects that are increasing capacity to meet growing demand for both our Proprietary Products and Contract Manufacturing segments. 
 In our Proprietary Products segment, we have expansion projects in several of our HVP components manufacturing sites, such as Jersey Shore, Kinston, Waterford and Eschweiler. These projects will provide a combination of increased manufacturing capacity, especially HVP processing, washing, sterilization and Envision as well as bring a higher level of global standardization throughout our network. We believe that this favorably positions West to address anticipated growing demand for HVP components from volume growth of legacy drugs, from recently launched or to-be-launched drugs and potential conversions from legacy customers to higher levels of quality in response to the global regulatory changes. 
 Last quarter, we mentioned one such regulatory change was the European Union GMP Annex 1. We continue to emphasize that adoption. Both timing and level of HVP will vary from customer to customer and from drug to drug. What we are seeing in Q1 is an acceleration of interest from customers as Annex 1 calls for higher quality, lower particulate and more stabilized solutions. 
 Earlier this month at the INTERPHEX conference in New York, Annex 1 was a key topic of discussion with customers as we highlighted our innovative approach and leading products of Westar Select and NovaPure. 
 Also, in the Proprietary Products segment, we're making progress with capacity expansion of our HVP devices including SmartDose, SelfDose and admin systems. For the near term, we're working to layer in capacity through productivity optimization programs. And for the longer term, we are adding capacity that incorporates automation to complement our manual processes. 
 With our Contract Manufacturing, we continue to build out capacity at our Grand Rapids site and significant expansion at our Dublin facility, which are both in support of our customer's injection device platform. These expansions are critical to the overall volume growth that we continue to experience with growing demand for certain components associated with drugs for diabetes and obesity. 
 Shifting to Slide 7. We're maintaining our full year 2024 organic sales growth outlook of 2% to 3%. Our teams are actively engaged in working through our customers' inventory management. We expect improved growth along with stronger gross and operating margins in the second half of the year, with Q4 projected to be the strongest quarter. For the full year, we are maintaining general core cost discipline while reinvesting into new growth initiatives, as I have just outlined. 
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Bernard. Bernard? 
Bernard Birkett: Thank you, Eric, and good morning. Let's review the numbers in more detail. 
 We'll first look at Q1 2024 revenues and profits where, as expected, we saw a low single-digit decrease in organic sales, a decline in operating profit and diluted EPS compared to the first quarter 2023, given the current market dynamics. I will take you through the drivers impacting sales and margin in the quarter as well as some balance sheet takeaways. And finally, we will provide an update to our 2024 guidance. 
 First up, Q1. Our financial results are summarized on Slide 8, and the reconciliation of non-U.S. GAAP measures are described in Slides 15 to 18. We recorded net sales of $695.4 million, representing an organic sales decline of 3%. 
 Looking at Slide 9. Proprietary Products organic net sales decreased 4% in the quarter. High-value products, which made up 72% of Proprietary Products sales in the quarter, declined by low single digits primarily due to decreased sales from our FluroTec products and Westar components. 
 Looking at the performance of the market units, the biologics market unit delivered low single-digit growth, led primarily by sales of NovaPure. The pharma market unit saw a high single-digit decline, primarily due to a reduction in sales of Envision and standard components, while the generics market unit declined double digits, primarily due to decreased sales from our Westar and FluroTec components. Our Contract Manufacturing segment experienced low single-digit net sales growth in the first quarter, primarily driven by an increase in sales of components associated with diagnostic devices. Our adjusted operating profit margin, 17.7%, was a 530 basis point decrease from the same period last year. 
 Finally, adjusted diluted EPS declined 21.2% for Q1. Excluding stock-based compensation tax benefit, EPS decreased by approximately 23%. 
 Now let's review the drivers in both our revenue and profit performance. On Slide 10, we show the contribution to organic sales decline in the quarter. Sales price increases contributed $24.1 million, a 3.4 percentage points of growth in the quarter, as did a foreign currency tailwind of approximately $3.4 million. More than offsetting price was a negative volume and mix impact of $45.5 million primarily due to lower sales volume caused by customer inventory management decisions in the period. 
 Looking at margin performance. Slide 11 shows our consolidated gross profit margin of 33.1% of Q1 2024, down from 37.9% in Q1 2023. Proprietary Products first quarter gross profit margin of 37% was 550 basis points lower than the margin achieved in the first quarter of 2023. The key drivers for the decline in Proprietary Products gross profit margin were lower sales volume and an unfavorable mix of products sold, partially offset by increased sales prices. 
 Contract Manufacturing first quarter gross profit margin of 17% was 60 basis points below the margin achieved in the first quarter of 2023, primarily due to inflationary labor costs and an unfavorable mix of products sold, partially offset by increased sales prices. 
 Now let's look at our balance sheet and review how we've done in terms of generating cash for the business. On Slide 12, we have listed some key cash flow metrics. Operating cash flow was $118.2 million for the 3 months ended March 2024, a decrease of $19.9 million compared to the same period last year, a 14.4% decrease primarily due to a decline in operating results. 
 Our first quarter 2024 year-to-date capital spending was $90.6 million, $8.5 million higher than the same period last year. We continue to leverage our CapEx to increase both our high-value products and our Contract Manufacturing capacity. 
 Working capital of approximately $1.04 billion at March 31, 2024, decreased by $220.1 million from December 31, 2023 primarily due to a reduction in our cash balance. 
 Our cash balance at March 31, 2024 was $601.8 million, which was $252.1 million lower than our December 2023 balance. The decrease in cash is primarily due to $267 million of share repurchases and our capital expenditures offset by cash from operations. 
 Turning to guidance. Slide 7 provides a high-level summary. We are reaffirming our full year 2024 net sales guidance in the range of $3 billion to $3.025 billion. There is an estimated full year 2024 headwind of approximately $8 million based on current foreign exchange rates. We expect organic sales growth to be approximately 2% to 3%, unchanged from prior guidance. 
 We are raising our full year 2024 adjusted diluted EPS guidance to be in a range of $7.63 to $7.88, compared to a prior range of $7.50 to $7.75. 
 Also, our CapEx guidance of $350 million for the year, unchanged from prior guidance. 
 There are some key elements I want to bring your attention to as you review our guidance. Full year 2024 adjusted diluted EPS guidance range includes an estimated FX headwind of approximately $0.04 based on current foreign currency exchange rate, which is an increase from the prior guidance of $0.02. 
 The updated guidance also includes EPS of $0.15 associated with first quarter 2024 tax benefits from stock-based compensation. Our guidance excludes future tax benefits from stock-based compensation. 
 I would now like to turn the call back over to Eric. 
Eric Green: Thank you, Bernard. To summarize with Slide 13, the solid financial performance and execution in Q1 continues to reaffirm our proven growth strategy, strong base business and the unique value of our high-quality product offerings for customers. We look forward to building on this momentum as we move through the year, and our team is steadfast in meeting the anticipated growth expectations as we make a positive impact on health care across the globe. 
 Olivia, we're ready to take questions. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question coming from the line of Matthew Larew with William Blair. 
Matthew Larew: I wanted to ask about -- you referenced the pickup in the back half of the year, but more about the second quarter. Last call, you discussed sort of a flip to positive growth in the second quarter. And Eric, in your comments, it sounds like there hasn't been an inflection on the destocking. So just wondering if we should still be thinking about positive organic growth in the second quarter or if things are now more weighted to the back half of the year? 
Eric Green: Matt, thanks for the question. What we're seeing is that Q2 will be sequentially stronger than Q1 but we also see that as we go into Q3 and Q4 throughout the year. We did see some demand in the first half of this year that we were able to build and fulfill through our manufacturing sites in Q1 that I would consider as timing in the first half of this year. But the buildup will be sequential quarter-over-quarter over the next 4 quarters. 
 Bernard, do you want to add any more? 
Bernard Birkett: Yes. Just as Eric said, Matt, sequentially, it will be up. There is an element of timing between Q1 and Q2. So some of those orders that we shipped out in Q1, originally, we would have earmarked in Q2. So we're seeing that, and we're also seeing the destocking continue into Q2. 
Matthew Larew: Okay. Then maybe let me go from very near term to a higher level, which is that some peers have described that the supply chain disruptions and longer lead times during the pandemic created an opportunity for them perhaps to get into West's customers where they didn't have access to before. And so just curious what your assessment is of your competitive positioning and perhaps more generally, the industry's bias towards sole source or multisource arrangements moving forward and just kind of ask that in light of all the high-value capacity you're adding. 
Eric Green: Yes, Matt, over the pandemic, we actually worked with our customers to make sure that we were able to continue to supply and that there wasn't any stockout with any particular customer. So we were successful through the pandemic period of time. And we have been working on reducing the backlog and increasing their safety stock levels really in back end of 2022 and 2023. 
 The way we see it is that we continue to be on the molecules that are in the marketplace. We are working with them as they adjust their schedules for future shipments to be able to continue to supply those products in the market, and it is based on number of scripts that are being -- injections being administered. 
 But also, more importantly, is if we look at our current win rate or participation rate last year and going into this year, it is as strong as it's ever been. So our interactions with our customers remain very strong. We have a very strong position in the marketplace. And the issue around potential sole source is that what customers have gained confidence is that we have multiple sites that can be able to support their product in the marketplace so they're not dependent on a particular site. And in that sense, we're able to provide them with a single product, multiple sites to be able to support their global supply chain. 
Operator: And our next question coming from the line of Jacob Johnson with Stephens. 
Jacob Johnson: Maybe just on the quarter, if I look at revenue and EBIT kind of sequentially, they were down a similar amount. And so kind of the decremental margins were maybe a little bit greater here. I know there's probably a few moving pieces as it relates to capacity additions and mix. But can you just talk about why we didn't see maybe a little bit more leverage on the margin side of things given the revenue outperformance in the quarter? 
Bernard Birkett: Yes. It was -- it's primarily around gross margin, and that's impacted by mix and then the overall absorption in some of our plants impacted the margin that we saw in Q1, but it was actually ahead of where we had predicted it to be, which -- so it was a solid performance for us in the quarter. 
Jacob Johnson: Got it, Bernard. And then maybe a longer-term question. A couple of years ago, you've all updated your LRP to 7 to 9. Since then, GLP-1s and Annex 1 have emerged or come to the forefront. I'm just curious if you think if either or both of those trends kind of change your thinking about your long-term or medium-term outlook? 
Eric Green: Jacob, this is Eric. I would say, at this point, we do not want to adjust our long-term outlook. However, we are excited about working with our customers in both areas that you described. One is in the GLP-1 sector, which we would be able to support our customers both in the elastomer side, but also in the -- in our Contract Manufacturing to be able to support them on their delivery devices. 
 And on the Annex 1, we feel really good about where we are and the discussions that are ongoing right now with our customers and the trends that we're seeing aligns well with how we've positioned our portfolio all the way from if you think about the component specifications all the way to manufacturing design, container closure integrity, then you think about documentation services. The whole suite of requirements to make our customers successful as they transition and be ready for the Annex 1. 
 So while we're very well positioned in both areas, it is about timing and change can take time and adoption could take time. So we are -- we would say that the long-term outlook construct is a range. But as an organization, we don't have a ceiling. So I'll leave it like that. 
Operator: And our next question coming from the line of Paul Knight with KeyBanc. 
Paul Knight: Eric, as I look at the numbers, would it be fair to say that within Contract Manufacturing and proprietary delivery systems, you need to build capacity and there seems to be a ceiling right there for you right now? 
Eric Green: Yes, Paul. That's -- yes, I would characterize that as such. Probably more pronounced in Contract Manufacturing. We do have significant investments going on right now, both in Grand Rapids and Dublin, that will be -- validation will occur later this year, but most commercial revenues will be observed in 2025 going forward. 
 And then in the high-value product proprietary devices, there are some constraints that we have due to capacity, but that's being layered in as we speak. So as the timing throughout the year, you'll see even stronger throughput later on this year. 
Paul Knight: Which leaves, I guess, standard packaging, the weakest? Is that a fair assumption? And is standard -- what's in standard packaging to make that the weakest, if it is? 
Eric Green: Well, if I -- let me rephrase that. I think the HVP components for us, most of the destocking that we've experienced earlier this year is around that category. However, that particular part of the portfolio will ramp up quite -- very nicely sequentially throughout the year. So it is -- most of the -- if you look at the Q1, the proprietary elastomer side, it really is due to destocking at this point in time but very strong outlook towards the end of the year and very strong obviously beyond that. 
Bernard Birkett: Yes. I think, Paul, on that, it's important to note that we don't anticipate any major mix shift. There's still the growth opportunities around HVP and in the biologics space. And even in Q1, that continued to grow. And you could see the growth driven there by the growth in NovaPure. So from a mix perspective, I think when you look at it in the whole, areas are growing. And our growth potential, as we look out past '24, around standard components and packaging and HVP, the trajectory is the same; that they are the growth drivers. 
Operator: And our next question coming from the line of Michael Ryskin with Bank of America. 
Michael Ryskin: I just have a couple of quick follow-ups. One, I mean you talked about the cadence and the progression of revenues through the year. I want to focus a little bit more on the margin side of things. I think we previously looked for a little bit more of a jump from 1Q to 2Q on the gross margin on Proprietary Products and on operating margin as well. Is it fair to say that given your comments on timing of revenues in 1Q, 2Q, that the second quarter margins will be a little bit more subdued as well and it will be closer to the first quarter? And then I've got a follow-up. 
Bernard Birkett: We expect margin improvement sequentially as we move through the year, and that hasn't changed since we spoke about it in February. We would see growth in operating margins step up quarter-over-quarter. 
Michael Ryskin: Okay. All right. And then on the contribution of price versus volume and mix in the quarter, price was a little bit weaker than we had expected. Is that just a component of mix and some of the destocking you had talked about? Or should we expect price to be a bigger contributor as you go through the year? Or is that being at half level about right? 
Eric Green: Yes. No, it's a great question. I mean last year was a unique situation due to inflationary pressures. This year, I think we discussed in February that we're targeting between the 3% to 4% corridor on net price contribution, absent of any HVP mix shift. And so we started the year off in line with what we expect 3% to 4%. 
Operator: And our next question coming from the line of Justin Bowers with Deutsche Bank. 
Justin Bowers: Eric, earlier you talked about some of your customers returning to pre-pandemic safety stock levels. Do you have a sense on when that normalizes this year? And what it means in terms of typical ordering patterns? 
Eric Green: And so we're seeing some of that return in Q2 as we speak. But as I mentioned in the prepared remarks that we're seeing -- we're still seeing some destocking occurring into Q2. And as we look at the order patterns in the second half of the year, and we -- and obviously, we're -- as you know, we're make to order. So we get -- we have a purview if you look out multiple quarters ahead of us, it is stronger than it has been in a number of years, if you normalize for COVID. So we feel good about the -- when we talk about sequential growth on the revenue for the next several quarters, we feel very good based on the order patterns we're currently seeing today. 
Justin Bowers: Contract Manufacturing side, last quarter, you talked about some operational improvements, I think, maybe in Arizona. But is that somewhat of a gating factor until you implement those and get the throughput through? Or can you maintain the same productivity levels while you're making those changes? 
Eric Green: It's -- this will be within our high-value product devices portfolio. It's a smaller piece of our overall business. There are some -- as we make these improvements, there are some, I guess, constraints as we continue to manufacture, but most of those have been -- are being resolved as we speak. 
Bernard Birkett: Yes. And I think the productivity improvements that we're actually working on right now don't impact our current levels of production. And we would -- again, we would see a sequential improvement in the throughput around that business. So we're not looking at a step back there. 
Eric Green: No. 
Justin Bowers: Appreciate the questions and sorry the background noise. I've got some guys on my roof. 
Eric Green: No problem. 
Justin Bowers: Totally appreciate it. 
Eric Green: No problem. 
Operator: And our next question coming from the line of David Windley with Jefferies. 
David Windley: I was going to say Justin, let us know if you need us to come rescue you. I was going to come back to the mix. I hope I don't confuse the situation further. But just trying to understand the original question, I guess, Jacob's question about the decremental margin and the moving parts there. I understand revenue was lower overall and so you have absorption impacts from that. But NovaPure, you call out as strong, and we've identified that the margin contribution from that ought to be really, really high. And then it sounds like you have some other reasonably high-margin contributors that are being destocked. And so I guess I wanted to make a plea for maybe a little bit more granularity, so we could understand the moving parts there. And then how that progresses as you see the sequential improvement through the balance of the year, possibly? 
Bernard Birkett: Yes, David. So it was really in some of the other areas of high-value products where we saw some step back in Q1. But what we do expect to see as we progress through the year, the volumes around that business to increase again sequentially. And that's when we talked about the destocking earlier on in the year where we're seeing it was across all different parts of our business. So we would expect that HVP growth to accelerate as we move through the year and then the margin -- and that to be reflected in our margins. And also, we'll get the pickup of incremental or increased throughput as we move through the year. I think Q1 was our lowest level of throughput, and we're a high-volume business. So absorption does get impacted. 
David Windley: As a follow-up, in these areas of higher demand, GLP-1s being one of the previous call outs that you responded to, it's increasingly apparent that the efforts of the sponsors to get those products ultimately to market are very multifactorial with so many different elements of the supply chain investing aggressively to bring up capacity, you all being an example of at least 2 different areas where you're investing. To what degree do you have dialogue with those clients or visibility to understand? You invest and you add NovaPure capacity and you add injection device capacity but fill-finish capacity is a challenge, for example, and that could be a rate-limiting step that you also need to anticipate relative to the order patterns. Like how are you able to do calculus around that? 
Eric Green: Yes, David, that's a good observation is that not just upstream, but downstream, we have to be aware of. We do have very strong, very long-term relationships with customers that are in this space. So those relations are very -- are well established, where we do interact with them about their demand profiles, min to max type of conversation for the various drugs and so we're sensitive towards that. 
 Obviously, we don't speak to any of those volumes of a customer. But the way to look at it is -- so to your question, if there's bottlenecks somewhere else in the value chain of -- to get these products into the market, we have to be aware and we try to work with our customers with that understanding. Our role is to make sure that we aren't the bottleneck. 
 And so as you think about the elastomer side of the business, a lot of those assets are fungible. So these lines are not exclusive. So if we have to make a high-value product plunger, we're able to do that in multiple high-value product facilities and our customers can improve more than one site. 
 When it comes to Contract Manufacturing, it is a little different. That's installed capacity and there's a theoretical maximum to it. And that is one of many suppliers in that space. So that is different. That's a very tailored business model for a customer or multiple customers. 
 So that's how we are tackling this, Dave. So we -- as we look at the investments, on the elastomer side, we feel really good about where we are with our capacity. We have been expanding capacity. So we're in a very good position. On the Contract Manufacturing site, we will -- if and when awarded additional contracts, we will build out, expand and ramp up production to peak volumes within 1 or 2 years. So that's pretty typical of the model that we have today. 
David Windley: That's very helpful. If I could just sneak a last one in. On the destock, is it possible to size or quantify or comment to -- is the impact of customer inventory management in 1Q, the peak and you expect that to wane; still continue into 2Q, but wane as you continue through the year? Can you comment on that? 
Eric Green: Well, I will say, it will wane. Yes, it is going to wane throughout -- as you talked about, throughout the year. And that's supported by our confirmed orders as we think through the balance of 2024 and also the discussion we had about sequential growth quarter-over-quarter for the next 4 quarters. 
Operator: And our next question coming from the line of Larry Solow with CJS Securities. 
Lawrence Solow: Just a few follow-ups. I guess just on the -- any update? I know you mentioned Annex 1 and whatnot. Just any qualitative thoughts on -- that you can speak to, just conversations with customers on potential conversions of legacy products going forward? Anything that you could speak to there? 
Eric Green: Larry, thanks for the question. Yes, we've been having a lot of active discussions. And as I mentioned at the recent conference that we attended in New York, that was clearly the #1 discussion point. And it's interesting is that we're very well positioned to be able to support our customers as we kind of think about how do our customers get ready for -- to be able to support and provide product with the regulations of Annex 1. Now the one comment I will make is that one of the clear indicators that the most interest is coming from the multinationals. I think originally, there might -- thinking around just the European firms, but this clearly is a discussion at a multinational level to really simplify their own supply chains. And so that's encouraging. And it's -- and again, it's not just for new drugs. It's really a heavy emphasis on the legacy portfolio. 
 So that's about as much as I probably can give you without going too detailed, but these are active dialogue discussions that they will take time. It will depend on the customer. It will depend on the drug that they like to transfer, but we're well positioned to have those discussions and then act upon them. 
Lawrence Solow: Great. I appreciate that color. And just a question on R&D. I think R&D increased last year, I think, 16%, 17%. What's sort of the outlook this year? I know Q1 looks like it was only up a little bit year-over-year, but I know the quarters could jump around a little bit. Just thoughts on R&D? And where is the lion's share of that increase going into? Is that -- I know a lot of investment into Corning, but is it going into a lot of different areas? 
Bernard Birkett: Yes, Larry, as a percentage of revenue, we expect R&D to be pretty constant as we go through the year. And where is that money going? A lot of that increase is around integrated systems and how we're building that out. And again, it is our partnership with Corning and supporting that and developing that market. 
Lawrence Solow: Okay. And just lastly on price, I think you had like a little over 3% increase you mentioned this quarter. Is that about -- that also could probably move around a little bit, but is that probably a good run rate you think for the full year? 
Eric Green: Yes, that's correct. That's a good position to be in for us. 
Operator: Thank you. And I see no further questions from the queue at this time. I'll turn the call back now over to Quintin Lai for any closing remarks. 
Quintin Lai: Thanks, Olivia. Thank you for joining us on today's conference call. An online archive of the broadcast will be available on our website at westpharma.com in the Investors section. Additionally, you may access the replay for 30 days following this presentation by using the dial-in numbers and conference ID provided at the end of today's earnings release. 
 That concludes the call. Have a nice day. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-15 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to West Pharmaceutical Services Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the call over to Vice President, Strategy and Investor Relations, Quintin Lai. Please go ahead.
Quintin Lai: Thank you, Latif. Good morning, and welcome to West's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Conference Call. We issued our financial results this morning, and the release has been posted in the Investors section on the company's website located at westpharma.com. This morning, we will review our financial results, provide an update on our business and present an update on our financial outlook for the full year 2024. There's a slide presentation that accompanies today's call, and a copy of the presentation is available on the Investors section of our website. On Slide 4 is our Safe Harbor statement. Statements made by management on this call and in the accompanying presentation contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. federal securities law. These statements are based on our beliefs and assumptions current expectations, estimates and forecasts. The company's future results are influenced by many factors beyond the control of the company. Actual results could differ materially from past results as well as those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement made here. Please refer to today's press release as well as any other disclosures made by the company regarding the risks to which it is subject including our 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports. During today's call, management will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures, including organic sales growth, adjusted operating profit, adjusted operating profit margin and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in this morning's earnings release. I now turn the call over to our CEO, Eric Green.
Eric Green: Thank you, Quintin, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. We'll start on Slide 5. Last year, we celebrated West's 100th anniversary of groundbreaking health care innovation, which is one of many proud highlights shown on this recap slide. I also want to thank our team members who are connected by our strong responsibility and shared values that continue to help us succeed each day. Now turning to Slide 6, where I'll cover 3 main topics. First, we will examine the drivers of 2023. Second, we will discuss the challenges ahead in 2024. And third, we will talk about the drivers of growth that we'll return West to long-term financial construct of sales and margin expansion in 2025. Let's begin with our financial results. I am pleased with the strong base growth in 2023, which more than offset a decline of COVID-19-related sales of approximately $320 million. Excluding pandemic-related sales, we had strong base overall organic sales growth in the mid-teens. Driving this base growth is the expanding customer demand for our high-value product offerings, both components and devices, and for our contract manufacturing services. During the year, we made great strides with our capital expansion plans across our global network. For example, in Kinston, we expanded our footprint with new NovaPure capacity, and we're in the process of a significant expansion in our HVP processing capacity. At our Grand Rapids contract manufacturing site, we brought online new capacity for a customer's injection device in late 2022, which contributed to growth in 2023. We also have been able to successfully address our backlog of long lead times for certain products. This has been a challenge since the start of the pandemic, and thanks to the hard work of our teams through both optimization and capacity expansion, we have exited the year with normalized lead times. Moving to Slide 7. As we turn our attention to 2024, we are facing several challenges to our growth model as indicated in our preliminary outlook from October. With greater visibility of a changing market landscape, we expect 2% to 3% organic sales growth for the full year or about 5 to 6 percentage points lower than our preliminary outlook. This difference comes from 4 main factors. First, we had expected flat COVID-related sales this year, instead, demand continues to decline, which resulted in about 1% point decrease in organic sales. Second, timing of HVP device manufacturing capacity coming online to satisfy customer demand has been pushed out, causing a percentage point of headwind. Third, timing of a customer's upgrade to a higher HVP tier has caused a percentage point of headwind. And finally, fourth, a more widespread destocking is causing approximately 2 to 3 percentage points of headwind. Towards the end of the year and into January, the industry inventory management trend and other life science tools companies have been experiencing has now reached our segment of the injectable drug value chain. While we thought we might see some impact in 2024, we were surprised with the breadth, latitude and speed at which customers change their forecast. In several of these cases, customers express to us the same sentiment at the amount of forecast changes that were being handed to them. As we look to overall quarterly pacing for 2024, we expect that Q1 will have the largest negative impact due to destocking as well as timing of new HVP device capacity and customer-led HVP upgrade. We expect in Q1 that proprietary products will be down by high single decline. We expect some effect, but to a lesser degree in Q2 with positive proprietary products and consolidated organic growth. And we expect the second half of the year to have better growth with Q4 in line with our long-term financial construct. As we set our 2024 guidance and quarterly cadence, we see several areas that support our expectations. First, our February order book for the second half of the year has a higher coverage ratio than prior pre-pandemic levels. Second, we have some customers that are expected to be able to produce more drugs as the year progresses. Third, we expect HVP device capacity to improve in the second half of the year as we implement process modifications that were designed to improve manufacturing throughput. I am disappointed that we will not achieve our usual full year organic sales and margin expansion in 2024. As I've outlined, outside of further COVID demand reduction, some of the impact is time-related to new capacity and timing of customer upgrades. As for destocking, this is an industry-wide situation, not a change in market share or patient demand for drug volumes. Looking beyond 2024, we continue to be bullish on our growth construct and our teams will have another active year of capital investments in 2024. Moving to Slide 8. We will be expanding our industry-leading capacity with major HVP expansion projects in Jersey Shore and Eschweiler as well as other projects across the global network. Another driver of growth with a bright future comes from our HVP devices, which includes our injection delivery device platforms, Crystal Zenith containment solutions in the admin systems. HVP devices had very strong double-digit organic sales growth in 2023 and now represent 10% of overall sales. Less platforms are an integral part of our customers' drug device combination products that are making a difference to patients. And this year, we have had multiple capital expansion projects that will increase capacity for SmartDose, SelfDose and admin systems, with some expected to come online in the second half of 2024 and fully online in 2025. As mentioned at the outset, contract manufacturing had growth contribution from new capacity at our Grand Rapids site to support our customer's injection device platform. Looking ahead, we're excited to have started a significant expansion at our Dublin facility, which is already dedicated to contracted demand for future injection device manufacturing. We expect to be completed and validated in 2024, which places us in a great position for 2025 growth. I also want to take some time to talk about the dynamics of future demand related to our growth drivers for HVP components. As you know, we have been building HVP capacity for several years and expect it to continue to do so in 2024. We see a robust runway of volume growth over the next few years. As a foundation, we expect volume growth of existing drugs with increasing ageing patient populations, expanding geographical reach and evolving treatment guidelines and market conditions. In addition to overall volume growth, we continue to experience and see certain drugs have breakthrough growth. For example, we are experiencing a similar surge in demand for components associated with drugs treating diabetes and obesity. Our responsibility as the industry leader in primary packaging is to be prepared for incremental jumps in demand. And lastly, the area with the most potential for our future growth is our HVP capacity to support and mix shift. For mix shift, we see a combination of volume from new drugs that enter the market and from legacy drugs that upgrade from either a standard component or lower to a higher HVP category. The mix shift of legacy to HVP has historically been a smaller contributor for us compared to contribution from newly approved drugs. However, with the industry landscape changing, regulators are introducing new regulations for higher quality, lower particulate, and more standardized solutions. And therefore, customers are looking to upgrade their standard primary components. When we look at that over the next few years, we estimate that several billions of our primary containment components in standard form could benefit from a mix shift to our modern formulation and HVP processes. We recognize this mix shift will take time, but we anticipate as new regulation changes are enforced. This adoption will accelerate. By considering our combination of growth drivers from volume, price and HVP mix shift, we can confidently assert that we will be well equipped to navigate the challenges and continue to fuel our long-range financial construct of 7% to 9% annual organic sales growth and at least 100 basis points of operating margin expansion per year. Now I'll turn the call over to Bernard. Bernard?
Bernard Birkett: Thank you, Eric, and good morning. Let's review the numbers in more detail. We'll first look at Q4 2023 revenues and profits, where we saw low single-digit organic sales growth and an increase in diluted EPS and operating profit. I will take you through the drivers impacting sales and margin in the quarter as well as some balance sheet takeaways. And finally, we will review our 2024 guidance. First up Q4. Our financial results are summarized on Slide 9 and the reconciliation of non-U.S. GAAP measures are described in Slides 17 to 21. We recorded net sales of $732 million in the quarter, representing organic sales growth of 1.4%. COVID-related net revenues are estimated to have been approximately $7 million in the quarter and approximately $48 million reduction compared to the prior year. Looking at Slide 10. Proprietary Products organic net sales declined by 0.3% in the quarter. As we anticipated, in addition to the COVID decline, we continue to experience a destocking of inventory by certain of our customers during the fourth quarter. High-value products, which made up approximately 75% of proprietary product sales in the quarter, generated low single-digit growth, led by customer demand for HVP components and devices. Looking at the performance of the market units, the pharma market unit had low single-digit growth led by demand for Daikyo and NovaPure components, partially offset by a reduction in sales related to COVID. The biologics and generics market units experienced low single-digit and mid-single-digit declines respectively, due to a reduction in sales related to COVID-19 vaccine. Our Contract Manufacturing segment showed high single-digit net sales growth, led by an increase in sales of medical device and diagnostic products. We recorded $278.2 million in gross profit, which was $16.1 million or 6.1% higher than Q4 of last year. And our gross profit margin of 38% was a 100 basis point increase from the same period last year. Our adjusted operating profit increased to $159.9 million this quarter compared to $158.7 million in the same period last year. Our adjusted operating profit margin of 21.8% was a 60 basis point decrease from the same period last year. Finally, adjusted diluted EPS rose 3.4% for Q4. Excluding stock-based compensation tax benefit of $0.01 in Q4, EPS increased by approximately 6.4%. Now let's review the drivers in both our revenue and profit performance. On Slide 11, we show the contributions to sales growth in the quarter. Sales price increases contributed $39 million or 5.5 percentage points of growth in the quarter as did a foreign currency tailwind of approximately $18.5 million. Offsetting price was a negative mix impact of $29.3 million, primarily due to a reduction in COVID-19 related net demand of $48 million and destocking trends in the sector by certain of our customers. Looking at margin performance on Slide 12. Proprietary products fourth quarter gross profit margin of 42.7% is 110 basis points higher than the margin achieved in the fourth quarter of 2022. The key driver for the increase in proprietary products gross profit margin related to sales price increases, offset by inflationary pressures at our plants and mix from the reduction in COVID revenues. Contract Manufacturing fourth quarter gross profit margin of 17.9% was 250 basis points greater than the margin achieved in the fourth quarter of 2022. The increase in margin can be attributed to sales price increases and a favorable mix of products sold. And let's look at our balance sheet and review how we've done in terms of generating more cash. On Slide 13, we have listed some key cash flow metrics. Operating cash flow was $776.5 million for the year, an increase of $52.5 million compared to the same period last year a 7.3% increase. Operating cash flow in the period primarily benefited from favorable working capital management. In 2023, we spent $362 million on capital expenditures, a 27.2% increase over 2022. We continue to leverage our CapEx to increase our high-value product manufacturing capacity and/or contract manufacturing capacity. Working capital of approximately $1.26 billion decreased by $135.9 million from 2022, primarily due to an increase in our current portion of long-term debt and reduction in our cash balance. Our cash balance at December 31, $853.9 million was $40.4 million, lower than our December 2022 balance. The decrease in cash is primarily due to increased CapEx and share repurchases, offset by our working capital management. Turning to guidance. Slide 7 provides a high-level summary. Full year 2024 net sales guidance will be in a range of $3 billion to $3.025 billion. There is an estimated headwind of $8 million based on current foreign exchange rates. We expect organic sales growth to be approximately 2% to 3%. We expect our full year 2024 adjusted diluted EPS guidance to be in a range of $7.50 to $7.75, also, our CapEx guidance is $350 million for the year. There are some key elements I want to bring your attention to as you review our guidance. Estimated FX headwind on EPS has an impact of approximately $0.02 based on current foreign currency exchange rates and our guidance excludes future tax benefits from stock-based compensation. I would now like to turn the call back over to Eric.
Eric Green: Thank you, Bernard. To summarize on Slide 14, our proven growth strategy continues to deliver unique value, the breadth of our high-quality product offerings. This is evidenced by a robust committed order book. Despite the headwinds and challenges in the sector, our team is committed to overcome these obstacles to meet the anticipated growth expectations. I'm confident and excited about the future for West as we continue to make a difference to patient health across the globe. Latif, we're ready to take questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of David Windley of Jefferies. Your question please, David.
David Windley: I'm going to start with an easier one and then a higher level one. So Eric, I appreciate the comments that you gave us around the cadence of recovery or reacceleration in '24. So if I understood you correctly, you said negative double digits in proprietary products. Because one of you talked to where you think overall growth, like where will organic sales growth be in 1Q all in? And then how does that ramp through to the fourth quarter? It sounds like it gets to what you would call normal in the fourth quarter. Just want to understand that more precisely. Thank you.
Eric Green: Yes, Dave, I just want to make one correction. I'm hopeful just to be clear. The proprietary products anticipated performance in Q1 is high single-digit decline, just to be clear. And I would say majority of that the change in our view has come from destocking. While I mentioned 2 other factors, majority is destocking, and it's specifically 75% of the destockings coming from 6 customers. So I just want to kind of give you a little color around that aspect. Bernard, do you want to cover?
Bernard Birkett: Yes. On a consolidated basis, we would see the growth between 6% to 7% or negative 6% to 7% decline in Q1. And then as we said, we would expect to see growth ramping as we move through the year and getting back to construct in Q4.
David Windley: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And then a little more conceptually, Eric, you said in your comments, you were emphatic about not a change in market share, not a change in patient demand. You also, though, later said that in your interactions with clients about the breadth, magnitude and speed of the changes in their forecasts. I guess I would be curious from what you draw the confidence that it's not a change in patient demand if those customers are changing their own forecast. So I want to understand that. And then in this destocking, is the destocking still more in lower value, either low end of high-value or bulk standard products, or are you now dealing with destocking kind of up and down the product portfolio? Thank you.
Eric Green: Yes, David. So first of all, when we have our conversations with customers, it's a combination of two factors. One is, as they look at their inventory levels, they see an opportunity to leverage a little more working capital management. In addition to that, you add on the factor that in the beginning of 2023 and in all of 2022, our lead times, we were significantly higher, probably 3x to 4x. And what we've been able to do successfully due to both optimization and capital deployment that now is online and keeping up with the demand. We were able to bring those lead times to well before pre-pandemic levels. And so therefore, if you add those two factors together, it gave them confidence to be able to be more aggressive on inventory management. From a destocking, look at our portfolio, you're right. One of the areas that was more pronounced was on the standard in bulk areas, but we're also seeing it in some cases in parts of our HVP portfolio. So it is -- I would say, it's a cross, a broader set, but I would say the primary area has been the bulk and of the standard area.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Knight of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Paul Knight: Hi, Eric. On the $250 million of CapEx this year, and then I think it was a little higher last year. When does this, like, for example, last year's CapEx, when does this translate into revenue? Is it what you're alluding to earlier, is it second half '24?
Eric Green: Yes. Paul, thanks. So last year, we did approximately $362 million of capital. This year, we're forecasting about $350 million. And I would say still that same algorithm about approximately 70% is growth and 30% is maintenance just to give you that kind of context. When we look at the type of capital we're putting in, on the HVP capacity, what we're seeing is a transition. So we got NovaPure completed last year. And now we're in HVP finishing processing, which is important for the broader portfolio. And so that will be in line in 2024 and really some benefit in '24, but really '25 and beyond. The other area I should just be clear on, it's called about roughly a third of our capital, growth capital is going into our contract manufacturing business. We kind of highlighted that we've expanded Grand Rapids already that is up and running and fully utilized. We have a major project underway in Dublin that will be validated at the end of 2024. This is a significant facility, 175,000 square feet that has demand already committed. So we're pretty confident to get that up and running the end of the year and producing product for all of 2025. So it will be a good return in a short period of time. Those are the two probably bigger projects that are going on. But yes, it's more near term than long term.
Paul Knight: I guess my follow-up and last question would be, you've guided to a long-term growth rate of 7% to 9%, yet in the same period of the last couple of years or so, GLP-1s have emerged as a significant class of therapeutic. Does that square up with your historical guidance of 7% to 9% with this GLP-1 demand out there?
Eric Green: Well, Paul, that is an area that we've always talked about is that we do feel that could be an incremental upside as that market evolves. I do feel very confident. We feel very confident that we are participating quite well with our customers that are in that space, not just in our proprietary products as you think about the different formats, whether it's an auto-injector or a pen with multiple uses, so cartridges and prefilled syringes. So we do participate in the proprietary side, but we're also participating on the contract manufacturing side, which is kind of driving some of these large investments that we're making today. So we see that as upside to our long-term construct because we would consider that more of a breakout drug, a similar kind of effect that we had during the COVID time period.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jacob Johnson of Stephens.
Jacob Johnson: Maybe, Eric, just first following up on that last comment about contract manufacturing. That's a business maybe we don't have the most visibility into in terms of the future growth outlook. But clearly, you're deploying capital into that segment right now. So should we think about that business growing kind of above its historical range for the next couple of years, or how should we think about their term profile on these investments and capacity you're making there?
Eric Green: Yes. Bernard, would you like to take that one, please?
Bernard Birkett: Yes. So we would expect contract manufacturing to be grown within our construct. The investments that we're making in that area are very specific and tied to specific customers and business. And as Eric said, before we make the investments, we have a level of visibility as this type of commitment we're going to get and that does support the long-term growth of that business and ties in with our construct. Now again, we always say if we can do more and there's opportunity to do more, we will. And what we feel at this point, it is important to make these investments.
Jacob Johnson: Got it. And then just on the destocking and kind of visibility to this subsiding as we maybe get into the back half of the year. I know your portfolio is a bit different than the bioprocessing peers, but it took a while before we kind of found the bottom of destocking before really kind of numbers bottomed and kind of accelerated last year maybe there's some unique dynamics around that. And I think investors and some of us have [indiscernible] from this. Can you just talk about your visibility into that destocking concluding and maybe kind of the order book, how firm the order book is the back half of this year?
Bernard Birkett: Yes. So Jacob, just on the order book, when we look at the order book for the back half of the year and compare where we are today versus where we were pre-COVID. The order book actually looks stronger, and so we're a bit ahead of where we thought we would be on that compared to pre-COVID trends and rates. So that's giving us a level of confidence in the back half and seeing that I won't say a rebound, but the acceleration trending back to our normal construct growth rates. And so that based on that analysis, we don't see it as being a long-term problem. We would expect we get through it this year and as we said in the back half trending towards into that construct, particularly in Q4.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin of Bank of America.
Derik De Bruin: So can we talk a little bit about the margin cadence and just how to think about this and obviously, you're suffering from some headwinds from Kinston not being fully utilized. It sounds like you're taking some headwind from proprietary products. How should we think about the margin impact and exiting 2024, I mean, assuming that this doesn't linger to the last analyst question that this doesn't linger in you, do have some visibility in back half of the year. Are we back at a more normalized margin rate exiting the year?
Bernard Birkett: Yes. Derik, that's what we would expect to see. Q1, obviously, is going to be pressured from a margin point of view based on what we're seeing from a revenue perspective, if we see a high correlation there. But again, we do see it trending back to more normal rates of operating margin as we progress through the year and it will be a gradual shift, I think, quarter-over-quarter.
Derik De Bruin: Got it. But just more on the -- just sort of any help, that's fine. I'll do that. And then can we talk about pricing? I mean, you've enjoyed better-than-expected pricing for the last couple of years? Is that sustainable, or are you getting pushback from customers?
Eric Green: Yes, Derik. I mean, I know last year, we were between 5% to 6% as we guided the year before. I think we're between 3% and 4%. Before that, as you know, the history of this company, we're probably 1% or 2%. We're not returning back to the history levels. So we're probably more near the 3-plus mark from a net price contribution. And just to be clear, any mix shift that occurs, we do not classify that as price. So this is pure price net price contribution.
Derik De Bruin: Got it. And I appreciate the commentary on the 75% of this is tied to 6 customers. I mean, your level of confidence that you can get sort of like the pickup in 2Q that you're seeing and going forward? I mean just like is there a chance that this gets moved out again that there is not going to take stuff, I mean, since you were surprised as last time. I mean, you're a little bit more limited and say what the bioprocessing vendors are going through just given the breadth of the CDMOs and things are there. So can you just sort of like what are your conversations with these people, your level of confidence? I mean do you get surprised again?
Eric Green: Yes. It's absolutely a continued focus for us, Derik, absolutely. I mean, we're not pleased with the impact it's had on us. We pride ourselves we have pretty much access to a large part of the market. And however, based on the conversations and the data we've been looking at with our customers, there will be some still in Q2 that has some destocking, but not as pronounced in Q1. So it's really, most of it that we're seeing is really a Q1 phenomenon.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Larew of William Blair.
Matt Larew: Asking about the order book here. I think one thing we saw on the bioprocessing side is at some point during that saga, company started referencing green shoots or early indicators of ordering demand and then just took longer for some of those orders to convert or for sort of the green shoots to turn into a dollar signs. So just understanding that the order book is outpacing pre-pandemic levels, good coverage. What sort of the level of confidence, whether that's written contractually or something else that sort of order activity today will convert to revenue dollars in the P&L as you see them coming in.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. Once the orders are confirmed at this stage, we've pressure tested a lot of that. So we have a good level of confidence that they will convert into revenues in that period. So I think we've done a lot of pressure testing here over the last month or 2 to make sure that that is the case. So that will be our expectation and that's what we're basing our level of confidence on. Again, the order book will continue to build as we move through the year, but as I said, we are ahead of where we were pre-pandemic.
Matt Larew: Okay. And then another piece of this was, I think you said 1% from HVP manufacturing capacity. And I think if we dial back to Kinston and bringing some of that capacity online, obviously, you end up catching up a little quicker than you initially thought. What sort of the scope of this capacity expansion and sort of the past year to get it back to where you want to be?
Eric Green: Yes. So specifically on what percent down is new lines, also automation or putting it into our HVP devices. These are the proprietary devices that we've manufactured like SelfDose and SmartDose for our customers, and these are combination devices approved with a specific drug molecule with our customers. So when you think about that specific area that's ongoing right now of expansion, additional capacity brought in the demand is there in hand and we need to be able to get caught up to build to support our customers. And so that is on us to make sure that we execute and get that up and running in 2024 validated. We expect that to actually commercial revenues in the second half of 2024 for those specific products. From a components perspective, Kinston and other sites, our lead times are very good, and that was more of last year, getting them validated and up and running. The HVP processing that we referenced about this year that we'll have further completion and validation. That has really help us support customers as they do a mix shift to the higher end of HVP and also future drug launches that could have larger volumes than we anticipated due to kind of what we call breakout drugs, right, certain categories. So we're positioning ourselves well to be able to support that growth that we anticipate coming in the near future.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Sourbeer of UBS.
John Sourbeer: Maybe just dialing in on the HVPs there on the last question. I think they were around 75% of mix in 4Q. I mean, is that the right level to think about for 2024, or are there dynamics in play that could make shift up, or down with the destocking and the new capacity for the year?
Bernard Birkett: John, it's relatively the same percentage plus or minus because the destocking is kind of across broad categories. And when we look at growth in our business, particularly in the proprietary, it is led by the high-value products in the component side. That is leading to growth. As you know that we are in a very attractive injectable market and one of the best the fastest-growing subsegment within the injectable space is biologics. Our participation rate remains very high, continues to be so. And that's where a lot of the HVP growth is occurring which is causing a mix shift on the margin. So we anticipate that to be still robust percentage of our overall portfolio.
John Sourbeer: Appreciate that. And then I guess, specific to the destocking trends in the various proprietary product segments, I think pharma and generic saw this impact first and then now it's more broad in the biologics. Do you expect the pharma side to recover faster followed by biologics, or just any additional details on a segment perspective.
Eric Green: Yes. That's good questions. You're absolutely spot on. But when we look at the destocking effect that's happened for us in the first half of this year, it is across multiple market segments. So it's both, it's not just the generics and pharma, but also in some cases, in the biologics. So I would say that for us and where we are in the value chain, is pretty much across all 3 sectors, we talk about biologics, pharma and generics.
John Sourbeer: I guess just on the recovery there, do you expect them all to come back similarly, or is one you see the big green shoots more impacting one segment versus another?
Bernard Birkett: Very similar of all three, very similar staging coming back.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Justin Bowers of Deutsche Bank.
Justin Bowers: So I have a 2-parter here. But first, I wanted to clarify the cadence in the prepared remarks. I thought I heard products would be positive in 2Q and overall would be positive. So I just wanted to clarify that. And then sort of the step-up from 2Q to 3Q on growth? And then, the follow-up question would be just on the order book. You said it has a higher coverage ratio than pre-pandemic levels. Can you just help, is that sort of like a forward 12-month or forward 6 months, or just how do you guys look at it internally and across which businesses? Help us understand what that.
Bernard Birkett: Answering your first question, yes, we would expect proprietary to return to positive growth in Q2. As we said, it's going to step up over the years, so we're not going to see a huge spike anomaly. So again, there's still a level of destocking. So probably low single-digit growth in proprietary. And then on a consolidated basis, also, we would see returning to growth in Q2. And then looking at the order book, we're really looking at on a 12-month basis. So rolling 12 months.
Justin Bowers: Okay. Thank you. That's helpful. And then just to clarify on the margins, too. I'm getting to, it looks like if I sort of back into the EPS guide, with a normalized tax rate, I'm still getting to roughly 90 to 100 basis points of margin expansion on the low end. Is that the right math, or is there some other dynamics in play there that I'm missing here?
Bernard Birkett: For the year?
Justin Bowers: Yes.
Bernard Birkett: No, we would expect operating margin to be flat year-over-year, yes.
Operator: Our next comes from the line of David Windley of Jefferies.
David Windley: Around the horn here. I wanted to ask a couple of follow-ups. Eric, just to clarify for the broader audience. When you talk about participation rate, I interpret that to mean that you're expecting on the product. You and I have talked about how on big customer, big important products West likes to be in a position of a sole-source position. Can you help us to translate or translate between participation and share.
Eric Green: Yes. When we say participation rate is that when we are our customers when they file their regulatory filings, it is pointing towards the West product. that's in their filings. And therefore, we tend to have a pretty, let's say, share, it's usually a very large percentage of that, if not all. Do customers in the market look at a secondary source and/or test for that secondary source, yes. But when we look at our participation rate, it tends to be a pretty large share of the volume of the doses basically. So that's what we mean by participation. It's a win rate for us, Dave. And it's pretty consistent historically, and we've been tracking that. For both ourselves, and our partners, Daikyo at the molecule level, absolutely.
David Windley: Got it. And then you've talked about, your market share is 70%. That's not a number that really has changed in a very long time, maybe even higher than that. You've talked about participation biologics being 90% or better. Just elephant in the room, I suppose in a competitor's conference call recently talked about a project that they have been included on of a recently launched large molecule, sounds GLP-1, sounds very significant and sounds a little bit like a market share take. I gather that your prepared remarks, we're kind of addressing that, but I just want to throw it out there and ask for more specificity about your participation rate in GLP-1s.
Eric Green: Yes. No, our participation rate in GLP-1 is very strong. And there might be other components that are used in the final packaging configuration that are provided by someone else in the market that's been historically true. But the way we are positioned with our customers in that particular space is very strong on proprietary components but also on the contract manufacturing side. So I would say that in all cases, when you look at a final primary packaging containment, there's multiple elements that go into it. Hence, the reason why we're driving towards more of an integrated system approach as we've been talking about building towards. We would like to have more components than just 1 or 2 items on that whole system. So yes, others will probably be participate with their own products, but I'm pretty -- I feel really comfortable where we are with our position.
David Windley: Got it. And then, last question for me. From a capital allocation standpoint, maybe a two-parter, I apologize. You've talked about CapEx. You've talked about a lot of that being growth that CapEx number continues to be relatively high in 2024. I guess I want to kind of understand to what extent you're catching up on capacity. You've talked about long lead times, you talked about demand and hand things like that, or is there a risk of some mismatch of capacity as you're spending still aggressively on CapEx? And then, in terms of alternative uses of free cash flow, stock is going to get dislocated on this news. You bought back stock in 2023. How aggressively might management want to step in and buy back stock as a sign of confidence in the long-term growth outlook. Thank you.
Eric Green: Dave, let me address the first part and then maybe I'll turn it over to Bernard on the second part. When I look at the capital that we have in front of us today for 2024, the $350 million. It is true that we would like to be able to get our capital as a percentage of sales back to the high single-digit range. However, while 70-plus percent of our capital is still around growth. These are commitments that our customers were working with, whether it's near term or more midterm, that we need to build support. So in the contract manufacturing side, it's very clear, it's very near term. These are contracts we have agreed upon for a number of years ahead of us that we need to get the installed capacity in place immediately so we can start producing product for them. On the proprietary side, we are anticipating future growth with new drug launches that are occurring and will occur and based on the volumes that we've been asked to be able to support, these are the types of investments we need to make. So, for example, HVP processing is not just a NovaPure play, but it's the ability to take our HVP portfolio and support the growth not just on the volume, but also new drug launches, any particular categories that are going to have outsized growth rates. And then also on this mix shift effect that is on us today due to regulatory changes requiring higher quality, lower particulates to meet these regulations that are going in place. So those are the drivers why we feel good, confident about the investments we're making because we know the return on these investments are very positive for us and obviously for our customers. And that's the lens that we currently have. Do you want to, Bernard, touch on the capital?
Bernard Birkett: Yes. Dave, I think it's important for us to deploy CapEx in this way, it takes time for us to layer in capacity. It takes 12 to 24 months. And so based on just back to Eric's comments, what we're seeing from a demand perspective, we need to layer that in at this time. So we don't actually run into long lead times like we experienced in COVID and then it's difficult to respond to growth in the market and not capture all the opportunities. So that's thinking behind layering in this capacity. And again, it's around very specific areas. And we do expect our CapEx to kind of level off here possibly after 2024 because we have a lot of the investment on. And again, it's a very deliberate and disciplined approach to capital deployment. We review it on a regular basis. And based on all the analysis we have feedback or input from our customers, but we need to continue deploying as we've outlined in 2024 to be prepped for the next number of years. Was there another part of that question?
David Windley: Share repurchase?
Bernard Birkett: Yes. On the buyback, again, we have a very deliberate process as to how we deploy the buyback. And we review that on a quarterly basis to see where we are, and we will continue to do that. and to deploy it where and when appropriate.
Quintin Lai: We have time for just one more question.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Larry Solow of CJS Securities.
Larry Solow: There it is. Thank you. Long wait there, worth the wait. I guess just a couple, first of all, Eric, thank you for a really good description of sort of not a great subject, but the impact of the lower sales outlook, really appreciate that. I guess kind of just switching gears to a couple of topics. Can you just give us a little more follow-up on, a little more color just on the -- you mentioned an ongoing sort of regulatory shift. Has this accelerated in terms of requirements for low particulate. And is that something that's going to drive some of the legacy products to have to switch maybe over, or is that just driving more on new products coming to the market?
Eric Green: Yes, Larry, it's a good question, thanks for that, and thanks for your patience.
Larry Solow: Absolutely.
Eric Green: No, absolutely. So there's a regulatory shift that's occurring called Annex 1, really being driven out of Europe, but it's going to obviously be a driver for a lot of the multinationals because of the requirements across the globe. And what that means is that we have a pretty large part of our portfolio. We mentioned in the neighbor of billions of components we produce each year that when we classify a standard that would be required to move up what we classify as high-value product portfolio to be able to service some higher quality lower particulates to meet these regulations. Now when you look at our HVP mix shift historically, we talked about it for a number of years. The success of that mix shift of West for the last several years has been on really new molecules, particularly in the biologics as more volume and demand goes in that particular segment, it's higher ASP, higher margin. And we've been seeing that benefit at West for a number of years. What we're seeing going forward that continue to because of our because of the participation rate that we have with these new launches. We also now, because the regulatory changes are being enforced and policies are being changed it will require a mix shift effect of existing drugs in the market. So that's a great opportunity for us to work with our customers were necessary to be able to transition them into a more appropriate packaging configuration that allows them to meet or exceed all the standards. So we're quite excited about this opportunity. We look at some of the investments that we need to make [indiscernible] support it, particularly on the HVP processing. We're very much aligned to where the market is going. And if I would just share one more comment, historically here at West, when we introduced new products or capabilities particularly on our last [Indiscernible] components, it's usually coincide with the regulatory change. So as the regulations have evolved over time, our portfolio has evolved with and exceeded those requirements, which has always put us in a good position. They'll support our customers and ultimately their patients. So I'm feeling good about this that we're ready to be able to address this this item, but it will take several years. It's not a 1-year event or a 2-year event. It does take several years, but we're ready to go on that.
Larry Solow: It sounds like it's a layer in some extra growth on an annual basis if it comes to fruition over a multiple year period. But if I could squeak one more in, just on the devices and reaching 10% of proprietary high-value price sales. I think that's a nice significant milestone. Is that driven more by SmartDose, SelfDose, is that the combination of two, what's really driving that growth going forward?
Eric Green: It's interesting. It's actually through all of them, but the biggest drivers have been last year, and we're actually quite excited. Our administration systems, our admin systems continues to grow well. We just relaunched a new version of our [indiscernible] 2-millimeter, which partners real well to 20-millimeter into the hospital health care market. In the SelfDose, we're seeing a nice uptick demand in that category with discrete customers and their drug launches. And then, in SmartDose is an area that we've been focused on for a number of years, but we're at a point now of inflection on volume growth that we have to get ahead of the curve. And that is an area that we're laser focused on right now. We have a dedicated team with new automated equipment coming online so we can remove the manual processes, allows us to be more efficient, higher volume, higher quality to be able to support the growth of these launches. So it is kind of across multiple areas, and it's exciting to see it starting to gain traction.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference back to Quintin Lai for closing remarks. Sir?
Quintin Lai: Thank you, Latif. And thank you for joining us on today's conference call. An archive online archive of the broadcast will be available on our website at westpharma.com.com in the Investors section Additionally, you may access a replay for 30 days following the presentation by using the dial-in numbers and conference ID provided at the end of today's earnings release. That concludes today's call. Have a nice day.
Operator: Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-10 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Westrock Coffee Company's Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference call. My name is Tanya, and I'll be coordinating your call today. Following prepared remarks we will open your call to questions with instructions to be given at that time. I would now like to hand it over to Clay Crumbliss with ICR.
Clay Crumbliss: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Westrock Coffee Company's third quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. With us are Mr. Scott Ford, Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Chris Pledger, Chief Financial Officer. By now, everyone should have access to the company's third quarter earnings release issued earlier today. This information is available on the Investor Relations section of Westrock Coffee Company's website at investors.westrockcoffee.com. Certain comments made on this call include forward-looking statements, which are subject to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs concerning future events and are subject to several risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to today's press releases and other filings with the SEC for a more detailed discussion of the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements made today. Also, discussions during the call will use some non-GAAP financial measures as we describe business performance. The SEC filings as well as the earnings press release provide reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. And with that, it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Scott Ford, our Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer. Scott?
Scott Ford: Thank you, Clay and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I'll be the first to acknowledge that our third quarter this year looks like a bit of a mess as a variance from our targeted performance of roughly $20 million in adjusted EBITDA for the period and our reported results of $11.6 million appears quite large at first glance. That said, I think it's critically important to call out that virtually 100% of the miss comes from two distinct causes that were unique to the period. First, over $6 million of the miss happened in July and August alone in our traditional roast and ground coffee unit, where these customers ordered fewer pounds in this period than they did in the depths of COVID. As we work with them and our forecast analysts, we were repeatedly informed that the spike in gasoline prices, coupled with the spike in interest rates, combined with a measurably hot summer kept consumers out of restaurants and C-stores in the first two months of the quarter.  Fortunately, September was largely back to normal versus prior years in roast and ground coffee volumes and October and early November are coming in at normal levels as well. So this appears to me to have been the same transient crunch that happened last year when gasoline prices spiked as oil went above $85 a barrel and demand came back for coffee as soon as oil prices retreated a bit. Secondly, as Chris will detail in a few moments, we incurred almost $2 million of expenses during this quarter that were associated offsets to prior periods, further compounding the stated performance GAAP. And I fully realize that GAAP does not allow us to go back and add these items back, if you will. But in terms of clearly laying out what is going on in our business, this $8 million of combined EBITDA pressure equates to 100% of our adjusted EBITDA miss for the quarter compared to the updated guidance we gave you after our second quarter. We will continue to head down to deliver all that we can in 2023, looking for ways to drive revenues up and costs down. Turning now to the Conway extract and RTD plan. I want to commend and thank the team that has tirelessly fought to convert that plant and distribution facility from rendering on the drawing board to the finest facilities of their type in the country in what has to be record time. It has been a joint effort of Westrock employees, professional service providers, equipment vendors, customer product development, QA and procurement leaders and the two primary general contractors involved, Nabholz Construction and Clark Construction Co. Each individual involved is dedicated to the successful completion, product commercialization, and operational launch of this new $300 million extract and ready-to-drink facility in Conway. Which is on schedule to successfully begin commercial production of finished product in the second quarter of 2024. This Conway facility is coming online just as we have essentially now finished selling out 100% of our extract manufacturing capacity in Concord North Caroline.  So overall, while it is a bit of a difficult time for the core coffee market, where we continue to compete for customer volumes as they ebb and flow through the seasons and gasoline price generations, it is an absolutely glorious time to be in the extract and RTD space as our new customer and product extensions continue to expand and where we are about to open our third extracted ingredient factory, with the first two being sold out of capacity. For example, at this point, we have sold out almost 100% of our capacity on four of the initial six packaging lines, and we are over 50% sold out on the remaining two initial lines in the combined Richmond, California and Conway, Arkansas plans. And as Chris will describe in a few moments, we're working on some new ways to keep the investing public current on our progress inside the plants when we roll out our guidance for 2024 early next year.  Now we do not expect most of this capacity in Conway to come online in commercial volumes, which is what produces EBITDA and until the very end of 2024 and early 2025. But we are confident that the four to five year forecasted EBITDA generation of Westrock, with these assets fully online remains right on track with our previous estimate at around $200 million of annual adjusted EBITDA. With that, I'll turn the call over to Chris for a review of our current operations and financial results.
Chris Pledger: Thanks, Scott and good afternoon, everyone. I'll begin my remarks by providing an overview of our third quarter results and end with an update on our 2023 outlook and our outlook once our Conway extract and RTD facility is launched and operating at scale. Total company net sales for the third quarter were $219.6 million compared to $230.3 million for the third quarter of 2022. This 5% decrease was driven by a 25% decrease in net sales for our sustainable sourcing and traceability segment, partially offset by 2% growth in our Beverage Solutions segment. Consolidated gross profit, excluding the impact of $1.2 million of mark-to-market adjustment and the $1.8 million of out of carrier charges, Scott mentioned, was approximately $38 million for the quarter. The out-of-period charges impacted our Beverage Solutions segment and related to the recognition of green coffee costs, which were associated with coffee that was consumed and sold in a prior period. Consolidated gross profit for the third quarter of 2022 was $41.1 million, included $0.5 million of noncash mark-to-market loss. Consolidated adjusted EBITDA was $11.6 million compared to $17.9 million for the third quarter of 2022.  On a segment basis, our Beverage Solutions segment contributed $176.8 million of net sales for the third quarter of 2023, which represented year-over-year growth of 2%. Adjusted EBITDA for the third quarter was $9.9 million compared to $15.9 million for the prior year third quarter. Removing the impact of the $1.8 million of out-of-period charges, adjusted EBITDA for the third quarter would have been approximately $12 million. While we're disappointed with our third quarter results, the underperformance versus the previous year was largely driven by consumer demand for roast and ground coffee in July and the first half of August. Like others in our space, demand for hot flat coffee in the third quarter was significantly down compared to the prior year, driven by higher gas and food prices and extremely hot temperatures across most of the U.S. On the positive side, we grew sales in our flavors, extracts and ingredients platform by approximately 70% year-over-year and our single-serve platform continues to see improvement driven by the pricing and operational improvement we highlighted on our last earnings call. Although we might not be excited about our third quarter results, we're very excited about the performance of our business and what that means for the future as roast and ground volumes normalize and our single-serve and extract platforms continue to grow.  Turning to our SS&T segment, sales net of intersegment revenues were $42.8 million during the third quarter of 2023, a decrease of 25% compared to the third quarter of 2022. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $1.7 million, which is $300,000 less than the prior year third quarter. You recall that net sales in our SS&T segment will fluctuate up and down based on the movement of the global price of Arabica coffee, and that our profit in this segment is largely based on the fixed dollar margin we make above that price. This is why you can have such a large downward swing in net sales versus the same quarter last year, while adjusted EBITDA is largely in line with what we generated versus same quarter last year. With respect to our capital expenditures, during the third quarter, we deployed approximately $56 million of CAPEX, primarily related to our Conway extract and RTD facility. And at quarter end, we had approximately $174 million of consolidated unrestricted cash and undrawn revolving credit commitments. Our consolidated net leverage ratio at September 30th, was 4.6 times based on LTM adjusted EBITDA.  Turning to our outlook for 2023, our performance in the third quarter undoubtedly impacts our expectations for full fiscal year 2023 adjusted EBITDA. While we expect roast and ground volumes to continue to improve through the end of the year, and we expect continued solid performance from both our single-serve and extracts platform, we do anticipate that fiscal 2023 adjusted EBITDA will fall below the previously provided guidance range. Our current expectation for full year 2023 adjusted EBITDA is $45 million to $50 million. We do, however, expect adjusted EBITDA to return to more normalized level in 2024. Now with respect to our extract and RTD facility, while it's impossible for us to accurately risk the timing of the EBITDA ramp we will experience as the facility begins production in the first half of 2024, we remain confident in our ability to deliver around $200 million of consolidated adjusted EBITDA in fiscal 2027 as we continue on pace with the sales, contracting and product commercialization efforts required to deliver that number. We'll update you on all of this and more in our 2024 guidance call early in the new year. With that, I'll hand the call back over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question will come from Ben Bienvenu of Stephens Incorporated. Your line is open.
Jack Hardin: Hello. This is Jack Hardin on for Ben Bienvenu. With what you can see in the flavors and extracts market today, is the demand there subject to the same volatility that you've witnessed during the quarter in your roast and ground business?
Scott Ford: That's a good question. I appreciate where you're coming from on it. It's actually a very different economic being, if you will. It's a different set of contracts, it's a very different type of product flow, it's a very different product forecast flow because it's a consumer product good that goes to a shelf directly versus people driving through and people trying to guess what they're going to do whether they buy coffee or just as part of the value mill or just buy a biscuit, etcetera, etcetera. And when gas prices go up, they tend to soften up on that pretty quickly. You can see across the industry that RTD, like every other beverage had a soft third quarter across the industry, but nothing like hot coffee itself experiences in terms of seasonal fluctuation or fluctuations around gas prices. It is a much more stable business, and it is a much more contractually driven business than the core roast and ground coffee business.
Jack Hardin: Okay, great, thank you. And then one quick follow-up. How do you feel about the balance sheet at present and how has that view changed with throughout the quarter?
Scott Ford: Well, it hasn't changed. We feel -- we've got plenty of room and frankly, if you look at where we're running and what we expect to run, taking July and August hot coffee out and this is a little complicated. But in a quarter where we made $17 million last year, we were close to $20 million this year without the two items I took you through. So as you roll through where we're running apart from those two months, from a credit perspective, we think we've got plenty of room. But I know for certain that if we ran into any issue whatsoever finishing out Conway, we have multiple sources lined up wanting to be part of this capital structure, to be part of this adventure, if you will because the Conway numbers are frankly stunning in terms of what they're going to add to this business and bridging it or financing it in any way, shape, form or fashion that is needed to finish that off. We're highly confident we can get that done. And as we said on our last call, this is the last common equity you're going to see us raise which we raised this last summer to finish. And we didn't know exactly how July and August were going to come in, but even that performance doesn't change that answer.
Jack Hardin: Makes sense. Thank you so much. I will hop back in the queue.
Operator: And one moment for our next question. And our next question will come from Todd Brooks of the Benchmark Company. Your line is open Todd. 
Todd Brooks: Hey, thanks for taking my questions. Scott, I'd love to lead off with one for you, if I could. We're getting on four or five quarters as a public company here. Just as you're looking in the rearview, knowing that we've got Conway in front of us, just can you comment on kind of the lack of predictability that we've seen in the business over this time frame and what it takes to return to a more predictable nature in your kind of core roast and ground business and the non-FE&I portion of beverage solutions?
Scott Ford: It's a totally fair question. First of all, you look at the performance of the business overall over the last year, and you've got essentially two things going on. You have in the single-serve business and in the systems integration, the first part of the year where we were putting in a new accounting and information system in Concord, which is the roast and ground and extract business. You had $5 million to $10 million of cost this year related to those two things, which are, for the most part, now out of the run rate. So you look at single-serve where we were basically overrun with orders beyond the equipment. We had to get equipment in. It was late bringing it in. We paid penalties, we suffered the charges of that. We ran 24/7 over time. All of that was in the first part of the year. In the last five months of the year, that business is right on plan, clicking along just like we told you.  So if you look at the extract business, flavors, extracts and ingredients and I'll heed your question and keep going, that, that business is up 70% over the quarter same period last year. So single serve is doing exactly what we told you it would do. Flavors extraction ingredients is doing exactly what we told you would do. The hot black coffee business is a very complicated business, where we had a very, very, very good year last year, and we've had a bit of a tough year this year, but you take out the demand forecast. Now these are the biggest companies in the world, biggest restaurant and C-store change. We follow their demand forecast. The gas price spike, the interest rate spike in the summer and the demand destruction that created at their restaurants and in their shelves surprised them as much as it surprised us. So I guess some points in time in hot black coffee, you're going to have periods of time like that. But if we hadn't had that happened to us, you'd be sitting here saying, well done, you're up 15% year-over-year. Tell me more about Conway. It's just like you just go through it. I've had quarters where we've been pleased and I'm no genius, and we've got quarters when we're disappointed, and we're not idiots. It's just part of a commodity processing business where you don't have contractual rights to make people buy product.
Todd Brooks: That's great, Scott. And thanks for the candor. Chris, I was wondering if you could walk us through the bridge to the new EBITDA guidance kind of you laid out the $8 million shortfall in the quarter to plan. But at the midpoint of the range, we're talking more of a -- it looks like an incremental $8 million guide down to EBITDA expectations in 4Q, can we walk through what's behind that dip from the prior outlook?
Chris Pledger: Yes, I think at the end of the day, I think you're starting to see more normalization, both in roast and ground and you're starting to see more normalization in single-serve and growth and extract. But if you go from kind of where you started, you're starting at a lower base. And so we expect continued growth in those platforms throughout the fourth quarter. But your -- that growth will flow underneath our expectation whenever we updated our guidance over the -- at the end of the second quarter call.
Todd Brooks: Okay. Great. And the final one for maybe, Scott. On Conway, can you walk us through if there's been any change in the commercialization timing or the EBITDA extraction, I think on the last call, we talked about maybe an extraction that we extract 10% of the EBITDA opportunity that Conway eventually represents in fiscal 2024, are we still tracking towards being able to generate $20 million of EBITDA?
Scott Ford: Here's where we are, and let's be super candid. In terms of the things that we have to do, is the equipment in, are the systems in, is the plumbing in, are the products ready to go, are people ready to go? All of that is on or ahead of schedule. Now we come into the period of time when the customer chooses how much they want to commercialize, how many SKUs they want to commercialize and when they want to do it, and they have to do that and they get to do that over a year. So there are no penalties in the year of start-up, and they select when they come in. So if they all come in, in the second quarter, we will blow that away. We will run through the roof on our -- against that kind of guidance. But if they all delay until late in the year or first part of 2025, which they contractually can then that won't happen in 2024. Now you're asking me what are my customers going to do in the commercialization, start-up selection that they alone control. I don't know, but they have a year to turn it up, which -- so it's very easy for me to tell you what we've got signed up for 2025. It's very difficult for me to tell you how that will phase in, in 2024.
Todd Brooks: Okay, fair enough. I will jump back in queue. Thanks. 
Operator: And one moment for our next question. And our next question will come from Matt Smith of Stifel. Your line is open Matt. 
Matt Smith: Hi, good afternoon Scott and Chris. Thanks for taking my questions. If I could start with a question around hot coffee and I appreciate your commentary so far. But I'm surprised by the volatility in the business, especially the impact on EBITDA. Can you talk about the ordering patterns from your customers, do you have a sense of if they were carrying excess inventory into the quarter and that factored into why there was such a severe reduction here in the third quarter, perhaps there was a bit of inventory normalization to go along with the softness in the consumption that you saw?
Scott Ford: Sure. I think let's take it into two parts. The first one is the variance in revenue and the impact on EBITDA. Well, that is in fact, in that part of our business where you really are a scaled core processing of commodity manufacturer, revenue ripple-through there is pronounced and direct as you would expect. When it comes to what we're going on with our customers, they were carrying inventory and the forecast they had for us caused us to build inventory. So at the end of the day, the whole system was full as we went into the summer and the summer was literally, we sold -- you may have to make an amended filing for this. But the whole miss was in hot coffee dollar for dollar from July and August. I mean it was stunning. And people said, as we've talked and getting ready for this quarter, I think a fair question is, well, why did you wait until the end of the quarter? Well, we're not Walmart. We don't report revenues on a monthly basis. But this quarter was in trouble in July. We didn't really realize how deeply we thought, well, that's some timing. But by the time August had closed when we were into September, we realized there is nothing you can do to save cost and get out of a commodity processing business quick enough when they just literally don't order anything.
Matt Smith: I appreciate that. And then one of the hallmarks of the business was your long-tenured relationships with your customers. I think you had a number of your largest customers, you've been doing business with for many, many years. Have you seen any customer turnover there or is this really just related to consumption and inventory trends in the quarter?
Scott Ford: This is 100% driven by the same set of customers doing less business year-over-year.
Matt Smith: Okay. And then if I could transition over to talking about Conway. It's clear the opportunity there is compelling as we look out to 2027. You talked about $200 million for the full business. It sounded like that was your view of Westrock in 2027. Previously, you talked about $150 million to $175 million incremental EBITDA from the facility...
Scott Ford: We said $125 million to $150 million on Conway. That's if you go back to last quarter and the previous, that was up from 100 when we went public. So we upped it from $100 million to $125 million to $150 million. Hard to know exactly how to fold in, but the number we're actually targeting is 200 plus or minus in 2027. And so those are the numbers, just go ahead and finish your question. I want to make sure we're on the same page there, though.
Matt Smith: No, that's perfect. I appreciate that. And then one last one here. The contracts you have in place today, you've talked about you've sold out 100% and then 50% of the remaining lines that are being built out, understanding that there is some time line shift there based on when customers can decide to order. But can you talk about the structure of those contracts many co-manufacturers have a take-or-pay structure, are you trying to set that up with your customers or do they get to determine the volume as well as the timing?
Scott Ford: Yes, some of them do and some of them don't, but for the most part, the large ones, where if someone comes in as an anchor tenant, they do. They do have a form of take-or-pay.
Matt Smith: Thats really helpful. I will leave it there and pass it on. Appreciate the help. 
Operator: And one moment for our next question. Our next question will be coming from Joseph Feldman of Telsey Advisory Group. Your line is open. 
Joseph Feldman: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question. I'm on for Sarang Vora today. A couple of follow-ups there. So we're sitting here today on November 9th and as you think about the fourth quarter, like, I guess what are you guys thinking about right now and what are you worried about, it seems like you kind of had a sense back on when you reported last quarter that this hot coffee was a pressure in July, but it really didn't come up and I'm just wondering what's not coming up right now or what should we be aware of that could be of concern for this fourth quarter and into next year?
Scott Ford: Sure. Well, that's why we went on and gave you an update in our prepared remarks which we don't normally do, where we give you insight into the order book in October and November. So September, part of the third quarter, was back to 90% plus of the prior year. October was a write back at the prior year and November right now is running a little bit ahead. So we gave you that guidance so that you could see that as soon as gas prices came back down a little bit, people went back to their traditional buying patterns, and we lay over last year's results. We track it every day for the last several years, and we're laying right on top of previous years now. That could stop again if gasoline goes to $85 and Christmas spending comes on, there could be something like that, that we don't see right now. That's not coming through at the moment.  What we're doing in terms of the coffee business is this, we changed out the accounting and, if you will, management information systems. It's taken us many months to do that. We've actually just now started being able to get to some of the reports where the machines themselves are wired up so that we have all of the waste and throughput data off each machine. These are the things that we did in the single-serve plant last summer, which is why we know basically very early on in the month, what we're likely to make because we've got the algorithms down now by machine, by operator. We're putting all of that in the old S&D roast and ground business over the next few months. I expect that we'll see material improvement in the operating metrics of that facility once that system is finished. So that's the answer to your question. What are you worried about? Well, I'm worried about things I don't know about as always. And then what are you working on? We're rehanging the information system in roast and ground, the same way we did single serve, in the same way we are setting Conway up from the very beginning, so that we have that level of detail to manage the business going forward.
Joseph Feldman: Got it, that's really helpful, thank you. And then just one more follow-up, I guess from a total sales perspective, you've talked about the EBITDA pressures in the fourth quarter. But any other puts and takes we should think about with regard to sales for this coming quarter and really even at the start of next year, we're hearing from a lot of other companies that they're concerned about slower demand, and I'm not quite sure that applies to coffee, but just wanted to get your thoughts on it?
Chris Pledger: Well, we're not -- in terms of what we've seen so far in the fourth quarter, I think it's kind of a continuation of what we saw in September. So we're not seeing anything like that yet. I think you continue to have from an SS&T perspective, you're selling lower priced or you're selling coffee that comes in at a lower global commodity price. And so for SS&T, for example, you saw a significant decrease in the net sales of the business, but the EBITDA year-over-year is flat. And so you'll likely see significant decrease in net sales in SS&T coming into the fourth quarter, but you won't see -- but you'll continue to see EBITDA flat. You're not going to see EBITDA drop off because of that. But in our Beverage Solutions segment, I think you're going to continue to see the same kind of sales flow that you saw -- that we saw in September.
Joseph Feldman: Got it, thats helpful. Thanks so much guys. Appreciate it. Good luck with the quarter. 
Scott Ford: Thank you. 
Operator: I would now like to turn the conference back to Scott Ford for closing remarks.
Scott Ford: Well, thank you. I appreciate everybody hopping on this afternoon. I'd simply highlight what Chris and I had mentioned earlier, the third quarter was about a disappointing roast and ground coffee volume. Early in the quarter, we were pleased to see it come back. It continues to come back into the fourth quarter. That's as much visibility as we've got. So we're sharing it with you so that you can make your own assessment. We then look at the Conway facility coming online early next year. That is on time. I think it's important to remember this. We have filled out two extracted -- flavor, extract, and ingredient plant, one in Richmond, California that we bought a couple -- a year or so ago and the one in North Carolina they are full. We have more demand than we can make product for right now. Conway will not only package, but it will also manufacture extract to relieve that pressure.  And the growth we've experienced there, which is up 70% year-over-year for the period, we're going to roll that same growth into Conway and the Conway facility alone, which is probably 70% contracted out right now, is capable of making twice the EBITDA of the entire enterprise on its own, and I expect it to do that. And we will be bringing you some metrics to follow along with us along the lines of percentage of completion, number of SKUs that are in commercialization, what kind of volumes that we've got, we'll try to give you some feel for that as we start the plant up so you can follow along and help do your own math, given really our lack of ability to forecast it because of the wide range of start-up window time that our customers have. And I'll just conclude by saying this, if they go to the end of their window, then we will make some more money next year than we made this year, and we will tough it out and rough it along. And if they come to the front of the window, it's very hard to get your mind around how fast the EBITDA of this business could explode to the upside. But nobody cares until we do it, we're on to that. We will get it done. Thank you for tuning in, and I look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the DTE Energy Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And now at this time, I would like to turn things over to Ms. Barbara Tuckfield, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am. 
Barbara Tuckfield: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Before we get started, I would like to remind you to read the safe harbor statement on Page two of the presentation, including the reference to forward-looking statements. Our presentation also includes references to operating earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please refer to the reconciliation of GAAP earnings to operating earnings provided in the appendix. With us this morning are Gerry Norcia, Chairman and CEO; and Dave Ruud, Executive Vice President and CFO. And now I'll turn it over to Gerry to start the call this morning. 
Gerry Norcia: Well, thanks, Barb, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. This morning, I will be discussing the achievements we've made so far this year and provide a general business update. I'll discuss the progress of our regulatory proceedings including the details of our IRP settlement. Dave will provide a financial update and wrap things up before we take your questions. Before we dive in, I want to take this opportunity to touch on some recent appointments to our regulatory commission here in Michigan. Governor Whitmer extended Chair Dan Scripps term an additional six years to 2029. The reappointment of Chair Scripps provides consistency and regulatory leadership and we appreciate the balance he has always brought to the commission. We congratulate Chair Scripps and look forward to continuing to work with them. Governor Whitmer also appointed Alessandra Carillon as a new commissioner to the MPSC, filling the vacant role left by Germain Phillips. We look forward to working with her as she comes to his position with a strong background in electrification.  Moving on to Slide 4. We remain committed to supporting and delivering for all our stakeholders, including employees, customers, communities and shareholders. I always say that employee engagement drives our success, and our team continues to operate at top decile engagement levels as measured by the Gallup organization. I'm proud that our team's excellence in this area was recognized by earning the Gallup Exceptional Workplace Award for the 11th consecutive year. We also received great news that DTE was named one of Metro Detroit's best and brightest companies to work for. The best and brightest program recognizes companies that have a commitment to excellence in their human resource practices and employee enrichment based on categories, including work life balance, employee education and diversity.  I'm happy to say that yesterday, the MPSC approved our IRP settlement agreement, which outlines our investment in Michigan's clean energy future, two weeks after we filed it. This demonstrates the supportive nature of our regulatory environment. We are proud that this plan puts our customers first by reducing the cost of our clean energy transformation, while reliably generating the cleaner, affordable energy that our customers will rely on for years to come. I'll provide more details on the settlement agreement in a few minutes. On the community front, DTE was honored to be named to the Civic 50 for the sixth consecutive year. This award presented by Points of Light recognized us as the most community-minded companies in the nation. I am proud that our team continues to put communities we serve at the forefront each and every day in our decision-making and earning this award year after year recognizes that. On the investor front, we are executing on our plan to achieve our 2023 guidance midpoint and our long-term financial growth. As you know, we have been facing headwinds with the weather and storms that we experienced earlier this year. Dave will go into more details on this, but the team has made excellent progress on the cost management work across the entire company, and we continue to find savings with our continuous improvement efforts. As well, we are seeing additional favorability across our portfolio of businesses. We are well positioned to continue to deliver the strong performance and premium growth that DTE is known for delivering on our 2023 midpoint guidance and also continue to deliver long-term EPS growth of 6% to 8%. Let's turn to Slide five and discuss the IRP settlement agreement.  We want to thank our DTE employees and 21 organizations from across Michigan for their diligent work on this IRP settlement agreement. We completed a comprehensive analysis that reflected insights shared by our customers and other stakeholders to build the plan. The plan offers a balanced and diversified approach for the transition of our generation fleet, complementing our commitment to build a reliable and resilient grid while maintaining customer affordability. A key provision of the settlement agreement is ending DTE's use of coal in 2032. DTE will provide retraining for employees impacted by the plant retirements, and we'll continue to partner with the local communities on new economic development opportunities. We are continuing our plan to cease coal use at our Bell River power plant in 2026 and converted to a 1,300-megawatt natural gas peaking resource. We are retiring two coal units at Monroe in 2028 and accelerating the retirement of our two remaining units from 2035 to 2032, which is nearly 12 years earlier than originally planned.  To determine the best replacement alternative for the capacity of Monroe, we will be studying a range of possible replacement technologies. Facilitated by these accelerations, our 85% carbon reduction goal moves from 2035 to 2032. To support these retirements, we are transforming how the company generates electricity over the next two decades. We will be developing more than 15,000 megawatts of renewables by 2042 to power homes, businesses and industrial facilities. Additionally, we will build more than 1,800 megawatts of energy storage to support the company's clean energy transformation. Through all of this, our focus remains in providing what our customers and communities need, clean, affordable, reliable energy. This IRP is also very positive for customer affordability as it provides over $2.5 billion in future cost savings, and we will be directing $110 million to support our most vulnerable customers, including $70 million to energy efficiency programs, $30 million in bill assistance and $8 million in home repairs facilitate cleaner energy for low-income customers. Through this IRP, we will be delivering long-term customer value by investing over $11 billion in the next 10 years in a clean energy transition, supporting more than 32,000 Michigan jobs.  Let's move to Slide six to discuss how the IRP fits into our plan. This IRP supports our long-term capital plan as it solidifies a large portion of our planned investment in cleaner generation. As you recall, we will be investing $21.6 billion in our two utilities in the next five years and $45 billion over the next 10 years. all to build the grid of the future, transition to cleaner generation and modernize the gas transmission and distribution system. The significant additions of renewables and storage outlined in this plan in addition to the renewables investments we are doing through our voluntary renewable program provides surety to our cleaner generation investment plan. The IRP provides full recovery of the net book value of Bell River and Monroe. A portion of the assets are securitized to balance customer affordability with the increased investment in clean energy while supporting our financial plan. For Bell River, we will be depreciating the majority of the asset since it will remain in service earning the authorized ROE currently at 9.9%. A small portion of the net book value will be securitized after 2026. For Monroe, we received constructive regulatory asset treatment for the majority of the undepreciated coal unit investment balances with a 9% return on equity. The remaining portion of the assets will be securitized beginning in 2032. We will receive our full authorized ROE, which is 9.9% until 2032, at which point that portion will be securitized. So this plan is a really great outcome. Selling this case confirms the constructive nature of the regulatory environment in Michigan and DTE's ability to gain consensus with key stakeholders, including the MPSC staff, the attorney general, environmental, industrial and regulatory groups. It is consistent and supports our 5-year financial plan and our 6% to 8% EPS growth rate. It also provides visibility and surety and the long-term capital plan. And this settlement overall is good for customers and aligns with the state's goals to provide clean, affordable, reliable energy in Michigan. We will be updating our full 5-year financial plan at EEI. As with any of our plans, we continue to balance increases in investments in clean generation distribution infrastructure and base infrastructure with affordability for our customers. Now let's turn to our other accomplishments this quarter on Slide 7. Our team has accomplished a lot so far this year.  At DTE Electric, we placed Michigan's largest wind park in service, the Meridian Wind Park, spanning three townships, the 225-megawatt wind park has 77 wind turbines and generates enough clean energy to power more than 78,000 homes. In addition to bringing even more clean energy to the grid and supporting Michigan's overall de-carbonization goals, these types of projects help strengthen our economy by creating jobs and by bringing additional tax revenue to our communities. Additionally, last month, Dakota, a native American and women-owned automotive supplier joined our voluntary renewables program. Dakota joins 15 automotive suppliers who are using my green power to make their operations more sustainable.  This continues to demonstrate the success of our voluntary renewable program that currently has over 2,300 megawatts of commitments, including participation of over 90,000 residential customers, making us the largest voluntary renewable program in the state of Michigan and one of the largest in the country. We are continuing our focus on improved reliability of our electric grid. We trained more than 25,000 miles of trees over the last five years and will trim an additional 5,000 miles in 2023, of which we have completed 2,800 miles through the first half of this year. The electric rate case is progressing as we continue to pursue a constructive settlement with all stakeholders. At DTE Gas, our main renewal work marches steadily along.  We've completed over 150 miles of renewal in the first half of 2023. Our natural gas balance program also continues to grow. We now have over 12,000 customers subscribed since program inception in 2021. In the second quarter, the city of East Grand Rapids was the first municipality in Michigan to join the program to help lower its carbon footprint, and we invite more municipalities to participate in this great program. Moving on to DTE Vantage. As we mentioned earlier this year, we have placed two projects in service so far in 2023. One RNG and one custom Energy Solutions project.  We are on track to place two additional RNG projects in service by year-end and are in advanced discussions on an additional customer energy solutions project. We also continue to advance our development pipeline with strong opportunities in both RNG conversions and large custom energy solutions projects. With that, I'll turn it over to Dave to give you a financial update. Dave, over to you. 
Dave Ruud : Thanks, Gerry, and good morning, everyone. Let me start on Slide eight to review our second quarter financial results. Operating earnings for the quarter were $206 million. This translates into $0.99 per share. You can find a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment, including our reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings in the appendix. I'll start the review at the top of the page with our utilities. DTE Electric earnings were $178 million for the quarter. This is $8 million lower than the second quarter of 2022.  The main driver of the earnings variance was cooler weather. There's also lower residential sales relative to 2022 with the continuation of people returning to work, higher rate base costs and accelerated deferred tax amortization in 2022. This was partially offset by the onetime O&M cost reductions that we have implemented in 2023. Moving on to DTE Gas. Operating earnings were $24 million, $18 million higher than the second quarter of 2022. The earnings variance was driven by onetime O&M cost reductions and IRM revenue in 2023, partially offset by higher rate base costs.  Let's move to DTE Vantage on the third row. Operating earnings were $26 million in the second quarter of 2023. This is a $2 million decrease from the second quarter last year primarily due to planned outage timing at our renewables plans. On the next row, you can see Energy Trading finished the quarter with earnings of $36 million, which is $29 million higher than the second quarter last year. As I mentioned in Q1, there is some timing variability this year that is now positive in the second quarter. This is primarily due to contracts in our power physical business that include revenue based on fixed prices over the term of the transaction, and then these contracts are hedged upon execution.  We sell the energy at a fixed price for these contracts while the recognized cost synergies based on the energy curve, which was higher in January and February. This timing variance that we saw in the first quarter has begun to unwind as expected. We also had performance favorability in energy trading this quarter due to robust contract premiums in our physical power portfolio for 2023. Through the first half of the year, Energy Trading has earnings of $10 million. Finally, Corporate and Other was unfavorable by $2 million quarter-over-quarter, primarily due to higher interest expense. Overall, DTE earned $0.99 per share in the second quarter. Let's turn to slide nine to discuss our 2023 guidance.  Let me start at the bottom of the page and tell you that we remain on track to deliver on the overall EPS guidance we have for 2023, and we have plans to achieve the midpoint of our guidance range. As we have discussed, we have faced headwinds at DTE Electric this year. This includes the lower-than-expected rate order received at the end of last year, driven by a difference in sales forecast of approximately $100 million. We had a $70 million impact from the winter storms in the first quarter and unfavorable weather of $42 million in the first half of the year. Through focused onetime cost reduction efforts, DTE Electric is achieving offsets for over half of these headwinds without sacrificing safety reliability or customer service.  However, electric will likely still fall below its guidance range as represented by the Red Arrow. Favorability at each of our other business units will overcome the remaining headwinds and achieve our EPS guidance. This is depicted by the green arrows indicating they will likely be above their guidance ranges. Additional favorability at DTE Gas is driven by onetime O&M reductions. DTE Vantage favorability is driven by stronger R&G pricing, additional projects coming into service and opportunistic contracted sales in the steel business. Energy Trading is seeing favorability in its contracted, highly hedged power portfolio, which will continue to provide additional upside to this business.  All the business units implemented onetime O&M reductions and also benefit from onetime corporate O&M reductions at Cascade to all the business units. Through the performance of our portfolio, we have plans to achieve the midpoint of our operating EPS guidance range for DTE and we'll update the business unit guidance after the summer weather plays out. Our guidance does assume historically average weather for the remainder of the year without the normal contingency that we typically build into the plan. Our team has really made excellent progress identifying and implementing the opportunities in onetime O&M reductions across the company while ensuring the reliability and safety that our customers expect. This allows us to continue to deliver for all our stakeholders.  The performance this year will allow us to continue to be very well positioned to achieve our long-term EPS growth and the premium returns that our shareholders have come to expect from us. Let me wrap up on slide 10, and then we will open the line for questions. In summary, through the remainder of the year, DTE will continue to focus on our team, customers, communities and investors. We are executing on our plan to achieve full year guidance without jeopardizing safety and reliability.  Our utility regulatory filings continue to advance as evidenced by our recent IRP settlement. We also continue to pursue a constructive settlement in our electric rate case. Our robust capital plan supports our long-term operating EPS growth as we execute on the critical investment that we need to make for our customers to deliver cleaner generation and increased reliability while focusing on customer affordability. Our long-term plan supports our 6% to 8% operating EPS growth target through 2027 and provides a dividend growing in line with operating EPS. With that, I thank you for joining us today, and we can open the line for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first this morning to Jeremy Tonet at JPMorgan. 
Jeremy Tonet : Just wanted to start with the electric rate case proceeding, if I could here. And appreciate where we are at the process only so much could be said. But are you able to expand at all on how this has been progressing? And I guess, hopes for settlement at this point when that might materialize? Or just any other color in general would be helpful. 
Gerry Norcia: Our target, Jeremy, to settled the rate case is mid-October, and before the PFD is issued. So we have started some conversations and those conversations, obviously, will become a lot more intense through the summer. But I believe we have the ingredients for settlement, and we'll continue to update you on that as we progress. 
Jeremy Tonet : Got it. That's helpful. Just wondering, I guess, to the ability you're able to comment for weather for the third quarter. Obviously, the big swing quarter for the year. How do things look so far in your jurisdictions and kind of like what you can see over the next couple of weeks. Just wondering if weather help in 3Q could materialize relative to what we saw earlier in the year? 
Dave Ruud: Yes, Jeremy. So far, we're seeing things start out pretty close to what we had expected. And so as you know, though, August and September can be really big months for us or really big swing months. So continue to watch that closely as the weather plays out. 
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful. And just last one, if I could. I think for DTE Vantage, there was some opportunistic steel sales, and just wondering if you could expand a bit more on what that was in other -- are there other items like that, that we should look for to kind of service offsets? 
Dave Ruud: Yes. We're looking across our portfolio for offsets. And with the ones we have within our steel portfolio, represent that. We have some byproducts that we sell as a process of what we're doing within our steel business and our cope making. And we just got some opportunistic pricing and some really good pricing for that through the year that we've been able to take advantage of this year. And I'll say, Jeremy, across our whole portfolio, we continue to look for these onetime cost reductions and some of these opportunities like this to ensure that we can deliver for the year.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thank you for that.
Gerry Norcia: So just to add to that, we're also seeing some lift in RNG pricing, which is also creating some favorability at Vantage.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Understood. Ill leave it there. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next now to Shahr Pourreza at Guggenheim. 
Shahriar Pourreza: Hi, good morning. Good morning, David. [indiscernible]. Congrats on good quarter. So just kind of appreciating the challenging weather as Jeremy mentioned, and it looks like there was another $0.12 versus normal. How should we think about the flex O&M for the remainder of the year? And is there a need to kind of shift anything from what you embedded at the end of the first quarter? 
Dave Ruud: Yes. As we play out the year, we're looking for the opportunities across the business, again, to ensure that we can offset the challenges that we've seen through storm and weather as we go through the year. And so we're doing that across our portfolio. We as an extended leadership team, we're meeting weekly to ensure that we're finding all the opportunities we can and extinguishing all the risks. And through the year, we've been able to find some additional opportunities that have been able to offset the challenges that we've seen through weather and through the storm we saw in the first quarter. So we'll continue to look for that flex throughout the year. 
Gerry Norcia: Yes. And just to add color to some of the areas where we're diving into to look for these opportunities. We're taking full advantage of attrition. So we're only hiring critical operating roles to make sure that we have safe and reliable operations. Some of the other onetime initiatives are happening across all the staffs groups as well in terms of attrition. A significant reduction in overtime. We've deferred noncritical maintenance and pulling out some of the bank maintenance that we did when we had surpluses in prior years. We've had contractor workforce reductions. And then, of course, as Dave mentioned, we're seeing favorability, market favorability in our gas business as well as at Advantage and trading for that matter. In addition, we've also started to renegotiate supply chain contracts with long-term relationships to give us some value. So we we're hitting all the buttons and we're learning a lot about our company. And some of these will stick, but by far and large, most of them are one time, but I'm really proud of the team because we're hitting all the targets that we've given them to offset these significant headwinds. 
Shahriar Pourreza: So I guess it would be fair to say kind of no big changes just executing on the plan from 1Q? 
Gerry Norcia: That's correct. 
Shahriar Pourreza: Excellent. And then maybe shifting to efficient financing. Just how are you thinking about supporting credit metrics on a tighter capital market environment, especially as we continue to see high levels of investment in rate base growth? And just any thoughts on internal versus external balance sheet support? As you mentioned the Vantage assets are potentially helping. But maybe how are those -- the value of those assets stacking up against any future equity needs? 
Dave Ruud: Well, yes, if you look at our overall financing plan, we have some good headroom to our FFO to debt levels with the rating agencies. So we have some room there. And as we've said in our equity plan, our plan on equity is zero to $100 million over the next few years. So very low equity needs that we would do through internal methods. So we're seeing that we're still in a really good place on our balance sheet from both a debt and equity standpoint. 
Shahriar Pourreza : Excellent. And maybe last one, housekeeping call out, following up on Jeremy's question on the rate case. There's been some data points on kind of higher ROEs that potentially the ranges that kind of have been recommended and that shows some recognition from stakeholders. Do you anticipate that, that will start to make an impact, whether in the '24 time frame or just in settlement negotiations? 
Gerry Norcia: Well, we've filed for high ROE. I mean it will be part of the settlement negotiations. The pattern, I think that we've seen from the commission in the past that it's slow up and a slow down. So it will be -- whatever happens, it will be extremely gradual. But certainly, we've asked for higher ROEs and that will be part of our settlement discussions.
Shahriar Pourreza : Excellent. I appreciate it. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: We'll go next now to Julian Dumoulin-Smith at Bank of America. 
Heidi Hauchon: This is Heidi Hauchon for Julian. Thank you for taking my question.
Gerry Norcia: Good morning.
Dave Ruud: Hi, Heidi.
Heidi Hauchon: Good morning. Hi. Just my first question and kind of a follow-up to the rate case, what has been the ongoing stakeholder feedback to some of your proposals in the electric rate case like the IRM? And then following intervener testimony, are you exploring any incremental mechanisms such as, for example, ring-fencing of vegetation management spend or something similar? 
Gerry Norcia: Sure. So there's been certainly a positive support from the staff for the IRM and we're getting all the right signals that this is something that will be really valuable to our customers. And can help secure the investments that's necessary to move towards a more resilient and reliable grid. That one feels encouraging. In terms of ring-fencing tree, we've essentially done that already through past proceedings where a good portion of it is ring fenced. And we're executing against that plan. And actually in good years when we've had surpluses, we've even put more against tree trimming because we see it as a significant labor in terms of reducing customer outages. So I feel that our positions are productive, positions that we've seen in the various parties, and we're going to work hard to get towards a settlement before the middle of October. 
Heidi Hauchon: Great. Thank you. And then also, can you comment on weather adjusted sales trends year-to-date, and how this factors into low growth forecast or whether this is consistent with your expectations? 
Dave Ruud: Yes. Our sales have come in exactly as we expected on a weather-adjusted basis this year. If we look back to last year, residential sales are down about 3.5% to 4%. And that's really what we have predicted with people returning to work. Our commercial is down a little bit due to energy efficiency and some other things and our industrial is up as our plants in Michigan are experiencing a lot less downtime. So I think now we've seen that our sales are kind of at the right level or where they are with people return to work and kind of very consistent with what we have forecasted through the year. 
Heidi Hauchon: Thank you. That's helpful. And then just really quick last one from me. We've seen some reports this morning of storm causing outages in your service jurisdiction. Just wondering, I know it's early but can you comment on restoration efforts this morning and kind of severity of these storms relative to expected storm activity or normal storm activity? And then finally, on your level of confidence in achieving guidance in light of storms. I know we've touched on weather, but specifically on storms? Thank you.
Gerry Norcia: So we did have some storm weather moved in last night. Approximately 92% to 93% of our customers have power at this moment. And we've mobilized about almost 3,000 of our team members to address the storm conditions. So we'll ramp most of it up in the next couple of days. These types of storms are pretty typical in July and August. So nothing out of the ordinary at this point in time. In terms of achieving guidance, as I mentioned and Dave has mentioned, we have seen about $200 million of headwinds, and we have a plan that addresses these headwinds. And those headwinds included some of the firestorm activity and cooler weather that we experienced and warmer weather in the winter. Many of the initiatives will be onetime in nature, but we're learning, as I mentioned, a lot more about our company and which is good for us and good for our customers. And the team is achieving the plan right on top of the plant. We've asked them for some significant delivery on initiatives and they're delivering on that plan. So I'm proud of their accomplishments, and that will land us at the midpoint of our guidance. 
Heidi Hauchon: Great. Congrats on the results.  Operator  We go next now to Michael Sullivan at Wolfe Research. 
MichaelSullivan : I just had a quick one on the IRP. I was just wondering if we could get a little more color on -- you mentioned like studying technology to replace Monroe and kind of what that could look like? I think originally, in the plan, you may have had a gas plant with carbon capture in there. Did that end up making it into the official plan? Or what sort of other solutions are on the table there? 
Gerry Norcia : Yes. What we have settled on, Michael, was that we'd file another IRP in several years, and that would really be the, what I would say, the key topic for the last two units of Monroe, retiring those two in 2032. So the agreement between the parties and us, of course, was that look a lot could change in two or three years. But we will need a dispatchable resource there. We have proposed a combined cycle plan with carbon capture. And so we'll have to study that as an option amongst many other options, more batteries, more renewables. But definitely, very large resource that we count on from that part of the service territory to feed our industrial base in Detroit. And so we'll need a dispatchable resource that's going to be high quality and a 24/7 resource. So it will look like that. It would be maybe a mixture of -- it's just hard to tell right now where those studies will take us, but we agreed to study that together as a stakeholder group. So we've got time to do that one. 
Michael Sullivan : Okay. Great. And then another one on the IRP. I think somewhere in there was mentioned potentially looking at IRA funding for the Belle River conversion. Can you talk a little bit about that and how that may help customers or your plan? 
Gerry Norcia : Go ahead, Dave. 
Dave Ruud: Yes. What we mentioned there for the Belle River conversion with some of the DOE funds that are now available for replacing or repowering energy infrastructure that gets ceased and it kind of fits right into what this Belle River conversion is. So along with some other capital investment opportunity we have, we're going to look right at Belle River and see if there's some DOE funding that can come in and they can give lower interest rate that can really help with customer affordability as we're building out our infrastructure renewal and clear generation plan. 
Michael Sullivan : Okay. And any sense of timing on when that plays out when you know you can get the funds worked on? 
Dave Ruud: As we get closer, we'll know it will be over the next few years, those funds are available for I forget the timing four or five years on that. So we have some time to get that. But it's just an opportunity to get some lower interest rates for our customers and lower overall expense. 
Gerry Norcia: Mike, as you know, we have a long list of capital projects waiting to get into the plant. So as we find unique ways to finance some of it, it will allow us to accelerate our journey in other areas like, for example, with our grid. The more opportunity to find like that to make more headroom, we'll take full advantage of it. 
Operator: And we'll go now to David Arcaro at Morgan Stanley. 
David Arcaro : I was wondering, just in your arsenal of cost-cutting measures or offset measures. I was wondering if there are financial tools that you might have at your disposal that you've considered? Just thinking that CMS, did a tender offer recently on one of their outstanding bonds, things like that? Are those things that you would consider for offsetting weather headwinds this year? 
Dave Ruud: We always look across the portfolio for opportunities. We've looked at convertible debt. We don't have much more corporate debt we need to do this year. And we'll look for other opportunities like that. But right now, we don't see a similar opportunity or what they brought up. And of course, anything we do, we want to make sure that we maximize the overall value for shareholders, too. 
Q  David Arcaro : Got it. And then separately, could you just give an update on what we could expect to see in the updated distribution grid plan this year and what the timing might be for that? 
Gerry Norcia : We will file that before the end of the year as required by the commission. And it will really address four major buckets. The continued surge of tree trim, which we expect to end in two years, but then we'll be more of a maintenance cycle. So that will be a key feature. What we call pull-top maintenance, which is replacement of press arms, insulators equipment that pulls themselves. That will be a big part of the plan on our aging system.  Third is automation, trying to accomplish full automation of the grid in five years, that will be a major component of the plan. As we've seen more frequent storms and more sizable storms over the years, automation will be a big lever for us to restoration of outages.  And then lastly, as I've mentioned before, 1/3 of our grid is quite old. It's a 4,800 volt system, and that was installed in the early 1900s through the '60s and we need to replace that, and that's about 16,000 miles.  So that will be also a part of this updated plan to really accelerate our journey to try and get that done over the next 15 or 20 years. So those are the major components that you'll see. There'll be other things there, but those will be the four big hitters in the distribution grade plan. 
Operator: We go next to now to Alex Mortimer at Mizuho. 
Alex Mortimer: With the new commissioners focused on electric vehicles, how do you think about the upside for low CapEx and rate base above what you might currently have included in your plan? 
Gerry Norcia : Well, look, we're a big proponent of transportation electrification for several reasons. One is it's great for the environment. I mean the transportation sector I believe now the largest emitter of carbon in the economy. So I believe it's going to be very valuable for that.  But secondly, obviously, we get nice investment opportunity from that in the sense that it creates headroom for our investments as we see more load coming on. It is not fundamental just yet, but we expect that near the end of our 5-year plan, we'll start to see it be pretty significant contribution to margin growth. And that will help finance a lot of these large investments that we're making now to prepare ourselves for the electrification and transportation fleet as well as the deal with the inclement weather that we continue to see.  So we're pretty excited about it. We're happy that obviously, our new commissioner is very supportive of that agenda, but the other two commissioners are as well. So lots to do there. And we also have an administration that's quite supportive of electrification. So we're pretty excited about the prospects in the future. But like I said, it will start to become more impactful in our plan from a margin creation perspective later in the 5-year period. From an investment perspective, we're already investing against this opportunity. 
Alex Mortimer: Okay. Understood. And then just given the additional headwinds present this quarter, should we essentially understand that all contingency has been exhausted at this point, and you now need normal weather for the balance of the year to achieve the stated goal midpoint of guidance? 
Gerry Norcia : I would say that contingency in the electric company has been exhausted, but some of our other BUs still have a bit of contingency, but we are relying on normal weather both from a temperature perspective and storm activity perspective. 
Alex Mortimer: Okay. And then other than weather in a more kind of "normal year" kind of what would get you to the high middle and low point of your guidance? And is the bias still towards the middle in a more normal year? 
Gerry Norcia : I would say the bias is the -- our target and the bias is towards the midpoint at this point in time. 
Operator: Thank you. And it appears we have no further questions this morning. Mr. Norcia, I'd like to turn things back to you for any closing comments. 
Gerry Norcia: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I'll just close by saying I hope everyone has a great morning and a safe day. 
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Norcia. Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude the DTE Energy Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Again, I would like to thank you all so much for joining us and wish you all a great remainder of your day. Goodbye.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-27 17:00:00) =====
Quintin Lai: [Call Starts Abruptly] conference call. We issued our financial results this morning, and the release has been posted in the Investors section on the company's website located at westpharma.com. This morning, Eric Green and Bernard Birkett will review our financial results, provide an update on our business and present an update on our financial outlook for the full year 2023. There's a slide presentation that accompanies today's call and a copy of that presentation is available on the Investors section of our website. On Slide 4, our safe harbor statement. Statements made by the management on this call and in the accompanying presentation contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. federal securities law. These statements are based on our beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. The company's future results are influenced by many factors beyond the control of the company. Actual results could differ materially from past results as well as those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements made here. Please refer to today's press release as well as any other disclosures made by the company regarding the risks to which it is subject, including our 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports. During today's call, management will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures, including organic sales growth, adjusted operating profit, adjusted operating profit margin and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in this morning's earnings release. I now turn the call over to our CEO, Eric Green. Eric?
Eric Green: Great. Thank you, Quintin, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. We will start on Slide 5. On April 14, West turned 100 years old. This is a major milestone that we're very proud of. Over the course of our 100-year history, the West name has come to mean so much to so many people. I would like to recognize our founder, Herman O. West, and the past generations of leadership that have built West to who we are today. In addition, I want to especially thank our 10,000-plus team members who are motivated by our purpose of improving patient lives and making a difference in the communities in which we work and live. Moving to Slide 6. I am pleased to report that we delivered a solid first quarter. This was driven by overall organic sales growth of over 2%. Excluding COVID-19, our base organic sales grew high teens. Our end markets remain stable even in this uncertain macroeconomic environment. As expected, we saw a drop in COVID-19-related sales compared to last year. That said, our Biologics market unit, excluding COVID, again grew double digits, and we expect this trend to continue for the rest of the year. With a focus on reprioritization of longer lead time components, our Generics and Pharma market units delivered an especially strong quarter of double-digit organic growth. In addition, our Contract Manufacturing had solid growth while delivering components for injection-related devices. This overall performance is a result of our team members across the globe as they remain focused on our strategic initiative of execute, innovate and grow. The resiliency of the business continues to be a reflection of our team members, and I want to acknowledge these efforts and say thank you. Turning to Slide 7. In addition to our financial performance, there were several other significant accomplishments in our quarter. I would like to highlight a few. In February, we opened our new R&D lab in Radnor, Pennsylvania. This investment supports our capability enhancements while meeting the growing needs of customers in the changing regulatory environment across the globe. The lab supplied research will include containment and systems for advanced therapies and biomaterials, along with advanced design and engineering for drug delivery. In addition, the lab will also test and develop elastomer glass systems, and the work done here will support our future R&D ambitions for new containment and packaging solutions. Our product innovations have been recognized with several notable awards, including the Best Technologies Award at Interphex for our West Ready Pack with Corning's Valor ready-to-use vials. And as we continue to make tremendous strides in ESG, we have announced a stability partnership with the Philadelphia Eagles who are recognized as environmental stewards across all areas of their business. We look forward to sharing more detail on our ESG efforts in our corporate responsibility report to be published shortly. Shifting to Slide 8. A robust capital investments through expansions and optimizing productivity across our global operations remain on track. We continue to drive forward the expansion of additional HVP capacity with the anticipated growth of our customers' biologic portfolios and drug launches. This includes the installation and validation of new manufacturing equipment for HVP plungers and finishing capabilities, which will continue to come online throughout 2023 and into 2024. Moving to Slide 9. We are reiterating our full year 2023 organic sales growth outlook of 3% to 4% and are raising our 2023 financial outlook for overall net sales and adjusted diluted EPS. While Bernard will go over more details in his remarks, I want to make a few high-level comments. We continue to see a decline in overall COVID-19 sales and now expect $60 million for the full year 2023 instead of $85 million. Even with this change, we are reaffirming full year 2023 overall organic sales guidance. We continue to expect mid-teens Proprietary Products base organic sales growth for the year. Contract Manufacturing is now expected to be double-digit growth compared to prior high single-digit outlook as we expect to see continued demand for certain injection devices as seen in Q1. Now I'll turn the call over to Bernard. Bernard?
Bernard Birkett: Thank you, Eric, and good morning. We'll first look at Q1 2023 revenues and profits, where we saw low single-digit organic sales growth and a decline in operating profit and diluted EPS compared to the first quarter of 2022. I will take you through the drivers impacting sales and margin in the quarter as well as some balance sheet takeaways. And finally, we will provide an update to our 2023 guidance. First up, Q1. Our financial results are summarized on Slide 10, and the reconciliation of non-U.S. GAAP measures are described in Slides 17 to 20. We recorded net sales of $716.6 million, representing organic sales growth of 2.3%. COVID-related net revenues are estimated to have been approximately $23 million in the quarter, an approximate $88 million reduction compared to the prior year. These net revenues in 2022 include our assessment of components associated with vaccines, treatment and diagnosis of COVID-19 patients, offset by lower sales to customers affected by lower volumes due to the pandemic. Looking at Slide 11, Proprietary Products organic net sales remained flat in the quarter. High-value products, which made up more than 70% of Proprietary Product sales in the quarter, declined by low single digits due to the reduction in COVID-related net revenues. Looking at the performance of the market units, the Generics market unit delivered high double digits growth led by sales of Westar components, while the Pharma market unit experienced low double-digit growth led by Envision and Westar components as well as Admin Systems. And the Biologics market unit saw double-digit -- saw a double-digit decline due to a reduction in sales related to COVID-19 vaccine. Our Contract Manufacturing segment experienced double-digit net sales growth in the first quarter, primarily driven by an increase in sales of components related to injection-related devices. Our adjusted operating profit margin of 23% was a 340 basis point decrease from the same period last year. Finally, adjusted diluted EPS declined 13.9% for Q1. Excluding stock-based compensation tax benefits, EPS decreased by approximately 16.1%. Now let's review the drivers in both our revenue and profit performance. On Slide 12, we show the contributions to organic sales growth in the quarter. Sales price increases contributed $38 million or 5.3 percentage points of growth in the quarter. Offsetting price was a negative mix impact of $21.3 million, primarily due to a reduction in COVID-19-related net demand and a foreign currency headwind of approximately $20.1 million. Looking at margin performance, Slide 13 shows our consolidated gross profit margin of 37.9% for Q1 2023, down from 39.5% in Q1 2022. Proprietary Products first quarter gross profit margin of 42.5% was 90 basis points lower than the margin achieved in the first quarter of 2022. The key drivers for the decline in Proprietary Products gross profit margin were unfavorable mix from a reduction in sales related to COVID-19 vaccines and continued inflationary pressures on our planned costs, including labor, raw materials and overheads. These factors were partially offset by sales price increases and production efficiencies. Contract Manufacturing first quarter gross profit margin of 17.6% was 250 basis points below the margin achieved in the first quarter of 2022, primarily due to mix of products sold. Now let's look at our balance sheet and review how we've done in terms of generating more cash. On Slide 14, we have listed some key cash flow metrics. Operating cash flow was $138.1 million for the 3 months ended March 2023, a decrease of $13.1 million compared to the same period last year, an 8.7% decrease, primarily due to a decline in operating results. Our first quarter of 2023 year-to-date capital spending was $82.1 million, $16.3 million higher than the same period last year. We continue to leverage our CapEx to increase our high-value product manufacturing capacity within our existing facilities in the U.S., Germany, Ireland and Singapore. Working capital of approximately $1.4 billion at March 31, 2023, remained consistent from December 31, 2022. Our cash balance at March 31 of $886.3 million was $8 million lower than our December 2022 balance. The decrease in cash is primarily due to our share repurchase program and higher CapEx, offset by operating cash flow for the first quarter. Turning to guidance, Slide 9 provides a high-level summary. We are updating our full year 2023 net sales guidance and expect net sales to be in a range of $2.965 billion to $2.99 billion compared to our prior guidance range of $2.935 billion to $2.96 billion. There is an estimated full year 2023 tailwind of $15 million based on current foreign exchange rates compared to prior guidance of the 2023 headwind of $30 million. We expect organic sales growth to be approximately 3% to 4%, unchanged from prior guidance. We expect our full year 2023 adjusted diluted EPS guidance to be in a range of $7.50 to $7.65 compared to a prior range of $7.25 to $7.40. Also, our CapEx guidance is $350 million for the year, unchanged from prior guidance. There are some key elements I want to bring your attention to as you review our guidance. We expect full year COVID-19-related sales to be approximately $60 million compared to prior guidance of approximately $85 million. Net sales guidance also includes a reduction of $8 million, resulting from an expected divestiture of a European facility that produced standard Proprietary Product components. Full year 2023 adjusted diluted EPS guidance range includes an estimated FX tailwind of approximately $0.02 based on current foreign currency exchange rates compared to prior guidance of a headwind of $0.11. The updated guidance also includes EPS of $0.15 associated with first quarter 2023 tax benefits from stock-based compensation. Our guidance does not include potential future tax benefits from stock-based compensation. I would now like to turn the call back over to Eric.
Eric Green: Thank you, Bernard. To summarize, on Slide 15, the solid financial performance and execution in Q1 continues to reaffirm we have a strong base business and are delivering unique value to our customers. While there may be instability in some small cash-dependent biotechs, these customers are not a substantial portion of our business. Our end markets remain stable, and there continues to be a promising pipeline of new drugs that could have meaningful launches and/or expansions over the next few years, which means more HVP sales opportunities for West. Our global operations team is efficiently manufacturing and delivering products in this complex environment with a focus on service and quality. And we're continuing to progress capital spending across our operations to meet current and anticipated future growth. With great pride, we realize this criticality of our products for health care across the globe, which is why our purpose to improve patient lives propels us each and every day. Norma, we're ready to take questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Larry Solow with CJS Securities.
Larry Scott: Congrats on another good start to the year. Eric, just sort of, I guess, a little bit of a quick question on the quarter and a little more high level. Just obviously, a little bit of a step-up in acceleration in sort of core growth. I think you mentioned mid-teens -- high-teens growth this quarter in Proprietary Products, and I think your guidance kind of points to sort of mid- to high-teens growth for the year. And obviously, it's a little bit of a shift away from COVID for you guys. Are your customers, from their perspective, has that helped too in terms of less focus on -- at some of your customers on co treatments and more back to their core? I'm just trying to bucket sort of the drivers of the acceleration of growth between COVID, perhaps a little bit waning COVID impacts and just more growth, I guess, in NovaPure and other high-value products. And I guess the third thing is just the overall growth in Biologics. But I'm just trying to get a feel for how those 3 drivers sort of line up, if you will.
Eric Green: Yes. Great. Thank you, Larry. We're seeing -- obviously, as COVID demand decreases, we've been able to -- through the reprioritization of the long lead items, we're able to bring them back in line what we expect for the market. And therefore, you're seeing us -- very strong growth in both the Pharma and the Generics market units, which is significantly higher than what you would see from a market volume-demand perspective. So that's where you see the benefit, specifically on Generics is really due to the long lead times that are being brought in. We did see a little bit better performance in our Contract Manufacturing. And as we've been making investments specifically in that area, very targeted investments, those are coming online, and we're starting to see the benefit, and that's the reason why we moved up the full year look. On the Biologics side, I have to be -- I'm very proud on how we continue to do very well in that area, not just on current drugs in the market, but also new drug launches and our participation rate is -- remains very high. And so we were excited to carry on that growth. But you're absolutely correct, the COVID reduction mutes that overall number. And that's why we're trying to be more transparent about the core itself. So we're very -- we're pleased across the board on the execution. And overall, it's a very strong start to the year.
Larry Scott: And in terms of capital projects, capital expansion plans, obviously, you guys, I think you've more than probably doubled capacity over the last couple of years or in the last 3 years. As you go out into '24, do you see -- I suppose at some point, we'll have a slowdown or a pause in the expansion. Do you view this? Or how do you sort of view that your longer-term plans out beyond sort of the next 12 months?
Eric Green: Yes, Larry, it's -- you're right, we had some significant capital investments over the last couple of years. One was to fuel or build to support the vaccines during the pandemic. And fortunately, the team was very focused on helping our customers with these solutions around the higher end of high-value products. So this equipment is fungible. We're still leveraging that existing equipment for base business growth, particularly on the Biologics area. And we're continuing to add -- layer in more capital. The capital we are layering in right now is shifting a little bit away from what I would call the vial configuration to more prefilled syringes and, i.e., our plunger manufacturing capabilities, which are coming online this year and then in 2024. But that is based on demand that we have in our hands today and into the next couple of years. So we will continue to layer in capital when the growth profile remains as we're seeing today. But you're right, Larry, if there's opportunities to continue to leverage existing assets more effectively. That's the first thing we look at. How do we leverage what we currently have, create the efficiencies, higher automation before we start investing more, and that's a daily framework as we think about capital investment. So the long story short would be if we continue to invest as we are, it's because the growth of the business is greater than we anticipated.
Larry Scott: Got you. And then just lastly, a quick question for Bernard. On Proprietary Products gross margin down a little, I think 90 bps year-over-year, but I think it absorbed like $90 million or so drop in COVID sales, right? So something around -- I don't think you can give the actual quarter number, but somewhere around there. So I'm just trying to -- going forward, gross margin, it feels like most of the COVID benefit is added there, right? So should we kind of expect Proprietary Products gross margin to this be maybe a good number, a good starting point and maybe we can grow a little bit off of this gross margin base?
Bernard Birkett: Just on the COVID, we did -- you kind of said that we did $88 million, I think, in Q1 2022, and that was about $23 million in this quarter. So the drop was pretty significant. But we have been really focused on increasing the level of efficiency through our plants, really understanding the cost base and as we were progressing through 2022, we're already lining up changes. We're starting to see the impact there. Also, the price that we've been able to get, which is above what we would normally see, more than 5%, that's also helping with that margin and to absorb some of the inflationary costs. So I would expect it to -- it is a good start for the year. There's obviously a lot of puts and takes, given what's going on within the macro environment, but we're confident to deliver within our guidance.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Knight with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Paul Knight: Eric, when -- on the CapEx side, is Michigan now online? And then when you do deploy this CapEx, when does that start to deliver revenue? Is it a 1-year? Is it a 2-year lag? And then my last question would be, where do you benefit from this growth in GLP-1s?
Eric Green: Yes. Thanks, Paul. So in the capital, fortunately, we're in a good position when we're layering in the capital once we install and then validates revenues are coming off rather quickly. So you mentioned about Grand Rapids, Michigan is one of our contract manufacturing sites. When the lines are ready to go, we'll turn them on and to be able to meet the demand requirements. And that's very consistent across proprietary and also see them in today's environment. I would say if you look back historically, while we made the right investments, sometimes we would do greenfield, those are the ones that take longer period to get the demand to fill those plants. But the investments we're making today are really about more near-term demand requirements. In some cases, we're trying to catch up. On the GLP-1, there's -- it's an interesting dynamic that is occurring. As you can imagine, West, as we did with the vaccines in the pandemic, you can imagine that our participation in GLP-1 with multiple customers, multiple components both in the proprietary area, but also in the contract manufacturing from an injectable device perspective. So we are obviously participating in that area. We're seeing the demand. We don't call out specific drugs or customers and -- but we are investing, particularly around plungers and also in the Contract Manufacturing area about injectors -- auto-injectors. So you've seen that in both camps as we speak today.
Paul Knight: And then last question would be for Bernard. Bernard, what's your implied operating margin for the -- or guide for the year?
Bernard Birkett: Approximately 23%. And just on Larry's question, I just want to clarify one thing. The difference is on the COVID revenue between Q1 2023 and 2022 is $88 million. Just to clarify that the drop was $88 million.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Matt Larew with William Blair.
Matt Larew: For the space more broadly, the destocking has been an issue. And obviously, that's further upstream and not something that's really attractive for your business. But just on the subject to visibility, could you maybe speak to your visibility into customer demand right now, particularly around HVP, and maybe how that compares to your historical visibility over the last 3 to 5 years or so?
Eric Green: Yes, Matt, I think before COVID, we were continuously building the capabilities to have better visibility with our customers in the markets around demand. And we have been building that, I would say, during the COVID period. It's been a little more volatile. But now we're back into that environment, have better visibility, better -- as we do make to order, our customers are giving us visibility of their demands over the next several quarters. And then we plan accordingly in our global operations to be able to support them on existing drugs but also new launches. In regards to any movements of stocking or working capital, we do see some of that in certain parts of the business. And we take that in consideration when we think about our forecast or guidance for the full year. There are certain areas, I would say, probably more on our non-HVP area that might have more volatility. On the high-value product area, that is going back to our capital investments, we need to continue to fuel that to try to get ahead of the curve versus trying to maintain where we are right now. So the demand is greater than we have capacity in as we speak. So it's just seen blend right now, Matt, and we have better visibility. But it's not consistent across the whole portfolio, but I think we're responding appropriately.
Matt Larew: Okay. And then decommissioning a plant in Europe, making both products amidst significant investment in HVP capacity, I guess that speaks to the change in order book. But maybe could you just give us a sense for, as we think about order book occurring today and what sort of what's in your order pipeline over the next 6 months, 12 months, how that compares to 3 or 5 years ago? And then specifically on -- you mentioned on the GLP-1s, you participate on the plunger side. Are those NovaPure plungers, I assume?
Eric Green: Well, Matt, a couple of points there. One is, you're right, the decommissioning of the plant, that's a plant that is a single product, single customer. And we're very pleased on how that is now -- that was a standard product. So it wasn't that in relation to high-value products. Right. It's a standard price is basically we've had this discussion for a long time. It doesn't fit our growth strategy. So therefore, we've made the decision with our customer and also another party to make sure that they can continue on producing those products for our customers but in someone else's hands. I think from an order book perspective, if you think about where our growth profile is really is around the Biologics, we obviously have high growth right now in Generics and Pharma. We'll continue to see that over the course of 2023. But really, as you think about the future longer term, it is around the biologics in multiple therapeutic categories, and it tends to be the higher end of our high-value products. The plunger, specifically, it's a range of different types of plungers within high-value products. So it ranges anywhere from FluroTec all the way up to NovaPure, depending on the customers' needs. So it is kind of a range. But our -- the optics of our order book continues to be strong, but this portion of that tends to be more around the high-value products and the higher end of that.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Jacob Johnson with Stephens.
Jacob Johnson: Maybe first, just sticking on the GLP-1 topic. And as it relates to contract manufacturing, I think that's a business that at times kind of the work you do with customers can vary year-to-year. Obviously, strong start to the year. You're increasing expectations there. Is this something that is kind of sustainable growth for you all? Or is there something about 2023 that maybe we shouldn't carry this forward into 2024 and beyond?
Bernard Birkett: Yes, Jacob typically would the growth rate in contract manufacturing around mid-single digits within our longer-term construct. Last year, we had declines in the Contract Manufacturing business, and now we're seeing a bit of a rebound. So if I'm looking out past 2023, it will be kind of more the mid-single, high single-digit growth rate.
Jacob Johnson: Okay. And then just a couple of kind of cleanups on some of the commentary around the outlook for this year. If I'm not mistaken, I think you said mid-teens ex COVID growth in proprietary products. But I think that was high teens last -- on the last call. And then off the 23% op margins, I think that was 23% to 24% last quarter. Is this something to do with kind of the stronger Contract Manufacturing growth in the -- for the year? Just anything you can kind of flesh out in terms of that commentary.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. On the operating margin, a little bit of it is around Contract Manufacturing. And then they're having less -- that COVID business coming through versus what we expected. So they are the primary drivers there.
Eric Green: On the revenue side, when we talk about the proprietary outlook, it's relatively -- it's pretty consistent to the COVID guidance in February without COVID. So the -- all 3 units will be very strong throughout the full year and relatively consistent as far as performance in that area.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin with Bank of America.
Derik De Bruin: A couple of questions. Is there a good rule of thumb to think about your CapEx in terms of revenue generation? For every dollar you spend in CapEx, it can generate X amount of revenues. I'm just trying to think about future opportunities and just sort of thinking about all the spend and how West will build it out.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. We haven't communicated that in the past. I think we -- what we have communicated is to say that a larger portion of our CapEx spend over the last number of years has been focused on growth, and that growth is really within high-value products. So the investment in CapEx is driving obviously both revenue improvement, but also delivering on that operating margin improvement, so it's encompassed in that.
Derik De Bruin: So going down, so was going to the mix shift next because obviously, that has accelerated recently. When you think about your forward model construct, are -- does that margin sort of look more like 150 basis points? Or are you still thinking about 100 basis points is where you should come out on the op margin expansion on an annual basis, just given the mix?
Eric Green: Yes, Derik, I'm not going to give you a number, but we've said that we will achieve a 100-plus basis point margin expansion year-over-year for a number of years. And -- but as an organization, as a team, we're really focused on how can we continue to beat that. Looking at through automation, looking at the mix shift effect that's happening, really when you think about the Biologics, just reviewing the -- our participation in Biologics more recently continues to remain extremely strong. I'm very proud of that. And so we believe we're going to commit to the 100-plus basis points in operating margin, but we do believe there's opportunities to continue that and stay aggressive.
Derik De Bruin: Great. And just one more. So I'm thinking about some of the newer drug opportunities. I mean, obviously, there's a lot of interest in discussion on GLPs. But you've had to build capacity for a number of -- I mean this isn't like COVID where it suddenly popped up overnight. I mean you've been building capacity for a while. You've known there were trials coming. So I'm just sort of curious like what do we need to see in sort of some of the GLP trends in the market, prescription trends to sort of like think about what the upside driver of that could be to your business? Because there's clearly something already embedded in, it isn't like a virgin market where you are. So I'm just curious on how you're thinking about that market as it expands.
Eric Green: There's 2 areas. One area, specifically around our product portfolio, unlike what we've seen in other types of configurations like vial configuration, we can get multiple doses per vial. In this particular area is single dose, right? And so as prefilled syringes continue to grow, we're going to need to continue to invest in plungers. And that's what we're seeing, and that's where our areas of investments are going. And we'll continue to respond to our customers' forecasted demand. And again, it's more than just one customer, it's multiple customers. So that's one. It's around the conversations with our customers planning ahead, not on just existing solutions in the market, but future drug launches that they're planning, that's where our conversation is. If we're waiting to the commercialization of them, we were today and they're today. So that's one area. On the Contract Manufacturing side, a little different where, as you know, we've been very clear about this, that part of our business, unlike our proprietary business where if you're on the molecule, you're pretty much the main provider of those components. In the Contract Manufacturing, our customers tend to diversify with multiple companies to be able to produce those, i.e., auto injectors. So while that volume goes up, I wouldn't say it's 1 to 1 for us. It's clear in the proprietary side, but not as much on the Contract Manufacturing side. So hopefully, it gives you a little bit of kind of visibility and particularly around the GLP-1 specific area.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Sourbeer with UBS.
John Sourbeer: So I think it sounds like you said that contract manufacturing that, that could grow from mid-single digits, I think, was the previous long-term target there to mid-single to high single digits. Is that increase over the long term, is that all GLP-1s? Or are there other drivers there that would be driving that upside?
Eric Green: Well, I would say it's just a mixture of multiple -- a few different customers in a few different products. GLP would be one area, but not the only area of growth. So the investments that we've been layering in, specifically in contract manufacturing, have been coming on board end of last year into this year. And we'll continue to layer that in, if and when necessary, with our customers. So yes, there's a portion of it is due to GLP-1.
John Sourbeer: Just when you look -- I think the company has framed that the long-term revenue target in that high single-digit range, but now you're seeing strong trends throughout the portfolio, some increases in Contract Manufacturing. Just any thoughts on how that revenue growth could look like beyond 2023.
Eric Green: Yes. I think the same focus on the long-term construct to a [indiscernible] 7% to 9% organic sales growth. We're excited that, obviously, we do have a role to play with the GLP-1 as that evolves. I'm excited because as an organization, we can support our customers in multiple fronts, i.e., multiple different components in proprietary. That, to me, has a higher economic profile for us and then the Contract Manufacturing, while we play in both higher dependency on the proprietary side. But I would say that our growth, when we say the 7% to 9% organic growth outlook, it's not solely reliant on that category. We have numerous customers with different types of launches that are turning and uptake of current drugs in the market that we need to keep fueling. So it's a mixture of multiple drugs, multiple customers and multiple therapy classes. Yes, we participate in GLP-1, but I want to make sure that it's -- the growth of this business is very diversified.
Operator: And I'm currently showing no further questions at this time. I would like to hand the conference back over to Quintin Lai for closing remarks.
Quintin Lai: Thank you, Norma, and thank you all of us for joining us on today's conference call. An online archive of the broadcast will be available on our website at westpharma.com in the Investors section. Additionally, you may access a replay for 30 days following this presentation by using the instructions at the end of today's earnings release. And an acknowledgment of our sustainability partnership with the Philadelphia Eagles, it gives me a unique opportunity to conclude the call with Fly Eagles Fly. Have a nice day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-16 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to West Pharmaceutical Services Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Quintin Lai, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Quintin Lai: Thank you, Shannon. Good morning, and welcome to West's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Conference Call.  We issued our financial results this morning and the release has been posted in the Investors section on the company's website located at westpharma.com. This morning, Eric Green and Bernard Birkett will review our financial results, provide an update on our business and present an update on our financial outlook for the full year 2023. There's a slide presentation that accompanies today's call, and a copy of that presentation is available on the Investors section of our website.  On Slide 4 is our safe harbor statement. Statements made by management on this call and in the accompanying presentation contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. federal securities laws. These statements are based on our beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. The company's future results are influenced by many factors beyond the control of the company. Actual results could differ materially from past results as well as those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement made here. Please refer to today's press release as well as any other disclosures made by the company regarding the risks to which it is subject, including our 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports.  During today's call, management will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures, including organic sales growth, adjusted operating profit, adjusted operating profit margin and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in this morning's earnings release.  I'll now turn the call over to our CEO, Eric Green.
Eric Green: Thank you, Quintin, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today.  We will start on Slide 5. For over 100 years, the West name has come to mean so much to so many people. We have grown and expanded from manufacturing primary containment components to designing and manufacturing delivery systems. This remains the same today. As a global market leader who continues to define the evolution of our industry, our 10,000-plus team members are motivated by improving patient lives. The past few years have been a reminder that the world doesn't stand still and the needs of the health care industry are evolving and growing in complexity with shifting treatment options from the hospital to home setting. We remain committed to the pursuit of scientific innovation and partnerships to address the changing needs of today and into the future.  Moving to Slide 6. Looking back at the year, I'm pleased to report that West delivered overall organic sales growth of approximately 8%. This growth was generated despite a rapidly shifting pandemic landscape. We started 2022 expecting COVID-19 volume growth, but instead decline in orders and demand from our customers actually resulted in a 15% decline in pandemic-related sales. Excluding COVID-19, we estimate that our base organic sales growth was low double digit, with mid-teens growth in proprietary products, and driving this base growth is demand for our high-value product offerings for both legacy as well as recently launched drugs, and we ended the year with a return to growth in Q4 in contract manufacturing. This performance is a result of the dedication and relentless focus of our team members across the globe. We are connected by a strong responsibility and shared values that continue to help us succeed each day. I want to acknowledge these efforts and say thank you.  Looking ahead, we remain well positioned with the right growth strategy around execute, innovate and grow. Our solid order book of committed orders reinforces the criticality of West's components and devices to address our customers' growing injectable drug demand, and we continue to deploy capital investments to support the increase in demand driven by the attractive end markets.  Turning to Slide 7. In addition to our financial momentum, there were several other notable accomplishments in 2022. We shipped close to 47 billion components touching billions of patient lives. As scientific and technical leaders in the industry, our customers expect us to help solve their problems. We continue to broaden insights with our expertise through our webinars, published articles and technical presentations. We partnered with Corning to build a next-generation leading elastomer-glass system. We launched Daikyo CZ 2.25 ml insert needle syringe to support the biologics market and secured 3 additional FDA-approved drugs using our SmartDose technology as we continue to bring additional value to our customers.  Lastly, we donated $2.75 million, but more importantly, our team members continue to volunteer their time to help our local communities with the greatest needs. Our heartfelt thoughts are with all those impacted by the devastating earthquake in Turkey and Syria, where we have provided aid through UNICEF.  Shifting to Slide 8. We continue to factor environmental considerations into every aspect of our business. Over the past 5 years, we have made tremendous strides across the 6 priority areas and newly defined performance indicators. I'm pleased that we're on target with 90% of our operational waste not being sent to landfills. Our pursuit of renewable energy alternatives has aided in a positive impact in the emission reduction. These efforts have been recognized with numerous ESG accolades in 2022. We look forward to sharing more detail in our corporate responsibility report to be published in the spring.  Turning to Slide 9. We continue to address the growing market needs with today's complex and sensitive molecules. At the recent Pharma Pack meeting, we introduced several new products for large volume delivery and complete vial containment solutions. One available product is our West Ready Pack with Corning's Valor ready-to-use vials. This will be the first of many products from our Corning partnership. The combination of these products eliminates the risk of delamination and reduces glass particulate in bulk filling lines. It is drug delivery innovations like this that ensures best-in-class performance with a value proposition to meet the increased regulatory expectations with a complete vial containment solution.  Moving to Slide 10. We are introducing full year 2023 financial guidance. This guidance is based on demand trends as well as our current capacity levels. It's also reinforced by our strong West and Daikyo participation rate in drug approvals, especially in biologics and biosimilars. We expect full year overall organic sales growth of approximately 3% to 4%, which includes a $303 million year-over-year decline in pandemic-related sales. Excluding this impact, we expect mid-teens overall base organic sales growth with proprietary products growth in the high teens and high single-digit growth in contract manufacturing.  2023 will represent a transition year for our margin profile as we see a headwind from COVID-19 HVPs. That said, our expected margins for this year are significantly above pre-pandemic 2019 levels. This underscores the strength of our financial construct with annual margin expansion of 100 basis points or more per year. In 2019, we posted operating margin of 16.1%. In 2023, we expect operating margin of 23% to 24%, which would represent an increase of approximately 800 basis points over a 4-year period.  Also, today we announced that the Board of Directors has authorized a new share repurchase plan as our prior plan was completed last year. This program is authorized for up to $1 billion of share repurchase. We note that this new program does not have a specified end date. As comparison, in 2022, our 12-month program was completed at $203 million of buybacks. And in 2021, our 12-month program was completed at $137 million of buybacks. This new $1 billion program will provide for a continuation of our share count-neutral strategy, which is assumed in our 2023 full year financial guidance. We believe this program will also provide flexibility for incremental share repurchases depending on various factors such as economic and market conditions.  Turning to Slide 11. As you can see from our guidance, we seek continued base momentum in 2023, and we're planning for a further additional growth as our customers are preparing for expanded success of their current biologics portfolio and drug launches. As such, we continue to drive forward to complete the installation of our capital expansion plans for additional HVP capacity. The picture shows the progression of our ongoing efforts. On my recent visit to Kinston, it was impressive to see the additional space added to accommodate the installation of new manufacturing equipment to address the growth of HVPs and plungers. Together with other site expansions, this will support future demand across our global manufacturing network.  Now I'd like to turn the call over to Bernard.
Bernard Birkett: Thank you, Eric, and good morning. We will first look at Q4 2022 revenues and profits, where we saw low single-digit organic sales growth and a decline in operating profit and diluted EPS. I will take you through the drivers impacting sales and margin in the quarter as well as some balance sheet takeaways. And finally, we will review our 2023 guidance.  First off, Q4. Our financial results are summarized on Slide 12 and the reconciliation of non-U.S. GAAP measures are described in Slides 20 to 23. We recorded net sales of $708.7 million in the quarter, representing organic sales growth of 2.6%. COVID-related net revenues are estimated to have been approximately $55 million in the quarter, an approximate $69 million reduction compared to the prior year. These net revenues include our assessment of components associated with vaccines, treatment and diagnosis of COVID-19 patients, offset by lower sales to customers affected by lower volumes due to the pandemic.  Looking at Slide 13. Proprietary Products sales grew organically by 1.8% in the quarter. High-value products, which made up approximately 72% of Proprietary Product sales in the quarter were flat compared to the prior year due to the reduction in COVID-related net revenues.  Looking at the performance of the market units, the generics market unit delivered double-digit growth led by ambition components and admin systems, while the pharma market unit experienced high single-digit growth led by NovaPure and Westar components. And the biologics market unit saw a mid-single-digit decline due to a reduction in sales related to COVID-19 vaccine.  Our Contract Manufacturing segment experienced net sales growth of 7% in the fourth quarter, primarily driven by sales of health care-related medical devices. Our adjusted operating profit margin of 22.4% was a 350 basis point decrease from the same period last year. Finally, adjusted diluted EPS declined 13.2% for Q4. Excluding stock-based compensation tax benefit of $0.06 in Q4, EPS declined by approximately 13.6%.  Now let's review the drivers in both our revenue and profit performance.  On Slide 14, we show the contributions to sales growth in the quarter. Sales price increases contributed $28.1 million or 3.8 percentage points of growth. Offsetting price was a foreign currency headwind of approximately $41.3 million and a negative mix impact of $8.9 million, primarily due to a reduction in COVID-19-related net demand.  Looking at margin performance, Slide 15 shows our consolidated gross profit margin of 37% for Q4 2022, down from 41.1% in Q4 2021. Proprietary Products fourth quarter gross profit margin of 41.6% was 470 basis points lower than the margin achieved in the fourth quarter of 2021. The key drivers for the decline in Proprietary Products gross profit margin were unfavorable mix from a reduction in sales related to COVID-19 vaccine and continued inflationary pressures on our plant costs, including raw materials, labor and overheads. The headwinds were partially offset by sales price increases. Contract Manufacturing fourth quarter gross profit margin of 15.4% was 110 basis points below the margin achieved in the fourth quarter of 2021. The decrease in margin is largely attributed to mix of products sold.  Now let's look at our balance sheet and review how we've done in terms of generating more cash.  On Slide 16, we have listed some key cash flow metrics. Operating cash flow was $724 million for the year, an increase of $140 million compared to the same period last year, a 24% increase. Operating cash flow in the period benefited from our working capital improvement. In 2022, we spent over $284 million on capital expenditures, a 12% increase over 2021. We continue to leverage our CapEx to increase our high-value product manufacturing capacity within our existing facilities in the U.S., Germany, Ireland and Singapore. Working capital of approximately $1.4 billion increased by $252.6 million from 2021, primarily due to higher accounts receivable from our increased sales, higher inventory levels and an increase in our cash position. Our cash balance at December 31 of $894.3 million was $131.7 million higher than our December 2021 balance. The increase in cash is primarily due to our operating results in the period, offset by our share repurchase program and higher CapEx.  Turning to guidance. Slide 10 provides a high-level summary. Full year 2023 net sales guidance will be in a range of $2.935 billion and $2.96 billion. There is an estimated headwind of $30 million based on current foreign exchange rates. We expect organic sales growth to be approximately 3% to 4%. We expect our full year 2023 adjusted diluted EPS guidance to be in a range of $7.25 to $7.40. Also, our CapEx guidance is $350 million for the year.  There are some key elements I want to bring your attention to as you review our guidance. Estimated FX headwind on EPS has an impact of approximately $0.11 based on current foreign currency exchange rates. We expect full year COVID-19 related net sales to be approximately $85 million compared to $388 million in 2022. And our guidance excludes future tax benefits from stock-based compensation.  I'd now like to turn the call back over to Eric.
Eric Green: Great. Thank you, Bernard. To summarize on Slide 17, the solid financial performance shared today continues to reaffirm that our growth strategy is working. We have a durable base business proven by our market-led approach which is delivering unique value to our customers. Our global operations team is efficiently manufacturing and delivering products in this complex environment with a focus on service and quality. And we're continuing to progress capital spending across our operations to meet current and anticipated future growth. We realize that our products in pursuit of scientific innovations are critical to health care across the globe which is why we're so committed to support patient health today and well into the future.  Shannon, we're ready to take questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Larry Solow with CJS Securities.
Lawrence Solow: Congrats on a good quarter, better than obviously we expected. Eric, maybe could you just discuss sort of the long-range outlook. HVP, I know you mentioned 72% of volume in the -- revenue in the quarter. But could you speak to it more on a volume basis and particularly some of the faster growing and higher margin, NovaPure and as you kind of send up the HVP curve, if you will, I mean, the opportunities over the next several years?
Eric Green: Yes. Thanks, Larry. No, you're right. So if you think about HVP right now, the amount of units produced from our manufacturing sites is roughly around 23% of the total volume. But as you rightly pointed out, it was about 72% of our sales in the last quarter. And the higher growth part of that high-value product spectrum of the portfolio is coming from our FluroTec all the way up to NovaPure. So NovaPure is becoming more meaningful. Obviously, it was a major element of the COVID-19 response. But with the number of biologic launches, the NovaPure is becoming a very attractive solution for our customers. So I would say it's early. The investments that we're making, particularly in our HVP plants of Kinston, Jersey Shore are around NovaPure plungers and other types of plungers to address future launches. So that's where the growth is really out portion is coming from the higher end of HVP as we speak.
Lawrence Solow: Okay. And how about just -- yes, go ahead, I'm sorry.
Bernard Birkett: If you look at the CapEx guidance as well that approximately 70% of that CapEx number is really to support growth initiatives and productivity improvements. And much of that is around high-value products. So that ties in with the outlook that we would see for the next number of years putting that capacity in place.
Lawrence Solow: And what about just generally in the industry, I know the trends have been biologics are obviously growing faster than overall drugs. Has that trend like accelerated over the last few years? Or what's the outlook there on a general macro level?
Eric Green: Yes. We believe the biologics and biosimilar space is going to be the fastest-growing area for new drug launches. If you think about the last year, though, however, it was interesting to see the number of ANDAs and also small molecules approved into the market. And fortunately, we have a strong position in those areas also. But I think if you kind of fast forward, you'll still see biologics and biosimilars be the fastest growth area in our space.
Lawrence Solow: Got it. And then just lastly, can you just give us sort of a -- just a brief update on the call, not sure if you had talked a little bit about Corning at all, but just sort of where we stand there? I know I think last year, you had even called out how much you're spending on R&D. I'm sure it's a pretty incremental piece this year as well. But I don't know what you could speak to on the R&D side and the cost, but maybe just sort of where we stand qualitatively, the revenue outlook and how big this could be over the next few years?
Eric Green: Yes, Larry, it's a really strong partnership, and we're really pleased that earlier this month, we were able to announce our first product launch of combining our West NovaPure stopper in Corning's Valor vials, which -- what we label as our Ready Pack solution. And just to remind everyone that this is kind of a seeder or a seed program that we use in the development of new molecules. So this has been very successful for us in the past. We're leveraging this channel to introduce this combination going forward. It's a great testament of the focus between the 2 firms on really bringing the product together as a complete solution. And so while this is early, we saw more work to do. We have a number of launches that we have scheduled, whether it's in 2023, 2024. Ultimately, where we want to get to is a complete solution with the 1 drug master vial. So it's a complete fully characterized system. And so that we'll continue required investments. And so if you look at our R&D spend in 2023, it will be slightly up, and a good portion of that incremental piece will be around the West-Corning partnership.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Matt Larew with William Blair.
Matthew Larew: I just wanted to ask just you referenced sort of the committed order book. And I'm curious maybe if you compare the composition of that order book today versus pre-COVID, obviously, on the non-COVID part? Maybe just in terms of what NovaPure and FluroTec demand look like? I guess the question is, out of the potential FluroTec customers who you start engaging with, what does the conversion look like -- excuse me, on the NovaPure side, what does the conversion look like, in terms of folks who ultimately end up choosing to go with NovaPure perhaps versus a few years ago?
Eric Green: Yes. Thank you for the question. So when I look at the order book versus pre-pandemic and then strip out the COVID piece, overall, it's a net increase where we were at that point in time. When you look at the composite of the growth of that order book, it is really driven by our high-value products, and particularly the higher end HVPs, we're seeing a healthy growth in plungers, not just in the NovaPure sector, but in the other categories of HVP. But -- so from an order -- committed order book perspective, that's the kind of the characteristics we're seeing right now.  In regards to the adoption rate, it's actually quite high. So our participation rate, particularly in the biologics and biosimilars is very, very strong. And what we are doing is we're seeding with the NovaPure portfolio. And once that is locked in, in the development phase as they go through into commercialization, that's the end result. Better outcomes for our customers, obviously, better compatibility with the drug molecule. So we're very excited to see the continuation of that adoption of NovaPure and that's hence the reason why we're putting these investments in place, and we're seeing more of a transition from vials to prefilled syringes which will require our plungers. So that's where we are, but it's a very, very healthy growth profile of the higher end of HVPs.
Matthew Larew: And then just maybe a cleanup one on the equipment issues you referenced on the third quarter call. How does that end up impacting fourth quarter results relative to expectations of where do things stand now halfway into the first quarter of '23?
Eric Green: Yes. So those issues are resolved. The team did a really great job to resolve the issues and get our manufacturing facilities back up online. Fully validated, characterized and be able to support commercial production. That was done in, I'd say, mid part of Q4, a little bit later in that part of the quarter. So we're full out right now in Q1. And I'm excited that we have that at this point to allow us to get some of the backlog caught up in the early parts of this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jacob Johnson with Stephens.
Jacob Johnson: Congrats on a nice quarter. Maybe kind of following up on that last question. Just Bernard, as we think about how the year plays out, anything you'd highlight in terms of seasonality or kind of margin progression, revenue progression throughout the year? And maybe along those same lines, can you just remind us when you have the toughest comps from COVID that you'll be lapping from 2022?
Bernard Birkett: Yes. So I think from a cadence perspective, going back to what we would have seen kind of pre-COVID where first quarter is usually a little bit lighter, picks up a bit in the second quarter and then levels out in Q3 and Q4. And from a comp perspective, I think a lot of the COVID revenues we would have had would have been in the first half of 2022. So that's where, I won't say challenges, but that's where the biggest comps are going to be from that perspective, and then some in Q3 and then obviously lighter in Q4.
Jacob Johnson: Got it. And then on contract manufacturing, nice to see a return to growth there, uptick in revenue in the quarter. I think gross margin was down sequentially. Can you just hit on what drove both? And maybe related, you're pointing to, I think, pretty robust growth in 2023. Were there some investments you're making for this year and kind of again along the same lines, what's driving the growth in that business in 2023?
Bernard Birkett: Yes. I think as you'll remember, when we were talking through 2022, a lot of the challenges we face within contract manufacturing is really around 1, 2 -- 1 customer mainly and a shift in their business. And so as that kind of have tailed off towards the back end of the year, it allows us to be able to return to growth. And then we actually saw demand increase from our existing customer base probably a little bit ahead of where we would have anticipated going into the fourth quarter. So that was again positive to see. And what we would expect as we move into 2023 that we will be seeing mid-single-digit growth for our contract manufacturing on our existing business and then layering in new business at the same time. So we continue to make some investments in that area.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Knight with KeyBanc.
Paul Knight: The question is, I touched on it, I guess, is COVID probably starts flow then they manufacture more product Q2, Q3, right? And then less in Q4. That's the question one. And then the other would be regarding this prefilled syringe market is that really what you're seeing as biggest opportunity right now?
Eric Green: Yes. Paul, that's a good question. So the first part is that when we think about the COVID, it's -- we're looking about right now, approximately $85 million for 2023 is relatively kind of evenly spread. We can't get any more granular than that at this point. But as you know, we were much higher than that last year. So we do have the capabilities to manufacture accordingly.  In regards to the prefilled syringe, when you think about our investments, particularly in the last couple of years and working with some of the launches in anticipation around plungers, which obviously supports the prefilled syringe space is actually -- we're anticipating higher growth in that area. And that is -- equipment is coming online as we speak. I mentioned a little bit in my prepared remarks about Kinston, a lot of the additional equipment in there is really geared around plungers. And so I'm excited to build support that part of the market as we see the prefilled syringe market continue to expand with high growth. So we're going to play in that, and we're prepared for it, and that's where investments are really focused on today.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin, Bank of America.
Derik De Bruin: So can you talk a little bit about sort of like pricing? You got about 4% in 4Q. How should we think about that in '23? Are you -- I know you were debating taking some higher pricing. You're looking at your pricing dynamics as things are going forward. And I guess, have you done that? And are you -- have you seen any pushback from your customers?
Eric Green: Yes. Thanks for the question. So you're right. We have implemented in the fourth quarter of 2022, obviously, discussions with our customers about the 2023 calendar year. Our net price increase will go up in 2023, and that is obviously for all the right reasons, particularly with some of the inflationary challenges and so forth that I think all industries are being faced with. So I think the team responded appropriately. I believe we took a very -- very well-balanced approach. We do have certain customers on contracts, so we did have some limitations. However, overall, with the new pricing team and strategy we put in place a couple of years ago, we're starting to see that pay off. So that will be rolling out as we speak and already this quarter and will be rolling throughout 2023. But Bernard, do you want to provide more color on that?
Bernard Birkett: Yes. So our -- I think in the fourth quarter, we said we did about 3.8% of pricing. We're targeting 5% to 6% on price as we move through 2023. So it is a bit of a step up. And part of that is to take into account the inflationary cost pressures that we're also seeing. But as Eric said, you can see the trajectory and our price increases over the last number of years and how we're approaching that. That's also been on the increase.
Derik De Bruin: Great. Just a little bit of an accounting question. What was the tailwind from stock-based comp in '22? And your initial tax rates are never what you end up being with for the full year. So is it comparable to think -- is it reasonable to think you get a comparable benefit in '23?
Bernard Birkett: We guide without it because it's very hard for us to estimate it. If you look at -- last year, it was about $0.22, I believe. So it's -- we guide without it for a reason because it is so hard for us to predict that's kind of outside of our control.
Derik De Bruin: Got it. And if I can squeeze one more in, if you don't mind. How should we think about the economics on the prefilled syringes? I mean, obviously, there's a lot of new drugs coming out for metabolic disease, for obesity. And how should we think about your potential profitability or the revenues associated with one of those units? And just give us some way to sort of like ballpark what your -- I mean what your revenue contribution could be on something like that?
Eric Green: Yes. So if you think about the prefilled syringe area and the plungers, we are -- it depends on if it's NovaPure, it's pretty comparable to -- we talk about the $0.88 to over $1 a unit. But if it's not the NovaPure, other types of HVPs you have a very large range between, let's call it, $0.40 per unit. So you can see the range that we're operating in. From a margin perspective, again, if it is HVP that could range anywhere between 55% to 80%.  So I'm giving you a very broad range because not all molecules have the same requirements. But what's good around our investment thesis in our facilities, particularly on plungers is that the equipment and the processes are somewhat fungible. So we can leverage the existing assets we're putting into the current drug launches, but also the anticipated areas of potential growth. So we're positioned well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Sourbeer with UBS.
John Sourbeer: I guess maybe digging in a little bit more on the new capacity coming online in the CapEx. Any color just on pacing there for the year? And then just a follow-up on the equipment and the delays in 3Q. I think that was around the $30 million a month headwind. Can we assume now that this is up, that's contributing around $30 million a month as well?
Bernard Birkett: Yes. The impact in Q3 was about $30 million. And that may vary depending on volume mix as we go through each quarter. So it's hard to say, it's $30 million each quarter. It would be difficult to commit to that at this point. But in saying that all of those problems that we had in Q3 have been resolved, as Eric kind of talked about earlier, and much of that happened as we progressed through Q4.  And on the pacing of layering in new CapEx, that will happen as we move through 2023. So it's not all at once. We'll see some of it as we get into the back end of the second quarter particularly in Kinston, where we are getting new parts of our facility up and running with the equipment that we've installed there. And then as we progress through the year, there will be equipment layered in in the other HVP sites.
John Sourbeer: Got it. I appreciate it. And then I guess just maybe on COVID, it looks like you lowered the guidance there slightly. I guess just any thoughts on just where endemic levels go from here? How much more further drop do you think that you see coming down from COVID beyond 2023?
Bernard Birkett: It's hard to estimate that. Like we've tried to -- well, we've given our best estimate based on the information that we have today. If we thought it was going to drop any further, and we would have included that in the guidance. But based on what we see today, that's where we think it's going to play out.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Windley with Jefferies.
David Windley: I hope you can hear me. I wanted to -- I've got a couple of follow-ups, but I wanted to start with just asking if you would level set where the market units are with kind of generics having a strong end of the year and biologics down, those are kind of opposite directions than is normal. What's the kind of relative sizing of your 4 segments of the business so we have a base to work off of?
Bernard Birkett: Yes. So if you look at biologics as we go into 2023, the biggest drop -- or the biggest impact of COVID revenues being reducing is within the biologics segment. So we do see a reduction there. But if you back that out, we're actually seeing very strong double-digit growth within the biologics segment for our core business. And then as we progress through '23 on generics, again, we would be looking to see high single-digit, early double-digit growth, pharma, high single digits and then contract manufacturing, as we said earlier, mid-single-digit growth.
David Windley: Okay. And Bernard, so to apply those, so is it like I think biologics was 40% to 45%. I'm just looking for should I think about with the kind of COVID correction that it's closer to the 40%? I'm just looking for kind of the percentages to apply those growth percentages to.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. It's -- biologics was mid-40s. It's going to come back a slight bit. So you're probably 40% to 45%. And then -- pharma and contract was about 17% or 18%.
David Windley: That's fine. I can follow up offline. On the installation of the equipment and Eric, we talked about in Kinston, the washing equipment in that process, I guess I was under the impression that that was specifically NovaPure and maybe even more specifically NovaPure plunger equipment, but Bernard's answered the last question that it kind of varies that that $30 million a month will vary based on volume and mix, maybe I misunderstood what -- how fungible that equipment is across your product lines? So perhaps you could further elaborate on that, please?
Eric Green: Yes. No, absolutely. So specifically the equipment that we've discussed about Q3, that was ongoing operations, not specifically just NovaPure. So you have washers that wash -- pharmaceutical washing capability that supports really the high-value product portfolio. The vision that you -- the washing equipment that you were able to see that is for NovaPure. So some of the equipment is not fungible, but the core elements of the equipment is. But the growth that we're having, based off of that equipment you looked at was really around the heavy part about the NovaPure. There's some mix effect to it. And in the future investments we're making that you saw in Kinston, that is -- that's, again, it's a wide range of high-value products. FluroTec all the way up to NovaPure.
David Windley: Okay. So where I wanted to go with that, and I'll make this my last one, is you're losing the year-over-year COVID $300-ish million. Management has made the point that that has been very high gross margin, high incremental margin revenue. And so that creates, I think, contributes to this transition year on margin, Eric, that you mentioned in your prepared remarks, it seems like as you've put some of this equipment in place that was the hold up in 3Q, again, your last answer helps me to understand that better. But the revenue potential that that equipment unlocks is in the neighborhood of the revenue that you're losing from COVID. I guess I now understand that maybe the margin on that revenue that's coming in is perhaps not quite as rich as COVID, you could confirm that for me. But just thinking about that and any other factors that we should be keeping in mind that influence that margin transition that are not as rich as the COVID revenue that is coming off?
Bernard Birkett: Yes. Dave, I'll take that. And just going back to your last question on the split, just to clear that up. So the -- as a percentage of proprietary sales, biologics is like mid-40s, generics, mid-20s and then pharma in a low 30% range, and that will get you to the split.  With regard to your question on margin, it's not as simple as one product coming out and another product going in. So we're looking at it where there's a mix impact, obviously, with the COVID revenues falling off and they have been higher-margin products. And we've also got the impact of inflation on our cost base. So you've got those 2 headwinds. And then as we alluded to, we talked about earlier is the increase in price that we're seeing is above what we would normally see in our business. So that helps offset some of this margin pressure.  And then we have a very specific cost initiatives within our business, both from an operations manufacturing perspective and then on SG&A and R&D, really looking at cost control and cost management. That is delivering a number of efficiencies for us. So it helps us to overcome some of the margin challenges, but not all of them. And then that goes back to the point earlier, we're not actually -- margin is not stepping back to pre-COVID levels. We're maintaining or holding on to a lot of the improvements that we made or the gains that we made.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Justin Bowers with Deutsche Bank.
Justin Bowers: Just piggybacking on Dave's question. Can you help us understand and maybe it's a range of sort of what the margin profile is on the C-19 business? And then with respect to the new capacity that's coming online in 2023, can you help us understand how that phases in? Is it ratable? Or is it more second half loaded? Any color there would be helpful.
Bernard Birkett: So the margin on the COVID products would have been at the higher end of our margin range because a lot of that was NovaPure. So you could have been looking at range of 60% to 70% plus. And then on the CapEx piece on that being layered in, it's -- a lot of it has been layered in and commissioned as we speak. But to see the impact of it will be more so in the back half of the year when it's fully operational and we're able to put a lot of volume through.
Justin Bowers: Understood. And then just a quick one on China. Maybe a status update on the 2 plants over there? And any thoughts on how that impacts the progression of the year?
Eric Green: Yes. In China, the -- our business impact for West overall is quite low. A lot of the activity that we're manufacturing we do in China is for China. And so we have a really strong team there in our facility in Qingpu that continues to capture more share within the market. But our reliance on that -- on our team there to export is very low. And again, overall value or revenues and profits to the corporation is very small. So that's our impact in China. Our supply chain, if you think about procuring materials, is not heavily dependent on that part of the world. The team has done a really good job. Many of our products are co-located to our manufacturing sites. So that's how we've set up our procurement and supply chain of raw materials.
Operator: I would now like to turn the conference back over to Quintin Lai for closing remarks.
Quintin Lai: Thanks, Shannon, and thank all of you for joining us on today's conference call. An online archive of the broadcast will be available on our website at westpharma.com in the Investors section. Additionally, you may access a replay for 30 days following this presentation by using the dial-in numbers and conference ID provided at the end of today's earnings release. That concludes this call. Have a nice day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Q3 2022 West Pharmaceutical Services Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Quintin Lai, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Quintin Lai: Thank you, Gigi. Good morning, and welcome to West's third quarter 2022 conference call. We issued our financial results this morning, and the release has been posted in the Investors section on the company's website located at westpharma.com. This morning, Eric Green and Bernard Birkett will review our financial results, provide an update on our business, provide an update on our financial outlook for the full year of 2022 and an introduction to a preliminary 2023 outlook. There is a slide presentation that accompanies today's call and a copy of that presentation is available on the Investors section of our website. On Slide 4 is our safe harbor statement. Statements made by management on this call and in the accompanying presentation contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. federal securities law. These statements are based on our beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. The company's future results are influenced by many factors beyond the control of the company. Actual results could differ materially from past results as well as those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement made here. Please refer to today's press release as well as any other disclosures made by the company regarding the risks to which it is subject, including our 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports. During today's call, management will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures, including organic net sales, adjusted operating profit, adjusted operating profit margin and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in this morning's earnings release. I'd now turn the call over to our CEO, Eric Green.
Eric Green: Thank you, Quintin, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. We'll start on Slide 5. I'll begin by covering three main topics, first, examining the drivers of lower than expected Q3 results. Second, examining the impact to Q4, and third, providing color on our current view of market demand and projecting a preliminary sales outlook for 2023. Let's begin with Q3. As expected, we had a few drivers in the quarter that materialized. We had headwinds from FX. We had declining sales in contract manufacturing, and we had a decline in COVID-19-related sales of about $20 million from last year. If we exclude the headwinds from COVID, proprietary organic sales grew over 11%. However, this performance was below our expectations for the quarter. When we provided guidance on the Q2 earnings call, we projected that we would be able to shift resources, formerly dedicated to pandemic-related production to other HVP products that are experiencing increased demand. Specifically, we plan to successfully address this transitioned by accelerating customer orders for NovaPure plungers and fulfilling customer HVP orders originally requested for this year but pushed to 2023 because of longer lead times. These two factors were the underlying drivers to our guidance of strong double-digit base organic net sales in Q3 and Q4. Instead, as the quarter progressed, we underestimated the complexity of the transition and were impacted with a series of setbacks related to capacity constraints and mix shift productivity. Much of our vaccine stoppers were going to fewer customers with fewer SKUs. This enabled high productivity and throughput with our HVP network. When transitioning to NovaPure plungers, we now are addressing demand coming from numerous customers, addressing drugs across numerous diseases and more SKUs. The end result is lower throughput through our existing HVP manufacturing sites. And compounding this situation further, as the quarter progressed, we had a reduction in capacity in our HVP operating network through a combination of equipment downtime and project delays related to the installation of HVP processing equipment. We estimate that the total negative impact to Q3 was $30 million. While we see these issues as temporary and expect full resolution in 2023, they will continue to impact us in Q4. As we look at the capacity constraints, we project that additional HVP processing capacity will come online early next year based on the time line to install and validate the newer technology. Since we are already running at full capacity, we also are unable to address the additional demand coming from long lead time items in Q4. Altogether, while we still expect our base business ex-COVID to grow more than 10% in Q4, we will not be able to offset the expected $80 million reduction in COVID-19 sales. While I'm disappointed that we're lowering our forecast for the rest of 2022, I want to stress that these issues are all supply-related and not demand related. Moving to Slide 6. Our robust order book of committed orders, excluding declining COVID-19-related demand grew 20% year-over-year. Our customers have reiterated that they're looking to West to deliver the critical components and devices to address the growing injectable drug demand. And we have several customers that have notified us of potential upside demand, especially for NovaPure plungers beyond our current order book based on future drug launches. As we look at 2023, we are confident and expect most of the capacity issues will be resolved early in the year. Taking a reasonable view on capacity expansion and customer delivery timing, our preliminary look at 2023 includes the following projections. First, we now assume that COVID-19 sales will decline to a full year 2023 sales of approximately $90 million or a 75% decline from 2022. This is based on current customer forecasts, which we believe assumes a continuation of current trends and COVID booster demand. We expect non-COVID-19 overall base business to grow in the double digits and in excess of our financial construct of 7% to 9%. Base proprietary products are expected to grow in the low teens led by biologics, and we expect CM sales to rebound to growth next year. Our participation rate in recently approved new molecular entities in the U.S. and Europe remain strong. Our components by West or our partner, Daikyo, are expecting almost all the biologics and biosimilars approved so far in 2022 and majority of small molecules approved. Adding it all together, our prelimited view is that we will have positive organic sales growth in 2023, despite an anticipated decline of approximately $280 million of COVID-19 sales. We will provide more detailed guidance on our Q4 call in February of next year. Now shifting to Slide 7 and some highlights from the quarter. I want to first thank our team members who continue to focus on our purpose to deliver superior value to customers through our high quality products and solutions to make a meaningful difference to patients' lives. An example of this dedication and resiliency was evident in the recent response to the hurricanes that devastated Puerto Rico and Florida. Despite the personal impacts to our team members, they ensure their plants continued to produce and ship product with minimal impact. Just another great testimony to the strength of our One West team. We continue to make good strides with the opportunity to improve at-home management of diseases. I'm pleased to share that earlier this month, our customer, scPharmaceuticals, received FDA approval for FUROSCIX delivered via on-body infuser, utilizing West SmartDose on-body drug delivery technology. This brings us to four FDA-approved drugs using our SmartDose technology. Our strategic collaboration with Corning is moving along. We anticipate that in Q1 2023, West Ready Pack System with Valor glass vials, a ready to use sterile packaging system for use with NovaPure stoppers will be available to customers. Lastly, our West experts are pleased to be back in-person at recently held PDA Conference and upcoming CPHI worldwide showcasing our leadership with new scientific insights and technical developments across our portfolio of high quality drug delivery and devices. Moving to Slide 8. With the capital spending investments initiated in 2020 for the larger capacity expansion, we continued to drive forward to complete the installation of our 2021 expansions and initiated the next tranche of investment earlier this year. You can see from the pictures how impressed of the ongoing expansions are across our sites. While they do not happen overnight, we are making good progress and expect all these investments will result in several billion units of increased capacity for our HVP components. Now, Ill turn the call over to Bernard.
Bernard Birkett: Thank you, Eric, and good morning. So lets review the numbers in more detail. Well first look at Q3 2022 revenues and profits, where we saw mid-single digits organic sales growth led by performance in our biologics and generics market units. I will take you through the profit drivers in the quarter as well as some balance sheet takeaways. And finally, we will provide an update to our 2022 guidance. First up, Q3. Our financial results are summarized on Slide 9 and the reconciliation of non-U.S. GAAP measures are described in Slides 18 to 21. We recorded net sales of $686.9 million, representing organic sales growth of 4.3%. Looking at Slide 10, proprietary products sales grew organically by 5.5% in the quarter. High value products, which made up approximately 72% of proprietary product sales in the quarter, grew mid-single digits and had growth across our biologics and generic market units in Q3. Looking at the performance of market units, the biologics market unit delivered mid-single digit growth. We continue to work with many biotech and biopharma customers who are using West and Daikyo high-value products. The generics market unit also experienced mid-single digit growth led by sales of Westar components. Our pharma market units are low single digit growth with sales led by high-value products, including NovaPure and Westar components. And contract manufacturing declined 1.2% for the third quarter due to a reduction in sales of components for diagnostic devices. We recorded $268 million in gross profit, $20.2 million or 7% below Q3 of last year and our gross profit margin of 39% was a 180 basis point decline from the same period last year. We saw a 2% increase in adjusted operating profit with $186.4 million record at this quarter compared to $182.8 million in the same period last year. And our adjusted profit margin of 27.1% was a 120 basis point increase from the same period last year. Finally, adjusted diluted EPS declined $0.03 for Q3, excluding stock-based compensation tax benefit EPS increased by approximately $0.05 and foreign currency negatively impacted our EPS by approximately $0.16 in the quarter. So lets review the drivers in both the revenue and profit performance. On Slide 11, we show the contributions to sales decline in the quarter. Volume and mix decreased by approximately $1 million in the quarter net of approximately $20 million decrease in COVID sales. Sales price increases contributed $31.1 million or 4.4 percentage points in the quarter. Foreign currency generated approximately $49.8 million headwind on revenue in the quarter. Looking at margin performance, Slide 12 shows our consolidated gross profit margin of 39% for Q3 2022 down from 40.8% in Q3 2021. Proprietary products third quarter gross profit margin of 43.6% was 270 basis points lower than the margin achieved in the third quarter of 2021. The decline in proprietary products gross profit margin was caused by a few key factors. Delays in equipment expansion projects, which led to production bottlenecks in certain  in meeting certain customer demand, customer demand mix shift led to a greater than anticipated impact due to the delays mentioned above, as well as continued inflationary pressures on our plant costs, including raw materials, labor, overheads and transportation. Partially offsetting these headwinds on our margin were sales price increases of a 180 basis points of benefit associated with one-time fees from COVID supply agreements. Contract manufacturing third quarter gross profit margin of 17.3% was 120 basis points above the margin achieved in the third quarter of 2021. The increase in margin is largely attributed to price increases in the period and production efficiencies. Now lets look at our balance sheet and review how weve done in terms of generating more cash for the business. On Slide 13, we have listed some key cash flow metrics. Operating cash flow was $493.2 million for the nine months ended September 2022, an increase of $70 million compared to the same period last year, a 16.5% increase. Our operating cash flow in the nine months period benefited from a working capital performance. Our third quarter 2022 year-to-date capital spending was $189.7 million, $12.8 million higher than the same period last year. Working capital of approximately $1.27 billion at September 30, 2022 increased by $129 million from December 31, 2021, primarily due to increase in inventory and reductions in our accounts payable. Our cash balance at September 30 of $729 million was $33.6 million lower than our December 2021 balance. The decrease in cash is primarily due to our share repurchase program, a $43.7 million scheduled payment of debt principle and interest in the third quarter and higher CapEx offset by our operating cash flow in the period. Turning to guidance. Slide 14 provides a high level summary. We are updating our full year 2022 net sales guidance and expect net sales to be in a range of $2.83 billion and $2.84 billion compared to our prior guidance range of $2.95 billion to $2.975 billion. There is an estimated fourth quarter headwind $60 million based on current foreign exchange rates. We expect organic sales growth to be approximately 7% compared to prior guidance of approximately 11%. We expect our full year 2022 adjusted diluted EPS guidance to be in a range of $8.15 to $8.20 compared to a prior range of $9 to $9.15. This revised guidance includes our $0.16 EPS positive impact of tax benefits from stock-based compensation during the nine month period. Also we are updating our CapEx guidance to $300 million to $320 million compared to a prior estimate of $380 million for the year. There are some key elements I want to bring your attention to as you review our guidance. Estimated FX headwind on EPS in the fourth quarter was approximately $0.17 headwind. We expect full year COVID-19 related sales to be approximately $85 million lower than 2021 sales, unchanged from our prior guidance. And our guidance excludes future tax benefits from stock-based compensation. I would now like to turn the call back over to Eric.
Eric Green: Thank you, Bernard. To summarize on Slide 15, looking ahead with a sharpened focus, we continue to ensure our growth strategy is bringing value to our customers. Our committed order book remains robust. We continue to capture the benefits of the globalization of our operating network and delivering products in this complex environment. And we continue to drive forward the capital investments across our operations to meet current and anticipated future growth. Gigi, were ready to take questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Paul Knight from KeyBanc.
Paul Knight: Hi, Eric. On the CapEx, its now $300 million to $320 million verse $380 million prior is that a signal that you see lower demand? Is it difficulty getting equipment? Whats behind that lower CapEx guidance?
Eric Green: Yes. Paul, the lower CapEx guidance is really two things. One is delivery of equipment thats been delayed in a couple instances and also longer duration of capital build up projects. So were seeing that as the impact, not demand. We still need the capital in place to really get caught up to the demand we have in our hands today.
Paul Knight: And then you mentioned that the transition from COVID and a few customers to many customers on the plunger side. Are there also some  weve also seen some huge prescriptions out of recent approvals. Are those also surprising you in terms of some of these large prescription trends that are being seen in the market?
Eric Green: Yes, Paul. Thats one of the drivers of the healthy order  committed order book. And that is particularly in the biologics area, were seeing out size growth than we anticipated working with our customers.
Paul Knight: And last on the plunger side, where will that product be made?
Eric Green: Well, we have really five key high-value product plants. The two that have probably the most constraints right now are here in the United States, Kinston and Jersey Shore, and were currently working to have that resolved as we speak.
Paul Knight: Okay. Thanks.
Eric Green: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Larry Solow from CJS Securities.
Larry Solow: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. I guess, first question, Eric is just  I know you normally I guess to give some a little preliminary outlook this time of year, but just sort of trying to gauge at your confidence level. Obviously, a little bit of a surprise in terms of looks like customer inventory management is skewing your numbers a little bit and obviously some of the capacity issues. Just curious like your confidence level today to give pretty good guidance for next year, some nice clarity on the revenue side. Is it just you felt like you had to put that out today? Or what kind of gives you that extra confidence sort of in a  looks like a little bit of a challenging short-term period?
Eric Green: Yes. Larry, thank you for the questions. So theres two things to give you insights on. One is, when you think about inventory management, the only part of our business where theres fluctuation, I would say is around the COVID-19 vaccines. That has been quite volatile in the last several months. And I would argue that transition to lower volume has been a little bit faster than we anticipated. But when it comes to demand for our other products, particularly base, think about our high-value products, were not seeing that inventory management. In fact, just meeting with customers more recently, they are very keen for us to get the installed equipment thats currently being worked on and validated and up and running to really alleviate some of the bottlenecks that we have today. So we dont see that large any major movement. We did, however, for clarity, I did say in the script that as we went through 2022, our lead times were extended because of the demand we had on COVID at the time, and therefore, we had orders that we were committing to customers in early 2023. But that wasnt driven by any inventory management that was driven by our visibility to make the order in a timely fashion. Now, on the second part  Larry, the second part on giving guidance or giving visibility of sales, I think its important to give context with what we just described about installation capacity and the current demand to give visibility what were seeing thats going into 2023 with a high degree of confidence.
Larry Solow: Got it. Okay. No, I appreciate that color. And it sounds like youre  theres no real change, it sounds like in terms of customer demand and you guys are continuing obviously to build out capacity. It doesnt feel like  it just feels like its a completely a supply issue. Is that fair to say, no ambiguity?
Eric Green: Yes, Larry, thats fair to say. So as we transition from very long runs of NovaPure stoppers to shorter runs of NovaPure plungers as an example. The equipment that we had intended to be ready to go halfway through this year, which is thats the delay that weve been discussing as caused that mix shift, lack of productivity. And so once thats up and running, we will be in a good position to fulfil those orders in a timely fashion.
Larry Solow: Okay. Great. And just last question perhaps for Bernard. And I know you guys are not ready to a little early on giving full guidance. But in terms of just high level margin outlook, what needs to kind of go right or wrong? What could happen? Could you keep margins flat with overall revenue growing? Although COVID, probably little higher margin revenue coming down from a very high level. Is that  do you think feasible?
Bernard Birkett: Yes. Just on the margin, well provide more color on the margins and earnings on our usual timing on our Q4 call here in February. But there are a number of things that we are monitoring really closely, just like everybody else at the moment. Were looking to figure out how FX is going to settle in for early 2023, and its really  its much too early to make a call on that given the volatility that were seeing today. And then secondly, were looking at monitoring the inflationary costs right across the spectrum for materials, energy, labor. And again, its early to make a call on many of those. And then thirdly, were in the process of preparing our price increases for next year, especially in light of that second topic around the inflation rate costs. So thats evolving. And so then, the fourth point, well examine again, how fast we can get that extra capacity online to generate those demand  currently demand at HVP sales. So if we can do it sooner than our guidance, theres upside there to our sales and associated profits with that. I mean, the growth in our base HVP business and HVP margins that will come with that were looking to offset that decline around C-19. But again, we have to manage through a lot of these issues at the moment. So, the big positive for us is, is the demand is there and were seeing increasing demand around high-value products, particularly around plungers that Eric just mentioned. So as soon as we are on that call, well give you more update.
Larry Solow: Yes, fair enough. I appreciate those points. Thanks guys.
Bernard Birkett: Thank you, Larry.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes in the line of Derik DeBruin from Bank of America.
Derik DeBruin: Hi, good morning. Just like clarify the comment, I mean, youre talking about seeing positive organic revenue growth next year. I mean, is that  are we talking 1%? Are we talking to sort of back to this 7% to 9% range? And along those lines, to get to positive that sort of implies that your overall HVP next year  proprietary products next year have to grow well in excess of that 7% to 9% range. I mean, are those  can you just sort of provide a little bit more color in terms of how we should think about? I mean, the big range to sort of think about.
Eric Green: Ill start and Bernard, if you want to add. So youre right, the non-COVID related based business and proprietary is going to have very strong double digits, and its be led by biologics. But were also seeing strength in both generics and pharma. But the key drivers can be the biologics and the portfolio thatll support that is mostly around our HVP higher end of the portfolio NovaPure and FluroTec and particularly around plungers. Bernard you want to give more color?
Bernard Birkett: Yes. As Eric said that we would expect to see on our base business double digit growth, within that base thats going to be north of our construct that we put out there. So were looking at that base business to be able to offset the C-19 and decline that we potentially could see here. And then, again, looking at the timing of capacity, there could be some upside there also for us.
Derik DeBruin: Got it. And back to the margin question, I mean, we sort of look at the  I guess its the question of whats the worst case scenario that youre sort of looking at for next year? I mean, is there a situation where you cant get the capacity online further push out? I guess theres some fear that the fourth quarter number that you put up, if you sort of annualize that going into next year, its pretty ugly in terms of an EPS perspective. I mean, is that a worst case scenario? Just sort of help us sort of understand what the parameters are around the risk to you not being able to sort of bring capacity online? And going back to sort of like the margin profile, sort of thinking about how this all goes through.
Eric Green: Yes. On getting that capacity online, thats actually in progress. And as we mentioned in the comments at the start, we would expect to see that early 2023. So, we are reasonably confident around having that uplift.
Derik DeBruin: Got it. And just to sort of reiterate rhetoric point, youre not seeing any inventory-related issues, but can you give us sort of like any indication of what some of the drugs youre like scaling on for  are you involved in obesity drugs that are coming up and coming online. Just to sort of give us a sense of where some of the demand is coming from?
Eric Green: Yes, well give you a couple areas. We dont give specific customers or drug molecules, particularly on the elastomers unless our customers will articulate that publicly. But they do tend to be  first of all, we're seeing, as I indicated a little bit earlier, success is some very drug launches, particularly in biologics that were over the last few years, and that's quite positive. We are obviously in discussions around the obesity drug launches that are being looked at in the marketplaces, diabetes, obviously, those are the key large volume areas that where West is part of those conversations. But going any further into specific drug molecule or a specific customer that would be  we just simply don't go down that path.
Derik DeBruin: Thank you. I will get into queue. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Dave Windley from Jefferies.
Dave Windley: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Bernard, you mentioned in your prepared remarks, I think I kind of missed it, but 180 basis points in reference to COVID supply agreement and we had in our notes that there was some carryover take-or-pay related revenue or payment that you were expecting had it in 2Q expected some again in 3Q. Was that the same thing? And could you elaborate, quantify that for us, please?
Bernard Birkett: Yes, it was the same. It was relating to the same customer. It had to get split over two quarters. So that's what we relate to and then there were some other smaller bits that were not really material, but it was primarily related to one customer.
Dave Windley: And the 180 basis points, I missed the detail that was a benefit to gross margin. What was the 180?
Bernard Birkett: Yes, it was to gross margin.
Dave Windley: Yes. Okay. In thinking about your fourth quarter guidance and kind of dovetailing on both Derik and I think Larry's questions on margin, it looks like the fourth quarter gross margin proprietary product is probably down in the mid-30s, maybe lower. And so I wondered if you could help us to understand, is that just basically unutilized or underutilized capacity because so much COVID is coming out and before you're really able to ramp high value for these other products, it sounds like plungers mostly? Or what other factors should we be thinking about relative to fourth quarter margin? And how much that does or does not set the baseline for thinking about 2023?
Bernard Birkett: Yes. So in the fourth quarter, as a carryover from the issues that we experienced in Q3 with the delays and after getting equipment in place and then the impact that's having on our throughput and then also has been able to work through this mix shift change at the same time. When we layer in the capacity in early 2023 and that will resolve a lot of that problem. So it's really down to having that increased capacity and throughput. So we don't believe it will reoccur.
Dave Windley: So pardon the follow-up. So I know you probably don't want to get into too much operational minutia, but adding capacity doesn't sound like something that levers margin. That sounds like something that adds more cost. It seems like you would want more volume on the same capacity to get the margin backup so maybe you could help us to understand kind of how that flows and how that works?
Bernard Birkett: So it's not  it's actually going to enable us to clear more products through or end of lines with the capacity will actually help our HVP sales and help distribute fixed cost and improve our absorption. So it's not that we're going to layer in more cost and it's going to be detrimental. It actually gives us the ability to sell more high value products and get it through our plants actually quicker. So we can realize those revenues faster.
Dave Windley: And zooming out a little bit on high value, I think, we probably been slow to absorb it in the market, but your COVID product mix, you'd consistently highlighted that FluroTec and NovaPure were popular in that market or to those customers. It sounds like NovaPure is  you're still calling out NovaPure and NovaPure plungers, I'd ask if we should be thinking that those plungers are purely NovaPure or if it's more of a mix. But the general question here is, how should we think about the mix within the high value products as you move out of COVID heavy period and into this period where as you described, the customers and the SKUs are much broader?
Eric Green: Yes. So when you look at the portfolio, it's going to be mostly  you are right. So when you look at COVID-19, mostly it was NovaPure and FluroTec stoppers and high  nice margin associated to that. And but you think about the plungers demand that we currently have. It is a mix but mostly is NovaPure. And that is when you think about the investments we're making right now, it is around that NovaPure corridor. And so some are laminates from not laminated, but it's a NovaPure platform that we're working with.
Dave Windley: Okay. And then a final question for me. You mentioned the Valor  the packaged Valor go-to-market product or system is available in January, which strikes me is pretty early, pretty quick so good news there. But I guess I wanted to ask, what does availability mean? Does that start some kind of early-stage development sampling and testing? Or what does that availability really mean?
Eric Green: Yes. That's early stage. We think about one of the benefits we have with our ReadyPack portfolio is that it has been known to be a great accelerator of seed in the market, so particularly around the smaller pharma and smaller biotechs. They are looking for an off-the-shelf solution and we are able to provide with all the technical data to support it, so this is feet in the pipeline, large and small customers and its really around the early drug development phase. Just want to use us as an example as when we launched NovaPure in 2016 time frame, our avenue was through the ReadyPack, same channel, same approach, seed in the market. [Technical Difficulty] And today, you can sense from this call, we spent a lot of time talking about NovaPure is becoming somewhat now the new standard of biologics. That's the intent with the collaboration between Corning and West and Im very pleased on both technical teams are really continuously driving that differentiation of what this means in the market for our customers and ultimately the patient. So it's early stages, but we will keep you updated, but I'm excited about the launch in the first part of the year.
Dave Windley: Got it, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Jacob Johnson from Stephens.
Jacob Johnson: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Maybe a follow-up on Derik's question around kind of 2023 revenue growth, obviously, a little bit of a change this morning in your 2022 kind of revenue dollar expectations versus where you were three months ago, but that seems to be due to some kind of one-off issues. Is there any change to kind of your 2023 expectations today versus where you were a couple of months ago because obviously as we think about 2023, you will have a little bit of an easier comp given kind of the revenue decline in the 4Q. So I'm just kind of curious how much of that strong growth next year is something that's easy comp versus kind of strong demand I don't know if that's possible to answer, but I'll try asking.
Eric Green: No, thanks, Jacob. So I think there's a couple of levers to look at. One is, this puts COVID to the side after saying that I think in the last call, we talked about roughly around 50% reduction in 2023 over 2022. Right now, what we're saying it's about a 75% reduction. So that equates to that $280 million we discussed. On the growth, the underlying growth of the business, we're relatively the same as what we were looking at about mid-last year, but maybe a little bit stronger than the biologics than we anticipated. So net-net, about the same, I would say. If we are able to get capacity online sooner, I can assure you that we're laser-focused on really those two sites right now to get this equipment validated with our customers so we can produce product. But we're just conservatively saying right now, we're looking at a benefit of early 2023. But if we can get on in the next several weeks, we will do so because we do have demand and we have customers asking us to produce as much as you can in the short-term. I think one last thing about the last change, I would say, is a small piece, but see them return to growth. We didn't really talk as much about that in the last quarter, but we're seeing that starting to come back to that mid-single-digit type corridor, if not a little bit better for next year. So that's where we stand with the changes from three months ago.
Jacob Johnson: Okay. Super helpful, Eric. And then just I know COVID is going to be a smaller piece of revenue next year, but on kind of the transition that single dose vials or prefilled syringes. I think Pfizer highlighted some of this in an announcement last week. Just curious your latest thoughts on the shift towards single dose vials in terms of kind of timing and the mix of COVID doses that could be single dose maybe as we look into next year or what's contemplated in your guidance?
Eric Green: Yes, just a quick comment. I mean, if you talk about a lot of variability thats one area but there is lot of variability and COVID in the last six months. So yes, there is a  if you think about there's a transition, trying to get lower doses per vial and a single dose use obviously, prefilled syringe. That shift is still occurring but its not as fast as we anticipated.
Jacob Johnson: Okay, got it. Thanks for taking questions.
Eric Green: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Quintin Lai for closing remarks.
Quintin Lai: Thank you, Gigi. Thank you for joining us on today's conference call. An online archive of the broadcast will be available for 30 days [Technical Difficulty] in the Investors section. That concludes todays call. Have a nice day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Q2 2022 West Pharmaceutical Services Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session.  Please be advised that todays conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker for today, Quintin Lai, Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin.
Quintin Lai: Thank you, Towanda. Good morning, and welcome to Wests second quarter 2022 conference call. We issued our financial results this morning, and the release has been posted in the Investors section on the companys website located at westpharma.com. This morning, Eric Green and Bernard Birkett will review our financial results, provide an update on our business and present an update on our financial outlook for the remaining full year of 2022. There is a slide presentation that accompanies todays call and a copy of that presentation is available on the Investors section of our website. On Slide 4 is our Safe Harbor statement. Statements made by management on this call and in the accompanying presentation contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. federal securities law. These statements are based on our beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. The companys future results are influenced by many factors beyond the control of the company. Actual results could differ materially from past results as well as those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement made here. Please refer to todays press release as well as any other disclosures made by the company regarding the risks to which it is subject, including our 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports. During todays call, management will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures, including: organic sales growth, adjusted operating profit, adjusted operating profit margin and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in this mornings earnings release. I now turn the call over to our CEO, Eric Green.
Eric Green: Thank you, Quintin, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. We will start on Slide 5. Im pleased to report that we delivered an excellent second quarter. We grew 13% organically with over 18% organic sales growth in our Proprietary Products segment. Our base business continues to have solid demand across all three market units: Biologics, Pharma and Generics, which more than offsets a slight decline in COVID-19-related sales. And again, our high-value products led the way to this impressive growth. Our continued success highlights the strength and the resilience of our proven strategy of execute, innovate, grow, which continues to set us apart as a trusted market leader. It is the strength of our One West team guided by our purpose that makes a meaningful difference in ensuring our customers have reliable supply of the components necessary to deliver drugs to patients. An example of our One West culture in action is our team members in China, who I would like to thank for their inspiring efforts and commitment to our customers during the lockdowns in April and May. The relentless focus in our purpose enabled us to reopen our sites and continue to serve our customers with minimal impact. Now moving to Slide 6. We made great progress in the second quarter. Let me briefly share a few highlights. We continue to deliver the key drivers of growth in Q2, primarily driven by our HVP components including NovaPure, Envision, Daikyo Crystal Zenith and self-injection devices. With a strong order book for our Biologics and Generics customers, along with Pharma demand ramping up, we are seeing the benefits of our capital spend investments as we optimize productivity across our global operations. Our 2020 capital expansion is now complete and were driving forward to complete the installation of our 2021 expansion. Turning to Crystal Zenith. We have been expanding capacity of our 1 ml syringe as our customer uptake has been robust. At the 2022 Bile International Conference, we launched the Daikyo Crystal Zenith 2.25 ml insert needle syringe system with a market trend for large dose injections were able to answer the needs of more patients with the safe and reliable containment solution. The new CZ syringe system will help our customers bring a larger volume of product to patients with fewer or less frequent injections enabling an easier patient to experience. As we continue to advance, the standard of care for patients with our customers, Im pleased to share that we have a combination drug approved using our newly launched CZ 2.25 ml system with targeted customer launch in 2023. In addition, were seeing good progress with our SmartDose on-body subcu delivery system and now have three FDA-approved biologic drugs using our technology. Shifting to Slide 7 and an update on ESG. At the end of June, we published our 2021 corporate responsibility report on the company website. We are tracking well towards our five-year targets, and Im proud of how our organization has connected our One West culture with our ESG initiatives. We know to fulfill our purpose effectively, we must progress our environmental sustainability goals, diversity and inclusion and success around our charitable efforts. Together, this makes for a better performing company today and into the future. Im also pleased to share that yesterday, we announced that our Board of Directors has elected Dr. Stephen Lockhart as our newest member. As the former Chief Medical Officer of Sutter Health in California, his expertise will be a valuable addition to our Board. Before I turn it over to Bernard, I want to provide some high-level thoughts on our updated full year outlook and implied second half 2022 guidance. We have two headwinds: FX and slowing COVID-19 demand. On the positive, not only has our base business been strong in the first half of the year, but we also expect the Generics and Pharma market units to perform even better in the second half of the year with additional resources to address the demand dynamics. For guidance, were taking our overall sales down by $100 million for the full year. Incremental FX is going to be a $75 million headwind. In addition, were seeing a decline in COVID-19 demand as compared to our April outlook that assumed modest growth over 2021. While were seeing some orders for stoppers for smaller vials to hold fewer doses, we do not assume a meaningful sales impact in 2022 and expect an overall decline of COVID-19 sales of 20% or $85 million from 2021 sales levels. To sum it up, changes in FX and COVID are causing headwinds well in excess of our $100 million negative change to full year sales guidance. On the positive side, were expecting even stronger base business growth in the second half of this year from all three market units of Biologics, Pharma and Generics that is helping to moderate the guidance impact. Now, Ill turn it over our call to Bernard.
Bernard Birkett: Thank you, Eric, and good morning. Lets review the numbers in more detail. Well first look at Q2 2022 revenues and profits, where we saw another strong quarter of sales growth led by performance in our Biologics and Generics market units. I will take you through the profit drivers in the quarter as well as some balance sheet takeaways. And finally, we will provide an update to our 2022 guidance. First up, Q2. Our financial results are summarized on Slide 8, and the reconciliation of non-U.S. GAAP measures are described in Slides 17 to 20. We recorded net sales of $771.3 million, representing organic sales growth of 13.1%. Looking at Slide 9. Proprietary Products sales grew organically by 18.3% in the quarter. High-value products, which made up approximately 73% of proprietary product sales in the quarter, grew double-digits and had solid momentum across Biologics and Generics market units in Q2. Looking at the performance of the market units, the Biologics market unit delivered strong double-digit growth. We continue to work with many biotech and biopharma customers who are using West and Daikyo high-value product offerings. The Generics market unit also experienced strong double-digit growth led by sales of FluroTec and Westar components. Our Pharma market unit saw mid-single-digit growth with sales led by high-value products, including NovaPure components. And contract manufacturing declined 8.9% for the second quarter due to a reduction in sales of components for diagnostic devices. We recorded $321.5 million in gross profit, $6.4 million or 2% above Q2 of last year. And our gross profit margin of 41.7% was a 180 basis point decline from the same period last year. We saw improvement in adjusted operating profit with $227 million recorded this quarter compared to $211.2 million in the same period last year for a 7.5% increase. And our adjusted operating profit margin of 29.4% was a 20 basis point increase from the same period last year. Finally, adjusted diluted EPS grew $0.01 for Q2, excluding stock-based compensation tax benefit of $0.01 in Q2, EPS grew by approximately 4%. Lets review the drivers in both revenue and profit. On Slide 10, we show the contributions to sales growth in the quarter. Volume and mix contributed $71.7 million, or 9.9 percentage points of growth and sales price increases contributed $23.4 million or 3.2 percentage points of growth in the quarter. Looking at margin performance. Slide 11 shows our consolidated gross profit margin of 41.7% for Q2 2022, down from 43.5% in Q2 2021. Proprietary Products second quarter gross profit margin of 46.2%, 360 basis points lower than the margin achieved in the second quarter of 2021. The decline in Proprietary Products gross profit margin was caused by inflationary pressures impacting all plant costs, including raw materials, labor and overheads. Partially offsetting these inflationary headwinds was improvement in our product mix, price increases and pass through surcharges and approximately 90 basis points of benefit associated with onetime fees from COVID supply agreements. Contract Manufacturing second quarter gross profit margin of 16.3% was 40 basis points below the margin achieved in the second quarter of 2021. The decrease in margin is largely attributed to mix of products sold in the period. Now lets look at our balance sheet and review how weve done in terms of generating more cash. On Slide 12, we have listed some key cash flow metrics. Operating cash flow was $324.3 million for the six months ended June 2022, an increase of $91.2 million compared to the same period last year, a 39.1% increase. Our operating cash flow in the period benefited from increased earnings, our working capital performance and timing of income tax payments. Our second quarter 2022 year-to-date capital spending was $131.9 million, $20.3 million higher than the same period last year. Working capital of approximately $1.2 billion at June 30, 2022, increased by $58.1 million from December 31, 2021, primarily due to increases in accounts receivable and inventory offset by reductions in our cash. Our cash balance at June 30, $718.5 million, was $44.1 million lower than our December 2021 balance. The decrease in cash is primarily due to our share repurchase program and higher CapEx offset by our strong operating cash flow in the period. Turning to guidance. Slide 13 provides a high-level summary. We are updating our full year 2022 net sales guidance and expect net sales to be in a range of $2.95 billion and $2.975 billion compared to our prior guidance range of $3.05 billion to $3.075 billion. There is an estimated headwind of $190 million based on current foreign exchange rates compared to a prior estimated headwind of $115 million. We expect organic sales growth to be approximately 11% compared to prior guidance of approximately 11% to 12%. We expect our full year 2022 adjusted diluted EPS guidance to be in a range of $9 to $9.15 compared to a prior range of $9.30 to $9.45. This revised guidance includes our first half $0.13 EPS positive impact of tax benefits from stock-based compensation. Also, our CapEx guidance remains at $380 million for the year. There are some key elements I want to bring your attention to as you review our guidance. Estimated FX headwind on EPS has an increased impact of approximately $0.55 based on current foreign currency exchange rates, compared to a prior estimated headwind of $0.38. We expect full year COVID-19-related sales to be approximately $85 million lower than 2021 sales. And our guidance excludes future tax benefits from stock-based compensation. To summarize the key takeaways for the quarter, strong top line growth in proprietary, growth in operating profit, solid adjusted diluted EPS, despite FX and inflationary headwinds and growth in operating cash flow, delivering in line with our pillars of execute, innovate and grow. I would now like to turn the call back over to Eric.
Eric Green: Thank you, Bernard. To summarize on Slide 14, our performance in Q2 has positioned us well for the second half of the year. We continue to have a strong base business, which is a testament to the foundation we have built over time with the right strategy and execution, leveraging the benefits of a global operating model to deliver the robust book of committed orders and continue to accelerate capital spending across our operations to meet current and anticipated future growth. Towanda, were ready to take questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you.  Our first question comes from the line of Derik de Bruin with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Derik de Bruin: Hi, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the question.
Eric Green: Good morning, Derik.
Derik de Bruin: Hi. So could you be a little bit more specific on the COVID headwind? I mean you called out $85 million versus prior. And you  but your prior guide have included some growth with it. And basically, Im just trying to make sure I  trying to back into a more specific number for the organic revenue growth boost to the core business. It looks like Im backing to roughly a 3% increase from your prior guide, just where you use, but just like to work the math out a little bit better if you give us a little bit more guide.
Eric Green: Yes, Derik, let me give you a little more color on that. If we think about 2021, our revenues for COVID was approximately $460 million. What were seeing in 2022 based on the current visibility and discussions with customers, were looking at about a 20% reduction of that number, which is about $85 million. And if we kind of look at  and thats  again, this is based on the variability that were seeing in the industry right now. If you think about moving forward for 2023, we do believe its by another 30% or maybe up to 50% reduction of the 2022 number. So thats kind of the glide path we see with COVID-19 demand right now. This is  you are correct, theres an implied base business increase. And thats what were seeing with particularly around Biologics and a stronger Pharma and Generics in the second half. So the ex-COVID business, if we would look at the proprietary, it was roughly around 23% growth in proprietary for the second quarter. And thats robust and that were seeing that continue for the balance of the year.
Derik de Bruin: Great. Well, thanks for pre-empting my 2023 COVID question, which is going to be the follow-up to that. So thanks for that. And so I get the question, but then that also goes on like have you de-risked the number enough for 2022, right? Is there further downside to that $85 million?
Bernard Birkett: Well, based on the information that we have right now, we believe we have de-risked it enough. And based on the facts that we see again, COVID is theres always this changing landscape with it, depending on whats going to happen this year and probably into 2023. But we have taken a conservative view, I would think around COVID.
Derik de Bruin: Got it. And it looks like you called out a 90 basis point margin boost to PP. Was that related to a cancellation fee that might have come in the quarter from COVID projects?
Bernard Birkett: Yes. Thats correct.
Derik de Bruin: Okay. And any issues in terms of I mean this comes up  this is coming up frequently in terms of my incoming questions, in terms of customer inventory stocking, just sort of any signs of anything excess in the supply chain?
Eric Green: Yes. No, Derik, we look at the order book today, one area that were focused on is the  are our lead times. As you can imagine, the last couple of years with the COVID demand, we had to pivot and prioritize in certain parts of our product portfolio. So our focus right now is reduce lead times back to where they should be. And thats why you hear us talk about, we have capacity that is being installed as we speak, but also into 2023, which will give us more capability to support our customers on the increasing demand were seeing and particularly around Biologics and in particular on the higher end of high-value products. So thats the focus we have. We dont see based on the demand and discussions with customers, its not a large restocking concept going on right now with the underlying core business.
Derik de Bruin: Great. And just a question from a client. Can you just qualify the cancellation, how big a number would that was?
Bernard Birkett: Its approximately $12 million.
Derik de Bruin: Great. Thank you very much.
Eric Green: Thank you, Derik.
Operator: Thank you.  Our next question comes from the line of Paul Knight with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Paul Knight: Hi Eric, thanks for the time. Regarding the 23% proprietary growth, obviously, we are seeing Biologics approval strong. But one area that seems to be to get numbers around is biosimilars. How big is biosimilar benefit in the market and to West? Can you have a quantitative or qualitative read on the biosimilar tailwinds?
Eric Green: Yes. No, thank you, Paul, for the question. No, were seeing the benefits of the biosimilar approvals and entry into the marketplaces. Although, I would say its relatively small in the scheme of the entire Biologics portfolio. And theres a high-value product adoption. So when you think about the packaging configurations with our biologic customers, its near identical to what we see with the biosimilars.
Paul Knight: And is the trend to single-dose syringe up pretty dramatic or changing in your view?
Eric Green: Thats one area where were investing heavily and specifically to give you really a specific areas on NovaPure plungers. And that is  it supports what youre saying is that theres a tremendous movement towards prefilled syringes. And in the Biologics space and biosimilar space were looking for  its a high adoption of NovaPure. So thats where our investments are going. We have installations going on in 2022, but also in 2023 to start getting ahead of the curve with our customers.
Paul Knight: Okay. And then last, Bernard, the FX guide was $115 million for this year, and now its minus $190 million for the full year. Is that the way we  what you said earlier?
Bernard Birkett: Thats correct.
Paul Knight: Okay, thank you.
Eric Green: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: Thank you.  Our next question comes from the line of Larry Solow with CJS Securities. Your line is open.
Larry Solow: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. Just balancing through a couple of other calls, can you just review, so for the guidance, Eric, so the currency impact is $75 million? And then the net sales impact, I guess, is $25 million, did I get that right? Its $85 million less COVID. And then youre adding back essentially $60 million plus from the base business, is that  am I capturing that?
Eric Green: Thats correct, Larry. You have that accurate.
Larry Solow: Okay. Great. And then on  then you just mentioned you kind of called out in terms of COVID-related sales, vaccine-related sales dropping this year, like you said, 20%. And then you think there may be another 50% drop in volume demand in 2023. I think I caught that right. And then the offset to that, obviously, hopefully, some offset there would be move to more to the prefilled ranges or less doses per vial. It sounds like a little bit is happening in 2022. Can you just give us a sort of an update on how you see that transforming in 2023 and as we go on? Are you still confident that well see a pretty good transformation on the COVID side on the single dose?
Eric Green: Yes, Larry, you summarized that well. I just want to add 1 comment though. In 2023, we do think its more of a range 30% to 50%. Its  again, theres a lot of variability. So were trying to be conservative on our  but your point is valid that there is a shift that is starting to occur with less doses per vial. So that configuration is obviously, in some cases, some customers has moved from about 20-millimeter down to a 13-millimeter stopper. What were seeing right now is more in the vial configuration versus prefilled syringe. We see that into 2023 and beyond. I do want to just state, youre right, theres less doses per vial, which is a net benefit to West. But the key variable that is very unpredictable right now is the number of patients taking the dose. And the data is widely available in the market, and youre seeing a little uptake as we speak right now. But yet to be determined as we get through 2022 and also into 2023.
Bernard Birkett: Let me add to that, prefilled syringe uptake as Eric just mentioned when answering the other questions is really within our core business within Biologics. Thats where were seeing a lot of increased demand move in  move through 2022 and into 2023, layering in capacity. So thats for core business.
Larry Solow: Right. Right. So thats right. So that big sort of that switch on a macro level, prefilled strings are certainly increasing across the Biologics space and not just specifically the COVID vaccine, were hopeful that will happen. And theres certainly some talk of that, Im sure with your customers, but youre talking in general that trend, that multiyear trend, which you talked about for a while. And then on NovaPure itself, can you just give us like an idea, it seems like I know you dont break out percentages and penetration, but it seems like were still relatively in the early stages. Can we just  can you just like maybe qualitatively compare like the penetration of NovaPure to, say, FluroTec or Westar one of your more highly penetrated HVPs?
Eric Green: I would say whats commercial in the market right now, the NovaPure is a lower percentage than the other parts of the high-value product portfolio. When you look at the pipeline and/or newly approved drugs that are ramping up in the marketplace, theres a higher percentage thats utilizing the NovaPure, particularly around the plungers. And that lines up very nicely to the investments were making this year and next year that weve committed to already to have installation and capacity expanded quite significantly. So thats where we are in that journey. While its a lower percentage, it has tremendous value proposition to our customers, and thats why we see the pipeline is very attractive, particularly in the biologic space.
Larry Solow: Great. And then just lastly, Eric, you spoke a lot about it sounds like youre really enthusiastic about sort of the outlook for the self-injectables. And you mentioned, can you just give us sort of a  I know you talked a lot about the CZ and the new 2.25-milliliter insert. Can you just give us a sort of an update on SmartDose? Where we stand with that? And how you see that unfolding over the next few years? Thanks.
Eric Green: Larry, this is an area that weve been working on for a number of years. And what we talked about more recently is our customers are looking at ways of taking new molecules, but also current molecules in the market, reformulate and move it from an IV to a subcu delivery mechanism and particularly around life cycle management. And that is actually quite exciting. And hence, when you think about  I mentioned on the call in the prepared remarks that we now have 3 combination device approvals with Biologics. And so were starting to gain momentum to start moving products into the commercial environment versus still in development. When I look at the development projects were working on with a number of customers, it is now more gravitating towards the larger volumes, existing molecules in the marketplace and its around life cycle management. So its exciting. I believe we are in a good point in time. The more work investments needed to occur, and its going to take some time to get into really large meaningful revenues, but were definitely in the right direction with that part of the portfolio.
Larry Solow: Great. Excellent. I appreciate all the color. Thanks.
Eric Green: Thank you, Larry.
Operator: Thank you.  Our next question comes from the line of Justin Lin with William Blair. Your line is open.
Justin Lin: Hi, good morning. Congrats on the quarter. Ill just start off with a simple one. I guess, do you have any plans  Ill just start off with a simple one. I guess, do you have any plans for any further price increases for the rest of the year? Just trying to get a sense of whats assumed in your guidance.
Bernard Birkett: Well, right now, its continuing with the pricing strategy that weve had as we progress through 2022, where weve done some specific price increases for customers, general price increases. And then we continue to monitor if there are further surcharges that we need to implement as these inflationary costs continue to hit us as we move through the second half of the year. And its something we review on a monthly basis. Ive nothing to announce to say theres any specific increase at the moment. Again, but we are tracking it pretty closely and offsetting as much of that cost increase as we can. And as weve talking about before, theres sometimes a lag as to when we experience the cost increase itself. And then when we can pass it on and again, thats something were working through. But again, its fluid.
Justin Lin: Got it. And can you remind us how we should think about margin cadence for the rest of the year? And I guess, what are the underlying assumptions around raw material costs, freight, and overall supply chain?
Eric Green: Yes. So we see that margin continue to step up as we move through the remainder of the year. Again, thats based on what we have been communicating since we gave guidance in February of this year. And we will continue to see that happening as we improve our levels of efficiency and layer in extra capacity. Some of the things that were having to do right now is to replace the COVID demand that weve just called out as decreasing with other products and other demand within our network. And weve been started doing that as we progress through Q2, that will continue to Q3 and Q4. And the demand is there essentially to fill many of our facilities. And its  that growth is reflected in the guidance thats embedded.
Justin Lin: Got it. Thats very helpful. And just one last one for me. Sort of longer term, that 100 bps of margin improvement each year. I guess, is that predicated on inflation and supply chain pressure easing in 2023? Or can you achieve that without the situation improving? In other words, will the continued uptick in high-value products alone help drive that, obviously, along with sort of the continued increase in efficiency?
Bernard Birkett: Our expectation is that, that would be the case. Our target is to continue to expand margins by 100 basis points. And thats based on what we can see today now some black swan event or something happens, thats outside of our control, thats a different story. But based on what we have in front of us today, the intention is to continue that 100 basis point expansion.
Justin Lin: Sounds good. Thank you.
Bernard Birkett: Thank you, Justin.
Operator: Thank you.  Our next question comes from the line of Jacob Johnson with Stephens. Your line is open.
Jacob Johnson: Hey, good morning. Just one quick housekeeping question first. On the COVID revenue in 2Q, you talked about 23% growth ex-COVID and Proprietary Products. That seemed to imply that the COVID revenues were maybe $110 million in the quarter. Is that in the ballpark?
Bernard Birkett: Yes, its pretty close.
Jacob Johnson: Okay. Thank you. And then, Eric, you mentioned the potential for Pharma and Generic demand to pick up in the second half of the year, and you also mentioned adding some resources there. Can you just talk about the resources youre adding there? And were you somewhat capacity constrained for those end markets in the first half of this year?
Eric Green: Yes. So the resource is more around the demand bill to deliver on the demand that has been given to us, specifically in Generics and Pharma. And there are discrete customer projects. So were feeling good about the work thats ahead of us, but we do need to allocate resources appropriately to deliver those demands that for the second half of this year. That was the intent of that comment, particularly with Pharma and Generics. So if you take the first half of the year compared to the second half, those two units will be growing a lot faster than they were in the first half. So thats  I just want to make sure that was clear. Thats going to be occurring from our plants, both in Europe and the U.S. or the United States.
Jacob Johnson: Okay. Thats helpful. And then last question for Bern. Just on R&D expense, theyre kind of flattish sequentially. I think if I remember correctly, there are going to be some investments flowing through the R&D line, maybe around the Corning relationship and some other efforts. Just how should we think about R&D expense maybe back half of this year into 2023?
Bernard Birkett: Yes, we would expect it to take up in the second half of the year and that there are going to be two drivers around that. One is the level of DAs that were seeing coming through our pipeline. And then thats really on our delivery devices and then also looking at the Corning Glass partnership that we have in place, well be adding additional costs. Again, its all embedded in the guidance, and its been planned for the year, but that will happen in the second half of the year, more so in Q4 than in Q3.
Jacob Johnson: Okay. Perfect. Thanks for taking the question.
Bernard Birkett: Thank you, Jacob.
Operator: Thank you.  Our next question comes from the line of Dave Windley with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Dave Windley: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Good morning, gentlemen. I was hoping to try to shine a little bit more light on the comments around bias toward prefilled syringe NovaPure stoppers that  or excuse me, NovaPure plungers that you mentioned, CZ uptick and workaround syringes there. Like how much of that is related? Like so as clients want prefilled syringe, is that still predominantly glass and youre supplying what you traditionally have, but in NovaPure high value? Or is that also driving uptick in CZ resin syringes? Just anything you can add there would be much appreciated.
Eric Green: Yes. So Dave, its  CZ is a great application when you start thinking about silicon-free. But from what the preference is, is still glass. Hence, the investments and the work were doing with  partnering with Corning. So there are certain molecules, certain applications that CZ is particularly well positioned for, and were able to capture some of that demand. Now when it comes to NovaPure plungers really the comment is around the glass PFS solution and also more around the biologics and biosimilars than anything else.
Dave Windley: Okay. And then, Eric, in your comments around addressing shortening lead times. I want to make sure, I mean, it sounds like the base business is accelerating to, I think it was Larrys bridge or maybe Pauls bridge around the $60 million of the base that makes up for some of the weakness. How much of that is, Ill say, pulling forward activity because space and productive capacity is freed up by the lowering of COVID and to help to shorten lead times for your clients versus kind of underlying steady-state flow of demand. Can you help us to understand the difference there?
Eric Green: Yes, Dave, long-term construct, we still believe in the 7% to 9%. So when we started talking about 23% in the quarter for proprietary excluding COVID, that is obviously outsizing that long-term construct. Theres two elements to that. One is we do believe the freeing up some of the capacity, which is obviously not just dedicated to COVID, it will be able to support our core business and to bring some of those lead times in line. Its not the entire portfolio, but specific area and probably more around the high-value products. When you think about the market units, Biologics is still really strong. What I mean by that is we think about our order  confirmed order book, it continues to increase from the end of last year. And one of the major drivers of that is biologics. And when you dig a little bit further, its a combination of recently launched molecules that are having a very strong success in the marketplace. And secondly, is to preparing for the pipeline for newly approved drugs that are  will be approved or have been approved recently. There is always inventory management going on with our customers. But I would say in the last two or three years, we were not in a position to be able to oversupply any one particular customer. So were trying to bring the lead times back in line. Thats constant work that were focused on but I want to state that the underlying growth of the business is extremely healthy across all markets and especially in biologics.
Dave Windley: Got it. So I guess to rephrase that last point that you just made, so youre confident that customers are not, say, stocking because you basically couldnt produce enough for them to overstock. Maybe to flip the question were they understocked or, I guess, a version of that would be kind of dependent on longer lead times than are comfortable. And so youre kind of catching up and getting them shored back up to what normal should be. It sounds like if  is what youre saying.
Eric Green: Dave, you are right. Yes, Dave, you are correct. There are in some cases, not across the whole portfolio, but theres some cases where we  with the relationships weve had with our customers is to establish very robust schedules or tight schedules to make sure that were not creating any issues of availability of material, but there was some of that, and were working through those as we speak. And thats one of the reasons why we highlighted that some of the capital investments that we made committed to that are rolling in, in this year and also into next year, particularly on NovaPure is to really alleviate to support the growth in the Biologics space, and thats definitely needed to get in there to stay ahead of the curve.
Dave Windley: Yes. Got it.
Bernard Birkett: The way I would frame it is to bring lead times back to where they are pre COVID and then us to be able to maintain those lead times as the business is actually growing rather than having the lead times go back out. So thats where we have to layer in the capacity. So its actually managing two things at once. Its not just one. So were seeing this acceleration in growth in some areas of our business plus trying to get customers to stock levels where they feel comfortable if thats the case. But thats going to take a period of time. Thats not an instantaneous thing.
Dave Windley: Sure. And Bernard, on your point on layering in the capacity, just to confirm, this change in your  or does this change in your COVID expectations change the amount of CapEx investment or the pacing of those projects at all relative to bringing on additional capacity.
Bernard Birkett: The projects that we have right now, it does not change any of those. And the projects that Eric mentioned about, particularly on the plunger side, were continuing to layer in that capacity. And thats specifically around growth that were  thats inherent in the market right now and the changes that were seeing. So theres no change there. And if we could actually accelerate that onboarding, that would be more beneficial for us if we could do that because the demand is there today.
Dave Windley: It seems like a strong sign. Last question for me. In regard to stoppers versus plungers and components that you supply for prefilled syringe. I think youve answered in the past that youre relatively economically agnostic to form factor, is that true? Or is there any nuance that we should think about there?
Bernard Birkett: No, that holds true. The economics arent that vastly different between the two.
Dave Windley: Okay. Thanks. I appreciate youre answering all my questions.
Eric Green: Thank you, Dave.
Bernard Birkett: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Im showing no further questions in the queue. I would now like to turn the call back over to Quintin Lai for closing remarks.
Quintin Lai: Thanks, Towanda, and thank you for joining us on todays conference call. An online archive of the broadcast will be available on our website at westpharma.com in the Investors section. That concludes this call. Have a nice day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Q1 2022 West Pharmaceutical Services Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. Please be advised that today conference call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker for today, Quintin Lai, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Quintin Lai: Thank you, Didi. Good morning and welcome to Wests first quarter 2022 conference call. We issued our financial results this morning and the release has been posted in the Investors section on the companys website located at westpharma.com. This morning, CEO, Eric Green; and CFO, Bernard Birkett will review our financial results, provide an update on our business, and present an update on our financial outlook for the full year 2022. There is a slide presentation that accompanies todays call and a copy of that presentation is available on the Investors section of our website. On slide four is our Safe Harbor statement. Statements made by the management on this call and in the accompanying presentation contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of US federal securities law. These statements are based on our beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. The companys future results are influenced by many factors beyond the control of the company. Actual results could differ materially from past results, as well as those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement made here. Please refer to todays press release, as well as any other disclosures made by the company regarding the risk to which it is subject, including our 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K reports. During todays call, management will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures, including organic sales growth, adjusted operating profit, adjusted operating profit margin, and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in this mornings earnings release. Ill now turn the call over to Wests CEO and President, Eric Green. Eric?
Eric Green: Thank you, Quintin, and good morning. Thanks for joining us today. We will start on slide five. I'm pleased to report that we delivered a strong first quarter. This is driven by double-digit organic sales growth with increasing demand for our high value products. Our confirmed order book for the rest of 2022 and into 2023 remains as strong as ever, primarily driven by non-COVID based business. And to provide you more color, over half of the order book is coming from biologics demand. These results were delivered despite several macro-economic challenges that are impacting all companies and sectors. We've taken pro proactive measures to mitigate the risk of these challenges and ensure the continuity of critical components to our customers. For example, inflation, we're adjusting our pricing strategy and have enacted surcharges as a pass through to offset increasing costs of raw materials, energy and transportation. Supply chain, our raw material and proprietary medical device components are sourced from across the globe. We have increased our inventory of these key raw materials to minimize any supply disruption. And we continue to execute and monitor our business continuity plans with respect to these issues, including the war in Ukraine and the recent pandemic surge in China. Turning to slide six, our team members across the globe continue to demonstrate their passion to improve patient lives as they remain focused on our strategic initiatives of execute, innovate, and grow. Starting with the first pillar of execute, we continue to deliver the key drivers of growth in Q1 with strong customer demand of HVP components including NovaPure and Weststar. There was solid demand in the quarter across all market units and a positive outlook remains for the rest of the year. And in particular, for our biologics market segment, which is now greater than 42% of our total sales. We see both existing and new customers continue to spec our highest level of components by West or our partner Daikyo for sensitive molecules. Our capital spending investments through expansions and optimizing productivity across the global operations remain on track. To-date, almost all of our 2020 expansion phases have been installed, validated, and in production and we're making good progress on the 2021 capital expansion plans, some of which will come online in the second half of 2022 and throughout 2023. With the accelerated biologics demand for NovaPure, we have executed digital support for NovaPure future demand as well as other HVP finishing capabilities. Expansion construction is underway and will be online towards the back half of this year with commercial production, and 2023. Shifting into West team of scientific and technical experts, we continue to educate and share insights in biologics, combination products, and container closure integrity, which are priority areas in pharmaceutical packaging. At the recent PDA Annual Meeting, several of our West experts were recipients of prestigious awards. Now, to innovate, we need to feel innovation to develop future products, solutions, and services that connect the dots across science and technology to create customer value. We're doing so by investing in external opportunities that complement our current business needs, such as our partnership with Tekion to create a research center of excellence in combination with West Scientific expertise. The Corning collaboration as we expand our HVP value proposition to lead the industry from components to a truly integrated system of Elastomer and glass. And building technologies like the recent collaboration with Numa Systems to develop a family of Fluid Flow technologies for drug delivery. I'm pleased on the progress our R&D team is making around innovate. Moving to the final pillar grow, which includes uses of cash. We're working from a position of strength as we believe we have a long horizon of continued strong organic sales growth and margin expansion. As we have demonstrated, over the past two years, we have increased our capital spending for capacity expansion at existing sites across our global network to support our organic growth initiatives. In addition, we have made inorganic investments, such as partnerships with Corning. Our continued focus within these three strategic pillars; execute, innovate, and grow, allows us to be more responsive, leverage our assets more effectively, and support the trends that are happening in the industry today. This was most evident from our recent site visits in Dublin and Waterford, Ireland. For example, in Dublin, I saw firsthand how the digitalization of our manufacturing technologies is providing real-time data, enabling our team to raise the bar in operational performance with higher yields and efficiencies. At Waterford, the capital investments over the last year and a half have significantly increased capacity with additional lines producing HVP product to meet increased demand. And we're seeing early success with our next-generation fully integrated automation that we believe will scale and transfer across the network for a combined benefit of higher quality production and higher manufacturing throughput. Lastly, and proudly, the hard work of our Waterford team was acknowledged by the Ireland-U.S. Council as we received the Global Public Service Award for our commitment during the pandemic. Now, I'll turn it over to our CFO, Bernard Birkett, who will provide more detail on our financial performance. 
Bernard Birkett: Thank you, Eric, and good morning. Let's review the numbers in more detail. We'll first look at Q1 2022 revenues and profits where we saw continued strong sales and EPS growth, led by strong revenue performance in our Biologics and Pharma market units. I will take you through the profit growth we saw in the quarter as well as some balance sheet takeaways. And finally, we will provide an update to our 2022 guidance. First up, Q1. Our financial results are summarized on slide seven, and the reconciliation of non-U.S. GAAP measures are described in slides 15 to 18. We recorded net sales of $720 million, representing organic sales growth of 11%. Looking at slide eight. Proprietary Products sales grew organically by 14.4% in the quarter. High-value products, which made up approximately 73% of Proprietary Products sales in the quarter, grew double digits and had solid momentum across Biologics and Pharma market units in Q1. Looking at the performance of the market units, the Biologics market unit delivered strong double-digit growth. We continue to work with many biotech and biopharma customers who are using West and Daikyo high-value product offerings. The Generics market unit experienced mid-single-digit growth, led by sales of FluroTec and Westar components. Our Pharma market unit saw high single-digit growth with sales, led by high-value products, including Daikyo and NovaPure components. And Contract Manufacturing declined 3.8% for the first quarter due to a reduction in sales of components for diagnostic devices. We recorded $284.6 million in gross profit, $12.7 million or 4.7% above Q1 of last year. And our gross profit margin of 39.5% was a 100 basis point decline from the same period last year. We saw improvement in adjusted operating profit with $189.9 million recorded this quarter compared to $179.2 million in the same period last year or a 6% increase. However, our adjusted operating profit margin of 26.4% was a 30 basis point decrease from the same period last year. Finally, adjusted diluted EPS grew 12% for Q1. Excluding stock-based compensation tax benefit of $0.12 in Q1, EPS grew by approximately 15%. So let's review the drivers in both revenue and profit. On slide nine, we show the contributions to sales growth in the quarter. Volume and mix contributed $49.9 million or 7.4 percentage points of growth. And sales price increases contributed $23.6 million or 3.5 percentage points of growth in the quarter. Looking at margin performance. Slide 10 shows our consolidated gross profit margin of 39.5% for Q1 2022, slightly down from 40.5% in Q1 2021. Proprietary Products first quarter gross profit margin of 43.4% was 290 basis points lower than the margin achieved in the first quarter of 2021. The decline in Proprietary Products gross profit margin was caused by several factors, including lower levels of absorption during the early part of the quarter due to short-term labor constraints, increases in raw material and overhead costs. In addition, our 2021 gross profit margin included approximately 150 basis points of benefit in the prior year associated with onetime fees from COVID and other supply agreements, which did not reoccur in the first quarter of 2022. These fees had approximately 160 basis points of benefit on Q1 2021 operating margin. Contract Manufacturing first quarter gross profit margin of 20.1% was 440 basis points above the margin achieved in the first quarter of 2021. The increase in margin is largely attributed to pass-through of inflationary costs and components in the quarter. Now let's look at our balance sheet and review how we've done in terms of generating more cash for the business. On slide 11, we have listed some key cash flow metrics. Operating cash flow was $151.2 million for the first quarter of 2022, an increase of $62.5 million compared to the same period last year, 70.5% increase. Our operating cash flow in the period benefited from our working capital performance. Our first quarter 2022 year-to-date capital spending was $65.8 million, $11.1 million higher than the same period last year. Working capital of approximately $1.1 billion at March 31, 2022, decreased slightly by $42.2 million from December 31, 2021, primarily due to the net reduction of our cash, offset by an increase in inventory levels. Our cash balance at March 31 of $667.7 million was $94.9 million lower than our December 2021 balance. The decrease in cash is primarily due to our share repurchase program and higher CapEx, offset by our strong operating results in the period. Turning to guidance. Slide 12 provides a high-level summary. We are reaffirming our full year 2022 net sales guidance. We expect net sales to be in a range of $3.05 billion to $3.075 billion. There is an estimated FX headwind of $115 million based on current foreign exchange rates compared to a prior estimated headwind of $70 million. We expect organic sales growth to be in the range of 11% to 12% compared to our prior guidance of approximately 10%. We expect our full year 2022 adjusted diluted EPS guidance to be in a range of $9.30 to $9.45 compared to a prior range of $9.20 to $9.35. This revised guidance includes first quarter $0.12 EPS positive impact of tax benefits from stock-based compensation. Also, our CapEx guidance remains at $380 million for the year. There are some key elements I want to bring your attention to as you review our guidance. Estimated FX headwind on EPS has an increased impact of approximately $0.38 based on current foreign currency exchange rates compared to a prior estimated headwind of $0.21. And our guidance excludes future tax benefits from stock-based compensation. So to summarize the key takeaways for the first quarter: strong top line growth in proprietary, growth in operating profit, growth in adjusted diluted EPS and growth in operating cash flow, delivering in line with our pillars of execute, innovate and grow. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Eric. 
Eric Green: Thank you, Bernard. To summarize on slide 13, our execution in Q1 has positioned us well for the year ahead. We continue to have a strong base business despite the current macro environment in which we operate. We remain well-positioned with the right market-led strategy around execute, innovate and grow. We have a robust book of committed orders with momentum in 2022 and continuing into 2023. We continue to realize the benefits of our global operating model, and we're continuing to accelerate capital spending across our operations to meet current and anticipated future growth. With great pride, we realize the criticality of our products for health care across the globe, which is why our purpose to improve patient lives propels us each and every day. Didi, we're ready to take questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Larry Solow of CJS Securities. Please proceed.
Larry Solow: Great. Good morning. Did you give the -- real quick housekeeping question. Did you give the COVID sales -- COVID-related sales number? Did I miss that?
Bernard Birkett: We didn't call it out, but it was approximately $110 million, which shows growth over Q1 2021.
Larry Solow: Got it. So, there's no change to this year's outlook for that, it sounds like. Okay. Just on the cost side, clearly, everybody is facing these varying degrees of -- from inflation and supply chain issues, and you guys have done a fabulous job offsetting a lot of them, I think. But obviously, you can only offset so much. I'm just curious what the surcharges you put in today, weren't you already kind of -- is this just sort of expediting increases to keep up with the rapid -- the fluid situation with the costs coming up? I know, normally, I think, you have like kickers in there when you're selling -- in a lot of your contracts. Is this more of a broader-based, more aggressive reaction to some of these inflationary issues? 
Eric Green: Yes. Larry, there's two elements. You're right, on the Contract Manufacturing side of our business, which is a little bit less than 20%, we do have -- with our agreements with our customers, we are passing on inflationary costs for the most part, whether it's raw materials and et cetera. On the proprietary side, that's more of a recent phenomenon. There's two elements of that though. One is we've mentioned before that we are revisiting our pricing strategy, and we started executing upon that last year, building up for this year. So we're seeing the element of more long-term pricing strategy around value capture that is now coming into the equation. In addition to that, in the proprietary business, we have implemented surcharges as well. And that typically is really around transportation and increase in raw materials. So there's two levers that have occurred. But I just want to be very clear that there is an element that underlying base price increase strategy is now being rolled into the ongoing business. 
Larry Solow: Okay. And was this kind of just enacted at the beginning of this year, I guess? And I assume there's some kind of a lag, right? I mean margins were down a little bit. I know year-over-year, there was some more -- you had this onetime -- $12 million onetime payment. I know that's skewed the margins. But even if we look sequentially, margins are down a little bit, right? Is that mostly a function of these higher costs and maybe you can't offset all of them but hopefully maybe you get a little improvement as we look out, as you enact some of these surcharges? 
Bernard Birkett: It's partly related to the cost and the lag in passing them on, so it's not always instantaneous in the quarter. When you see the pricing or the cost increases, then we work with our customers to layer that in over time, and that's what we have been doing. And the other thing that we called out, Larry, as well, we did see some lower levels of absorption in the -- probably the first half of the quarter based on labor supply in one of our -- two of our plants, and that was a short-term blip, and we've seen the absorption levels get back to normal or where we would expect them to be in the latter half of the quarter. But again, that does impact margin in the short-term. 
Larry Solow: Right. Yes. That was kind of my next question. Was -- other than the cost impact and the labor issue you called out as sort of temporary, are you guys having any major or increasing problems just retaining labor or supply chain issues or you've been able to sort of -- even though things are not getting any better, I know? 
Bernard Birkett: I wouldn't think there's increasing problems retaining labor. It has been challenging, I think, for everybody, but we haven't seen any spike in that. So we have a number of initiatives with our HR teams to make sure we have the labor in the right places. So it wasn't really around retention problem. So that's -- long term, that's not a big issue for us. And then if you look at the implied guidance, we are forecasting operating margin expansion. And to do that, we have to be able to do gross margin expansion at the same time to feed into it. So we believe some of these short-term impacts we saw at the really early part of the year are kind of now behind us. 
Larry Solow: Okay. Okay, great. And then just last question on -- just back to the COVID. Any -- obviously, there's a lot -- it's a quickly changing situation. But it sounds like for you guys, again, we've talked about it, it's not a matter of overall volume but sort of that shift in life cycle management. Have you seen any incremental evidence that this is occurring? Or any thoughts, any update on that front?
Eric Green: What we can share with you is that we are seeing the -- more of the forecasting looking later into 2022 of a shift from larger vial configuration to a smaller vial configuration. But that hasn't flown into our operations as we speak today, but that's more forecasted. We're working with our customers throughout the year.
Larry Solow: Right. Okay, great. Thanks guys. Appreciate it.
Eric Green: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Justin Lin of William Blair. Please proceed.
Justin Lin: Hi good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. I guess Repligen came out yesterday and saw COVID vaccine cancellations and orders have been pushed to 2023, at least some of it -- some of them. I guess what are you seeing in your order books? And if you could share your outlook for COVID, both short-term and long term, that would be great. 
Eric Green: Well, two ways to look at it. One is, if we think about for 2022, our confirmed order book for the balance of the year, as we mentioned earlier, it's a very -- it's much stronger than it was the same time period as last year. But if you split that out, the COVID ratio within that larger order book is relatively the same as -- is relatively steady as it was last year. Really, the expansion of that order book is really heavy around the HVP, and also due to -- over half of it is due to the success of various drug launches in our biologics space. So there are some COVID-19 customers that are adjusting their forecast, but overall, we're seeing a steady flow throughout the balance of the year. 
Justin Lin: Got it. So you're currently not sort of changing your outlook for 2023, it sounds like? 
Eric Green: No, we're not based on what we -- current conversations with customers. 
Justin Lin: Got it. And I think your margins, both gross and operating, came slightly below The Street. Can you help us think through how much of that is product mix versus currency versus supply chain headwinds? I think gross profit is a bit lower than you're used to seeing, but some of that is offset by a lower SG&A spend as well. 
Bernard Birkett: Yes. So on the gross margin, really, what I called out earlier in response to Larry's question, part of that was on the lower levels of absorption that we did see in the first half of the quarter. Again, that was more of a onetime event. And what we're actually seeing in operating margin, if you look at our business on a normalized basis, if you back off the one-time take-or-pay that we got in Q1 2021 and compare operating results excluding that, operating margin would have expanded by about 130 basis points. So that -- it had a 160 basis point impact on operating margin. So that -- so when we look out for the balance of the year, we are forecasting continued operating margin expansion. So that comp made it very, very difficult to expand the margin in that period. 
Justin Lin: Thats it for me. Thank you very much.
Bernard Birkett: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Knight of KeyBanc. Please proceed.
Paul Knight: Hi Eric, your $380 million of CapEx obviously shows, I guess, a very strong building book for biologics ex COVID. Can you talk about 42% of biologics -- of sales are biologics this year? What was it last year? And can you talk about what you're seeing that's driving your CapEx levels? 
Eric Green: Yes. So when you look at it, Paul, it's less than 40%, and we're seeing the biologics become a larger piece of the -- obviously, it's the largest unit today but with the highest growth even ex COVID in the equation. And so when you think about our investments that we're currently making, a lot of the capital -- over 70% of the capital is really growth orientated, which I think historically was probably closer to the 50th percentage. And it's really focused around NovaPure and FluroTec, particularly plungers and stoppers. And what we're seeing is really a buildup -- as we talked earlier about, the capital that we're spending in the last couple of years really is -- was already built in our five-year plan, and we're just bringing it forward to support the COVID vaccines. But now what we're seeing is that the demand on the biologics continues to increase and accelerate. And I mentioned a little bit earlier, but just to reiterate, I mean, if I look at the details of the confirmed order book, over half of it is of drug molecules in market that we're seeing a ramp-up or acceleration of adoption. And so -- and it's not just one molecule, it's many. So we're seeing that pull effect of increasing volume out of West to support those -- the continuation of the drug in the supply chain. So we're very, very excited to see the focus around biologics, the high penetration of successes of new BLAs or NMEs. And our participation is -- remains very, very high, and this is the impact that we're seeing.
Paul Knight: And regarding the Corning JV, what's -- I know you've indicated CapEx of $15 million, but what's the multiyear kind of timeline in your view with that JV? 
Eric Green: Well, the investments are more in the next couple of years. I mean it's a very long-term arrangement. We will have various launches over the next couple of years, starting this year, 2022, of new solutions to customers. But these investments will take place on the capital side over the next couple of years to increase capacity, particularly around prefilled syringe. 
Bernard Birkett: Yes. So that's going to be a number of years before we see from a revenue and profitability perspective. That's not immediate. So it's going to take time to build that out. But in the interim, there are other configurations, as Eric said, that we're putting together, but they won't be overly material on our numbers in the short-term. 
Paul Knight: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jacob Johnson of Stephens. Please proceed.
Jacob Johnson: Hey thanks. Good morning. Maybe first, just a couple of clarifying questions. First, on the COVID side, if I heard you correctly, it sounds like your expectations for 2022 on the revenues there are unchanged. But has the composition of those revenues changed? Are you assuming -- it sounds like maybe the back half of the year you're going to get maybe a little more of a benefit from a configuration change. Is it fair to say that maybe the composition of those revenues have shifted versus prior expectations?
Eric Green: No, I think it's pretty consistent. I think what we're seeing is, absolutely, when you do life cycle management, different vial configuration, there will be a change, and that was really more towards the back half of the year. But when we look at the growth orientation of where we are today and look at balance of 2022, the ex-COVID or the non-COVID-related growth will outpace the COVID growth. And as you recall, last year and the year before, it was really quick acceleration because of our response in the market. But it's more steady -- can't quite say steady state. It's more of a lower end but still growth overall for West. But the higher element of growth in proprietary is definitely going to come from, right now our view is, non-COVID related. 
Jacob Johnson: Okay, got it. Thanks for that Eric. And Bernard, just on the decline in gross margin sequentially, it sounds like this was largely related to labor and absorption. And if I heard you correct, it sounds like that was the first half of the quarter, and that's been resolved. So is it fair to assume that we should see gross margins kind of bounce back now that that's over with as we think 2Q and beyond? 
Bernard Birkett: Yes. And that's implied in the guidance, that, that -- for that to happen. And we're confident that, that will take place. And as Eric has alluded, we're continuing to see very strong growth within biologics and that mix shift within our business, and that drives a lot of that margin improvement. And we're also picking up various levels of efficiencies throughout our operations. So we would expect to see margins continue to improve throughout the year. 
Jacob Johnson: Okay, that's helpful. And then just last question, kind of getting to the point, I think, you both want to make. Eric, you mentioned a long horizon of organic growth. I guess the question there, what would be helpful? Just remind us kind of where high-value product units stand in terms of percentage of units today, what that number looks like and maybe how that could -- what that could look like maybe five years from now.
Eric Green: Yes. If you think about the algorithm that we have with greater than 70% of our sales in proprietary is high-value products, the units -- number of units that we are producing for high-value products is roughly around 22%, 23%. And the way it works is about 100 basis point expansion on units is strong double-digit growth on high-value products. If you think about how biologics is becoming a larger portion of the portfolio, again, across many different customers, so it's not really concentrated on one customer or one drug, it's across the whole portfolio of the market, that will continuously drive higher revenues, higher profits with not a lot of increase on units per se, 100, 100-plus basis points. So, that's the equation, and we expect that to continue. It's the fastest growing subsegment within injectable medicine space. The pipeline is very robust. It was very encouraging to see the number of new approvals over the last 12, 18 months in this particular space, and our participation rate is as high as ever. So all this equates to -- and it translates into our confirmed order book for future launches. So this all translates into continued growth for the next five years of HVP for West.
Jacob Johnson: Perfect. I'll leave it there. Thanks for taking the questions.
Eric Green: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Derik De Bruin of Bank of America. Please proceed.
Derik De Bruin: Hi, good morning everyone.
Eric Green: Good morning Derik.
Derik De Bruin: I just jumped on so my apologies if I'm going to repeat some stuff. But can you just sort of talk about the organic revenue growth guide? You're a little bit below in our numbers in the first quarter, yet you're raising it for 1% to 2% for the full year like that, which is surprising given the Q1. Can you just sort of walk through me -- can you just sort of walk through the math on your confidence as we're getting that increase given the start?
Bernard Birkett: Yes. So. the -- when we look at it, and it goes back to the point I made earlier about the absorption rates that we experienced in the first half of the year due to some of our labor constraints and that was primarily around Omicron, it impacted us in one or -- in a couple of different sites. Again, that was a short-term problem. That impacts our ability to produce in the short-term, so then that kind of leads into some impact on our revenues in the first quarter. So it's not that we're seeing a drop or a shift in our demand downwards. It's mainly what we could actually produce in the quarter and deliver to customers. So that was a little bit light. But as Eric said, our order book is still very, very strong. And we also had -- when we had spoken earlier on in the year, we were saying we were going to see more of our growth to come in the back half of the year versus the first, and that's still what we're seeing. So there's really no change.
Derik De Bruin: Great. That's really helpful, and I didn't catch that. Have you -- I've got a couple of clients asking. Can you just sort of confirm that you're looking for greater than 100 basis points of overall operating margin expansion this year? 
Bernard Birkett: Yes. And again, that's implied in the guidance. So it will be greater than 100 basis points. And getting back to the point I made earlier, if you look at the fundamentals of the business, if you take that take-or-pay that we had in Q1 2021, if you back that out and then look at the comp on that basis, operating margin would have expanded about 130 basis points. So from a comp point of view, you had that level of challenge here in the first quarter. So when I look at that, it gives me confidence to be able to say yes, we are going to continue to expand that operating margin. 
Derik De Bruin: Do you think the production constraints are largely alleviated now? 
Eric Green: I'll comment. I would say -- just based on the last couple of months of performance, I would say yes. I mean there's always challenges in this environment today. The couple of plants that Bernard is referring to, we were hit hard on the Omicron, and that did impact absorption. That also impacted productivity. But over the last couple of months, looking at the productivity levels, the output, we do believe we have a very good control around this and we're able to build flex to make sure that we're able to deliver going forward. But it was a short-term hit. 
Bernard Birkett: Yes. So we did see improvement as we moved through the quarter. And we're forecasting that to continue based on what's in place now. 
Derik De Bruin: Great. And I've got some people asking on your China exposure and just sort of any commentary in that region. Has that been a headwind to the business at all? 
Eric Green: Yes. So our operations was impacted in the sense that our Qingpu manufacturing facility is within the region of Shanghai and obviously, our offices, too. So we did have a site closure for a short period of time, and we're working through that now. As far as materiality for West, it's very low percentage for West coming out of that facility for the local market. But we're keeping an eye on it, making sure that we can pivot and potentially import where necessary versus having materials coming out of that specific site. We do expect to see a recovery in this quarter with the demand, but we need to stay tuned because that's kind of a dynamic environment right now. 
Derik De Bruin: Great. Thank you very much.
Eric Green: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dave Windley of Jefferies.
Dave Windley: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to follow up on Derik and several of the other questions -- line of questioning around the capacity. Wondering if your absorption commentary on productivity issues affected your ability to deliver to clients. Like should we think about revenue would have been higher in the quarter if you had been able to produce as much as you expected in those facilities? And like did the lag times to clients change at all? 
Bernard Birkett: Yes. It impacted it slightly, but it didn't really impact lead times overall. We were able to kind of get that product out to customers in the early part of this quarter. So there was -- we tried to minimize any customer impact. As we said, it happened earlier in the quarter, but there's no kind of long-term impact to that. It was a once-off, and it was something we've been able to deal with. And we've been able to continue supply to our customers. It did -- could impact revenues slightly but not overly material, I will put it that way. But there was some impact around that. 
Dave Windley: Okay. On the -- it seems -- as people have already highlighted the gross margin impact and somewhat offset by SG&A being a little lower, should we think about that SG&A level as durable? Is that a result of kind of some permanent productivity step-ups?
Bernard Birkett: Yes, it is durable. It's productivity. And again, it is looking at what is the appropriate level for SG&A of our business. And that's something that we manage very, very tightly.
Dave Windley: Okay. And then just somewhat longer-term question around capacity. I apologize, I'm probably not great at keeping up with all this, but you've pulled forward quite a bit of CapEx, not just kind of now but over the COVID period and have a number of initiatives in place to bring more capacity online. Could you just help us understand in broad strokes when those capacity expansions are supposed to hit? And I think it's mostly FluroTec and NovaPure, as you've highlighted, Eric. And then also confirm what you said in the past that you basically expect that capacity to be taken up by order demand right away; in other words, no dilution to productivity, absorption, et cetera, as you're bringing on slugs of new capacity. 
Eric Green: Yes. I'll take the last part first and say that we don't anticipate any impact if there's very variability around the COVID piece. Because if we look -- again, look at our -- the demand that we're getting with non-COVID related, particularly in the biologics space, which is -- overlaps 100% with the investments that we are putting in, the growth is actually -- is a little bit higher than we anticipated. So therefore, we're in a position we can absorb that. But to your first point, the initial launch that we communicated back in -- early on in the pandemic, let's just call it 2020, that investment is now finalized and in place and now through -- is producing commercial product this year. And it was kind of weaved in throughout 2021. So that's 100% installed. The second phase that we communicated really towards the early part of 2021, we're seeing that being layered in as we speak and might leak -- some parts of it, not all, a portion -- a small portion might go into 2023. But the focus of the remaining HVP is exactly what you stated. It's really focused around NovaPure and FluroTec capacity, and it is across multiple plants within our network. And again, it lines up very nicely with the growth in biologics, and it also does support pharma and generics but mostly biologics. And then growth in biologics in our order book is extremely strong as we speak today. So I'm pretty confident. Now we need to get that equipment in, installed, validated, and we've been doing a great job across the globe. We also need to add some resources to be able to run those -- the new equipment, and that is ongoing as we speak. So we're seeing a very good uptick in attracting new additional talent to our organization but also doing a good job of keeping in pace of the capital expansion.
Dave Windley: Excellent. Appreciate those answers. Thank you.
Eric Green: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference back to Quintin Lai for further remarks. 
Quintin Lai: Thanks Didi. Thank you for joining us on today's conference call. An online archive of the broadcast will be available on our website at westpharma.com in the Investors section. Additionally, you may access a replay through Thursday, May 5 by using the dial-in numbers and conference ID provided at the end of today's earnings release. That concludes this call. Have a nice day. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-17 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Q4 2021 West Pharmaceutical Services Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session.  Please be advised that today conference call is being recorded.  I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker for today Quintin Lai, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Quintin Lai: Thank you, Amanda. Good morning and welcome to Wests fourth quarter and full year 2021 conference call. We issued our financial results this morning, and the release has been posted in the Investors section on the companys website located at westpharma.com. This morning, CEO, Eric Green; and CFO, Bernard Birkett, will review our financial results, provide an update on our business and present an update on our financial outlook for the full year 2022. There is a slide presentation that accompanies todays call, and a copy of that presentation is available on the Investors section of our website. On Slide 4 is our safe harbor statement. Statements made by the management on this call and in the accompanying presentation contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. federal securities law. These statements are based on our beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. The companys future results are influenced by many factors beyond the control of the company. Actual results could differ materially from past results, as well as those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement made here. Please refer to todays press release, as well as any other disclosures made by the company regarding the risk to which it is subject, including our 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports. During todays call, management will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures, including organic sales growth, adjusted operating profit, adjusted operating profit margin and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in this mornings earnings release. Ill now turn the call over to Wests CEO and President, Eric Green.
Eric Green: Thank you, Quintin, and good morning. And thanks for joining us today. We are excited to discuss our 2021 results and outlook for 2022. We will start on slide 5. West delivered a remarkable year of success. As I reflect on the year three things stand out to me. First, our purpose. We serve to improve patient lives and we understand the criticality of our role in the containment and delivery of life saving and life changing medicines including the battle against COVID-19. Our team members have rallied together with great sense, strength and resolve to meet the accelerated customer demand. I want to acknowledge this incredible efforts and say thank you. Second, our proven market lead strategy, we have continued to meet shifting market and customer needs with unique value propositions across our business segments. This is evident in the continued strength of our financial performance in 2021. Lastly, trust. Customers trust West. As a global leader customers come to us knowing that we will deliver superior value through our high quality products and solutions. And we remain focused on delivering value to all our stakeholders on a sustainable basis and doing our part to support the healthcare industry. As highlighted on slide 6, 2021 was an exceptional year of sales and margin expansion driven by strong demand in our base business and accelerated demand for components associated with COVID-19 vaccines and therapeutics. We ended the year with 28% organic sales growth in the fourth quarter and adjusted for COVID related sales our based business grew by mid teens organically. Our proprietary product segment led the way with 37% organic sales growth. And all of this was fueled by high value products, resulting in impressive growth and operating margin expansion for the quarter. Looking ahead, we are well-positioned with the right growth strategy around execute, innovate and grow. Our committed order book is at an all time high. We continue to realize the benefits of the globalization of our operating model and continue capital investments to support the increase in demand driven by the attractive end markets. Turning to slide 7. In addition to our financial momentum, West had several other notable accomplishments in 2021. We shipped over 45 billion components touching billions of patient lives. This was done with the continued safety of our team members as top priority and the importance of ensuring the continuity of supply for our customers. As scientific and technical leaders in the industry, we continue to broaden insights with our expertise through West knowledge center, webinars, published articles and technical presentations. We launched five product extensions that continue to bring additional value to our customers, and we donated over $2.5 million. But more importantly, over 3600 volunteer hours were donated by team members to help our local communities with the greatest needs. As we move to slide 8, we strive to be stewards of a sustainable future by factoring environmental considerations into every aspect of our business. In 2021, we expanded our ESG transparency reporting by aligning with a task force for climate related financial disclosure recommendations. This includes reducing energy dependencies, and lessening the emission production through renewable and greener energy, developing more carbon-friendly products, and actively engaging with stakeholders to seek out opportunities to have an impact on climate. Aligned with our focus to improving patient lives across the globe through our products, we remain strongly committed to creating a healthier environment with efforts that will have a positive impact on our communities, and future generations. Turning to slide 9, and the recent announcement of our collaboration with Corning. As you look across biotech and pharma companies, drug pipelines, there is a growing need to provide system solutions to support increasingly more sensitive and complex molecules. And with that comes a changing and increasing regulatory environment that are setting a high bar requirements for performance data on combination products at the system level. These regulatory changes are driving drug manufacturers to look to West to reduce risk by specifically specifying a system of packaging rather than individual components. Were excited to have Corning as a key collaborator as we expand our HVP value proposition to lead the industry from components to a truly integrated system that couples Elastomer and glass. In response to our customers this exclusive supply and technology agreement with Corning includes significant investment in R&D and capital for installed manufacturing capacity to expand Cornings valor glass technology. By combining West industry leading NovaPure components with Daikyo FluroTec coating technology and coordinates, Cornings valor, glass and velocity vials, the collaboration will enable new advanced pharmaceutical packaging solutions. We believe that an integrated system of elastomeric glass under a single drug master file is the next level of high value products. Our initial focus is addressing the need for complete system offering and in time, we will offer a broad range of systems from vials to prefilled syringes to cartridges. As we enter in 2022, we are building on the positive momentum we generate in 2021. We are introducing full year 2022 financial guidance that assumes approximately 10% organic sales led by strong HVP sales, and another strong year of both gross and operating profit margin expansion well in excess of 100 basis points. This guidance includes a substantial acceleration in our R&D efforts as we enter this new era of integrated systems. And with a robust book of committed orders, we see momentum in 2022 and continuing into 2023. As such, we expect to add more capital expansion plans for additional HVP capacity to stay ahead of our customers demand. We expect these projects to be completed throughout the year and ready for 2023 production. Before I turn the call over to Bernard to review our financial results in detail, I want to revisit our long term financial construct. For the past few years we have set our long term financial construct as any organic sales growth of 6% to 8% led by HVP sales and annual operating profit margin expansion of 100 basis points per year. Over the past five years, weve had an annual organic sales CAGR of 13% and annual operating profit margin expansion of 240 basis points per year. Five years ago, biologics was our smallest market unit. Today biologics is our largest market with customers from emerging biotech to large biopharma coming to West and our partner Daikyo which is reinforced by our strong participation rate in recently approved new molecular entities in the U.S. and also in Europe. As we look to the future, we see continued demand growth for HVP products. As we launch a new level HVPs integrated systems were updating our long term construct two annual sales growth of 7% to 9% and we continue to expect to span operating margins by 100 basis points per year over the next few years. Now I will turn it over to our CFO Bernard Birkett who will provide more detail on our financial performance. Bernard?
Bernard Birkett: Thank you, Eric, and good morning. So lets review the numbers in more detail. Well first look at Q4, 2021 revenues and profits, where we saw continued strong sales and EPS growth led by strong revenue performance in each of our proprietary market units. I will take you through the margin growth we saw on the quarter, as well as some balance sheet takeaways. And finally, we will review our 2022 guidance. First up Q4, our financial results are summarized on slide 10 and the reconciliation of non-US GAAP measures are described in slides 19 to 22. We recorded net sales of $730.8 million in the quarter, representing organic sales growth 28.3%. COVID related net revenues are estimated to have been approximately $124 million in the quarter. These net revenues include our assessment of components associated with vaccines, treatment and diagnosis of COVID 19 patients offset by lower sales to customers affected by lower volumes due to the pandemic. Looking at slide 11, proprietary product sales grew organically by 36.8% in the quarter. High value products, which made up approximately 74% of proprietary product sales in the quarter grew double digits and had solid momentum across all of our market units in Q4. Looking at the performance of the market units, the biologics market unit delivered strong double digit growth led by Novapure and Westar components. The generics and pharma market units also experienced double digit growth led by sales of FluroTec and Westar components. And contract manufacturing organic net sales declined by 2.1% in the fourth quarter, primarily driven by lower sales of healthcare related medical devices. We continue to see improvement in gross profits. We recorded $300.6 million in gross profits, 89.5 million or 42.4% above Q4 of last year, and our gross profit margin of 41.1% with a 470 basis point expansion from the same period last year. We saw improvement in adjusted operating profits with $189.2 million recorded this quarter compared to 119.1 million in the same period last year for 58.9% increase. Our adjusted operating profit margin of 25.9% was a 540 basis point increase from the same period last year. Finally, adjusted diluted EPS grew 52% for Q4 excluding stock based compensation tax benefit of $0.6 in Q4. EPS grew by approximately 58%. So lets review the growth drivers in both revenue and profits. On slide 12, we show the contributions to sales growth in the quarter. Volume and mix contributions at $153 million or 26.4 percentage points of growth, including approximately $78 million of incremental volume driven by COVID-19 related net demand. Sales price increases contributed 11.3 million or 1.9 percentage points of growth. Looking at margin performance. Slide 13 shows our consolidated gross profit margin of 41.1% for Q4, 2021, up from 36.4% in Q4, 2020. Proprietary products fourth quarter gross profit margin 46.3% was 460 basis points above the margin achieved in the fourth quarter of 2020. The key drivers for the continued improvements in proprietary products gross profit margin were favorable mix of product sold driven by growth in high value products, production efficiencies, sales price increases, partially offset by increased overhead costs, inclusive of compensation. Contract manufacturing fourth quarter gross profit margin of 16.5% was 70 basis points below the margin achieved in the fourth quarter of 2020. The decrease in margin is largely attributed to increased raw material cost and a mix of product sold. Now lets look at our balance sheet and review how weve done in terms of generating more cash. On Slide 14, we have listed some key cash flow metrics. Operating cash flow was $584 million for the year, an increase of $111.5 million compared to the same period last year, a 23.6% increase. Operating cash flow in the period was adversely impacted by a working capital increase as well as an increase in tax payments. In 2021, we spent over $253 million on capital expenditures, a 45% increase over 2020. The majority of the incremental CapEx has been leveraged to increase our high value product manufacturing capacity within our existing facilities. We expanded capacity at 13 existing sites, the 13 major facility modifications and over 400 pieces of equipment all while keeping pace with the growing demand. We have continued to increase capacity at our HVP sites in the U.S., Germany, Ireland, and in Singapore and we have been able to leverage our existing asset base to support proprietary products manufacturing. For example, our Williamsport Pennsylvania site formally a contract manufacturing site will be transformed with over half its manufacturing capacity to support proprietary products with elastomer mixing and batch off line. And this leverage is a close proximity to our HVP site at Jersey Shore. As we flex our global infrastructure with the phase capacity expansion, we are well-positioned for the continued growth in 2022. Working capital of approximately $1.1 billion increased a $277.6 million from 2020, primarily due to higher accounts receivable from our increased sales, higher inventory levels and an increase in our cash position. Our cash balance at December 31, a $762.6 million was $147.1 million higher in our December 2020 balance. The increase in cash is primarily due to our strong operating results in the period offset by our share repurchase program and higher CapEx. Turning to guidance. Slide 15 provides a high level summary. Full-year 2022 net sales guidance will be in a range of $3.05 billion to $3.075 billion. There is an estimated headwind of $70 million based on current foreign exchange rates. We expect organic sales growth to be approximately 10%. This comp comprises a mid-teen growth in our proprietary business. The forecast includes mid-teen growth in our base business and mid-teen growth in our net COVID related revenues. For contract manufacturing, we are forecasting low-to-mid single digit negative growth in 2022. We do expect contract manufacturing to return to growth in 2023. We expect our full-year 2022 reports of diluted EPS guidance to be in a range of $9.20 to $9.35, also our CapEx guidance is $380 million for the year. There are some key elements I want to bring your attention to as you review our guidance. Estimated FX headwind on EPS had an impact of approximately $0.21 based on current foreign currency exchange rates and our guidance excludes future tax benefits from stock based compensation. To summarize the key takeaways for the fourth quarter, strong topline growth in proprietary. Gross profit margin improvement, growth in operating profit margin, growth in adjusted diluted EPS and growth in operating cash flow delivering in line with our pillars of execute, innovate, and grow. Id now like to turn the call back over to Eric.
Eric Green: Thank you, Bern. To summarize, in Slide 16, the excellent financial performance reported today continues to reaffirm that our strategy is working. We have a strong base business proven by our market led approach was delivering unique value to our customers. Our global operations team is efficiently manufacturing the delivery products in its complex environment with a focus on service and quality. And were continuing to accelerate capital spending across our operations to the current and anticipated future growth. We realize that our products are critical for healthcare across the globe which is why were so dedicated to support patient health today and well into the future. So Wanda, were ready to take questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you.  Our first question comes from the line of Derik DeBruin with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Derik DeBruin: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Just a couple of points initially. So, can you remind us what the full-year COVID contribution number was for 21? And as you still look at the 22 guide, and just in general of the business, I mean are you capacity constrained on your non-COVID products. Ive been paced to be this is a polite way of asking that is as COVID sort of rolls off or you can be able to backfill that with non-COVID business and then reach into the question of what does 23 look like?
Bernard Birkett: So, good morning, Derik. And on the COVID number is 459 for 2021. And we would expect to see that grow in the mid-teen range and within 2022. And capacity, Ill hand over to, yes?
Eric Green: Yes, thanks Derik. So, on the capacity, youre right. And when we think about where were adding the capacity, it is really around HVP products prior to at NovaPure plungers and stoppers. And if you think about the two areas of high growth that were experiencing and we anticipate continued growth around the vaccines, but also in our biologics portfolio which would and is consuming the additional capacity that were putting in place as we speak today. So, we have plans that weve create investments in 2020 and that has been put in place and being ready for production as we speak. And we have additional capacity coming on throughout this year as in into early next year. So, its a combination of both, Derik.
Derik DeBruin: But you do feel confident that youll be able to backfill. Is that, I mean, essentially every question Im getting from investors is like are you and other companies that are supplying to the COVID vaccine market going to have this big gap in 23 as things roll off?
Eric Green: No. we will be able to utilize the existing equipment and future equipment were installing right now because the approach we took on bringing customers towards the highest part of our growth in the portfolio so we can absorb that as we go into 2023 and 2024 if trajectory is changed around vaccinations. 
Bernard Birkett: Yes. and this is something that we you know in communicating throughout 2020 and 2021, as we layer in this extra capacity, its not truly for COVID, its for both core and COVID and even if there was a slight lag, it would be for a very short time based on the order book and the forecast that we have. So, were relatively confident that we can use that capacity and pretty quickly as soon as it comes on board.
Derik DeBruin: Great. Ive got some more, but Ill shut up and let somebody else ask. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Larry Solow with CJS Securities. Your line is open.
Larry Solow: Great. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Just some more topic, Ill think maybe a different angle at it. Just to me it looks like Im kind of encouraged by the CapEx expansion up to $380 million; its a pretty significant number and a good bump up from last year. So, to me that demonstrates some good confidence on your outlook and also I guess pumping up the long-term outlook by a 100 bips, I guess enough sort of from a current where we stand today, right, historically. So, Im kind of confident and confident about that but Im just trying to figure just this CapEx expansion. It sounds like its more non-COVID related base business stuff and is it also is there a big chunk of that related to Corning, can you give us a little more visibility on Corning and also how that ties in with you sort of mentioned expansion and in on R&D which has been like 2% running about 2% a year. Is that do we should we expect that to bump up significantly as a percent of revenue going forward?
Bernard Birkett: Yes. So, a couple of things there. So, on the CapEx, some of that CapEx is still around COVID and a lot of which you write it around also supporting the base business and is particularly targeted as a high value product area. So, what we would say getting close to 70% of our CapEx is growth based at this point. And on Corning, yes we are making some investments around that. We expect that to be around $50 million CapEx in the year. Well go and laying our R&D, we will have a step-up in R&D also around Corning. And again, thats all baked into the forecast.
Larry Solow: In terms of COVID and I realize this still our question works. But it sounds like you certainly expect growth this year. Did you get any feel for what your customers see going out of the next few years, obviously theres a lot of question marks but any feel for that? And second question there, is there been any as the therapeutics and were probably the vaccines have evolved and is there any been any changes in packaging from sort of initial stages, or they are your customers looking more-and-more for your services and products. Can you give us any color on that?
Eric Green: Well Larry, so what were seeing right now is that youre right, we were initially providing solutions around the vials. And they were multiple doses per vial and were seeing this transition in lifecycle management as we speak. And starting in 2022, its the less doses per vial. So, its a different type of solution that we provide some more economics from a unit basis but its more of a transition less doses per vial which is a net positive for West. And the transition will take place, it is not perfectly in the calendar year but its been 2022 going into 2023. The next stage after that and thats where Bernard was talking about some of the capital. Its still pointing towards back scenes as more towards prefilled syringes and so that is a scenario where were so investing because thats more of a one or two year our type of the start of a transition for our customers. So, I hope they kind of get you this kind of landscape and helping to evolve for the next several years to the lifecycle.
Larry Solow: Yes. I appreciate that, thats good call. Just last question if I may. Speaking of that, its just on the price increases you mentioned I think it was about just below 2% price, any favor this quarter. I just look at that in light of I think supply chain impacts inflationary pressures. Certainly you guys are probably built has good or better than most companies frankly probably that in the world, theyre not just in your industry. But obviously there is some inflation out there but particularly the oil and resin and stuff. So, deal price increases, should we expect these to maybe bump up a little bit over time, have you and then short term or have you been increasing prices a little bit to some customers to sort of offset some of these inflationary pressures?
Bernard Birkett: Yes. We have the opportunity based on some of the contracts and agreements are in place to increase some of those price increases to cover some of these inflationary pressures. And so that thats within our wheelhouse to do that. And that is something that we have been doing towards backend of 2021 and we would Im going to see that here again in 2022.
Larry Solow: Okay, great.
Bernard Birkett: Its also the opportunity for us to and apply surcharges and certain instances where we see some specific inflationary pressure.
Larry Solow: Right. Okay, great. I appreciate, thank you guys.
Bernard Birkett: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Kreger with William Blair. Your line is open.
John Kreger: Hi, thanks very much. Eric, I appreciate the update on the long-term growth construct. Can you just talk about how you think about longer-term CapEx around that same construct? Should we be thinking that CapEx is sort of a percent of revenue around the sales perhaps declining after the big bullets in the last few years? Just how are you thinking about that number?
Eric Green: That John, we are looking at a once we get through this bullets that were currently managing through, we do want to get back to these 6% to 7% of sales and revenues. We do believe that is appropriate for that type of business, particularly we think about above 30% of our CapEx is around maintenance lets call it 10% 15% around our digital and then balance of this is on growth. So, we do believe that construct -- last year this year is really around the growth sector. And making sure that we have installed capacity. I will tell you when Im also very pleased in how the team has right sized facility network. As you know years ago, we had 29, we are at 25, and were able to leverage those facilities more efficiently. So, the capital were putting in is more around equipment and processes versus land and buildings. So, either teams done a very well very good job in that regard. And were able to leverage and were well-positioned for the future.
Bernard Birkett: Yes, just on that, John. In previous year as it because we looked at the split of capital maintenance was 40% to 50% of the CapEx budgets. And so then obviously the remainder was on growth and IT. And now youre seeing the growth portion close to 70% and the thing with that as well as Eric just said, as soon as that CapEx hits our facility, its straight into operations, were getting the return on a much quicker and some of the CapEx investments we would have made a number of years ago just given the nature of them. And so, its responding to demand, since youre responding as fast as we can and with this no increase capital allocation over the 2020, 2021, and into 2022. It should normalize and be on that.
John Kreger: Got it, thank you. And then, a follow-up, Eric, I think you said at the beginning of the call, the order book was at a director level which sounds good. Can you just elaborate a little bit on that and Im thinking kind of two things. As you think about biologics versus generics versus pharma, what is that order book sort of tell you in terms of growth trajectory there. And also with tight supply chains, has your order book duration sort of extended or is it pretty typical today versus a year or two ago?
Eric Green: So, it was two dynamics were happening. One is, Ill take the latter one first because I think youre right. What were seeing is well the number has increased. We dont specifically spelt the number but its increase what were seeing its we have better visibility beyond the four or five quarters. So, its for almost a two year horizon now. And one of the levers that will work with customers on is working with the supply chains working together to get that visibility so we can level load our operations more efficiently and be more effective and supports our customers. And at the other area, when you think about what if you kind of break it out of the increase, it really comes down to three buckets really. One is increase on the demand on around vaccines, another increase which Im very pleased about is quite different than it was lets say three or four years ago particularly in biologics. Is really a success of various drug launches for our clients or customers, I wont get into specifics and thats not just one but its many. And then the third driver really is what I call the core growth in that is encompassing biologic results encompassing what we call pharma are small molecules and also generics. So, bottom line is all areas are growing nicely as for the more -- we waited for biologics, was a lot of drug successes were seeing. And but again if you look at our CapEx profile, what were putting into our facilities today its the higher end of the HVP switch squarely goes after the biologic space.
John Kreger: Thats helpful, I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jacob Johnson with Stephens. Your line is open.
Jacob Johnson: Hi, thanks. This maybe a little bit repetitive based on that last answer but Ill ask anyways. I mean, yes Ive considerable participation rate. Im just curious are you seeing a change in market share, your market share pre-imposed COVID. You are talking about mid-teens growth hedged over this year. You just bumped up your long-term growth outlook. Is this the market in biologics or are you taking share and is it kind of growth in those higher value products. Maybe its all debugged but just curious kind of on the robust growth you guys are pointing to in this next year and beyond?
Eric Green: Hi, Jacob. So, its actually all of the above. So, what were seeing as our participation rate is in biologics, we continue to be well north of 90%. And actually, Im very pleased on our performance in 2021 particularly when you look at in particular VLA was approved that then really use our types of products, it was more in different configuration. So, we look at that as an opportunity. And in the small molecule area, and we see about ANDAs were equal or slightly better and we were pre-COVID. And I would argue that pre-COVID if you look in step couple of years before that or even stronger than that. So, it as youve seen a gradual improvement as we go forward. Im really excited about this partnership and where were talking HVP to the next level because that again reinforces our leadership position and really bring in new technologies to the market that really de-risks our customers process in entering the market.
Jacob Johnson: Got it, thats helpful. And maybe following-up on de-risking the process. I think in December, the FDA put out some guidance on visible particular from this periods it effects something that could be a catalyst for you all or maybe its nothing. Just curious on that?
Eric Green: It helps us. Any time there is higher level quality requirements and our regulatory changes our direction that they would like to go. That puts us in a varied position, also our partner Daikyo in a very good position because we do have solutions that can rebuild standards and it could be adoption of existing molecules in the market but also the new pipeline. But to your point, the biggest catalyst of this relationship we built with Corning is all around regulatory changes towards combination devices and our systems versus individual components. So, it is very good for West as these regulatory changes become more stringent as we go forward.
Jacob Johnson: Got it. Ill leave it there. Thanks for taking the questions.
Eric Green: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Knight with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Paul Knight: Hi, Eric. On the commentary earlier regarding the trend toward pre-filled syringes, is this not where biotechnology industry wants to go, meaning the its not just COVID vaccines which Im sure they want to do that as well but is that not kind of a primary driver for biotechnology customers right now and why I guess the other question.
Eric Green: Yes, absolutely. Paul, so there is a push towards pre-filled syringes in multiple dimensions, right, if think about the biologics space and also you think about the vaccines themselves for easier distribution administering patients is and et cetera. So, there is a push towards technology that supports advancements of pre-filled syringes. And I think again thats the reason why we have a really good offer now between Crystal Zenith is an alternative for glass but also with working partnering with Corning. It does eliminate at the end of the day like you say it limits risk from going away from the vial.
Paul Knight: And then, when we talk about capacity editions, from the initiation of spending, how long before projects are running and delivering revenue. Is it a year, is it two years, how long is it?
Eric Green: Yes. Its a combination of two things. Let me try to frame that because its been so good point youre raising. One point is once these equipment lands in our facility and were able to validate, were talking matter of weeks before we have an equipment up and running. And frankly, based on a digital connectivity to all our equipment across the globe, you will see that utilization go shoot up right up to the 80+% of range. But the point that will be conscious of is that when we talked about investments in 2020, is I think its two phases we spoke of, I would say a little over to three forces of over 75% of those already in place in producing finished product. And the rest of that delta is can be completed early on in 2022. The other investments we initiated in 2021 called Phase 3 and Phase 4, I would say today where we stand is about 15% complete or 20% installed and producing finished product And the balance of that is planned to be completed throughout 2022 and the early 2023. So, based on our commitments what we made and our customers future demand, thats kind of the cadence were seeing with these investments and how long does it take for the equipment to be built to be delivered and then installed. And that could take anywhere between a few months to two or three quarters depending on the equipment.
Operator: Thank you.  Our next question comes from the line of Dave Windley with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Dave Windley: Hi thanks, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask a question I think John and Jacob have both asked slightly differently. Your long-term growth construct on revenue in particular, could you talk about contributors their expectations for growth between proprietary products and contract manufacturing. I was just asking because contract manufacturing has kind of fluctuated quite a bit. Im wondering if your thoughts about the relative contributors to that 1% increase might be a little different than just 1%?
Eric Green: Yes. I will start and Bern if you want to add to it. Youre right. The driver behind that really is around our proprietary business more so than contract manufacturing. I think we look at contract manufacturing, youre right were seeing as we indicated some volatility is based on contracts in timing to ramp up of new agreements. So, when we look at proprietary, we do believe that stronger or robust and you had historically and its really around the biologics is the main driver. We do still believe in the small molecule space roughly its called low-to-mid single, mid-single from the pharma side and then generics is meant to high single on the construct perspective. And then biologics is in the double digits. And now that biologics is the bigger piece of our business, approximately over 40% lets say and its driven by high value products and higher end of that portfolio, thats the reason why we have very strong confidence to our leads raised by that 100 basis points that we spoke of. Bern, do you want to add more color?
Bernard Birkett: It ties in with the discussion we had on CapEx. So, you can see where were investing a lot of our capital around high value products and that is now the primarily primary growth driver in then the business and then specifically within biologics. But you could also see in what weve seen here in 2021 that were seeing HVP uptake in the other market units as well in generics and pharma. So, thats now starting to permeate the rest of the business which is a positive info as well. So, when we then look at contract manufacturing and the growth there is probably mid-single digits and maybe at the lower end of our construct. And thats what weve seen particularly over the last year and probably the back half of 2020. And so, from a mix perspective, its we get a much was a much better return on those investments were making, so that that way we can try off from it.
Dave Windley: Excellent. So, if I then stick on a proprietary product, I mean you again probably touched on pieces of this but probably any one of those is -- any one of biologics been a higher portion of that pie and growing faster a higher adoption of the high end of your high value products, so kind of richer mix, maybe some underlying volume growth from a stronger pipeline in last several years. Any one of those seems like its probably might be worth 1% on its own. Is it a combination of all of those things or does one of those things stand out?
Eric Green: Its a combination. And were seeing the very strong demand across all of the market units and you can see thats reflected in the guidance how we get in for 2022 around our proprietary business. Now that were guiding in their mid-teens and so, it is a combination of different drivers that just doesnt hang on one thing.
Dave Windley: Yes. And then switching subjects a little bit on in Corning and Valor, certainly the system approach that youre talking about makes some sense. My understanding is that maybe thats been the case in the industry that you would source a variety of solution or parts of solutions and put those together in go-to market. Perhaps you could talk about the context there and then also what drove you to choose Corning and Valor in particular and how long do you think it takes to develop one of these solutions that youre talking about to bring to market? Thanks.
Eric Green: Hi, Dave. So, theres first of all we have a history of a really strong partnership with Daikyo. So, as we enter into this relationship with Corning, were very confident we can create a similar model. Youre right, the reason why we engage in those conversations is when we speak with our customers, the challenges they face usually try to find the right called the containment solution for the products. And what they find is its highly fragmented and is our patchwork environment of multiple suppliers. So, when we really think about it and you look at the elastomers and glass, there is several Drug Master Files solutions that need to be supplied with that particular drug molecule. And the release maybe after that has been able to develop a truly integrated system from ground up. So, when we looked at to think about ourselves and Daikyo, we do believe we put ourselves as the leading innovators around elastomers and primary packaging. And when you think about unparalleled glass science and the deep material science capability at Corning which is well known in multiple industries but in our industry in pharma. And they also have deep manufacturing and engineering capabilities which is truly unique. Thats why as we sat down and talked about the partnership, the focus is really to redefine the future of containment solutions and then really create naturally integrated system. That de-risks what Ive said earlier about our customers drug development and manufacturing processes with a single product one DMF and end-to-end support for our customers by West. So, thats the premise why we have embarked on this relationship. And this is utilizing glass technology between borosilicate which has been in the industry for decades. And the newly developed aluminosilicate that Corning has developed really to provide a range of quality benefits. So, what Im trying to articulate is the leveraging that partnership with them truly enables us to get to the best in quality first in class system in the industry between the two firms. And leveraging obviously we see two firms, Daikyo and West together from the elastomer side. So, hopefully that gives you the kind of an appreciation of what were embarking on now. As you know, if you think about the NovaPure journey that we were on and other new launches we had here at West, our lands on the biologic pipeline is very good. And so, thats the area that well focus on and as we characterize and truly get to that system approach we are between the two firms we need to add additional capital, manufacturing capabilities, full both see the documentation and driven by data, scientific data for our customers, we do believe its going to take a little bit of a time and that should probably get to that point. So, just like NovaPure took a few years to get penetration and now youre seeing the benefits, we see similar type of characteristics with a system approach. Well start with -- will have vials, well have pre-filled syringes, and well have cartridges at the end of the day.
Dave Windley: Great. Thats helpful perspective. Thank you.
Eric Green: Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Thank you. Im showing no further questions in the queue. I will now like to turn the call back over to Quintin for closing remarks.
Quintin Lai: Thanks, Wanda. And thank you for joining us on todays conference call. And online archive of the broadcast will be available on our website at westpharma.com in the investor section. Additionally you may access a replay through Thursday, February 24th, by using the dialing numbers and conference ID provided at the end of todays earnings release. That concludes this call. Have a nice day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that concludes todays conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may not disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Q3 2021 West Pharmaceutical Services Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today conference call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to Quintin Lai, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Quintin Lai: Thank you, Amanda. Good morning. And welcome to Wests third quarter 2021 conference call. We issued our financial results this morning, and the release has been posted in the Investors section on the companys website located at westpharma.com. This morning, CEO, Eric Green; and CFO, Bernard Birkett, will review our financial results, provide an update on our business and present an update on our full year 2021 financial guidance. There is a slide presentation that accompanies todays call, and a copy of that presentation is available on the Investors section of our website. On Slide 4 is our safe harbor statement. Statements made by the management on this call and in the accompanying presentation contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. federal securities law. These statements are based on our beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. The companys future results are influenced by many factors beyond the control of the company. Actual results could differ materially from past results, as well as those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement made here. Please refer to todays press release, as well as any other disclosures made by the company regarding the risk to which it is subject, including our 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports. During todays call, management will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures, including organic sales growth, adjusted operating profit, adjusted operating profit margin and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in this mornings earnings release. Ill now turn the call over to Wests CEO and President, Eric Green.
Eric Green: Thank you, Quintin, and good morning everyone. And thanks for joining us today. We will start on Slide 5. Our team delivered an incredibly strong third quarter. Our proven market led strategy delivered double-digit growth across all three market units and geographies and excluding positive impact from sales related to the pandemic. We delivered double-digit growth in our base business. With continued strong adoption of our high value products, coupled with solid execution and leveraging our global operating model. It has led to robust margin expansion and EPS growth for the quarter. Our Q3 performance was made possible by the commitment of the West team members across the globe. We are in the business of helping our customers bring new medicines and treatments that improve the lives of patients. Im very proud and humbled of how we live our purpose by producing billions of components and devices each quarter. And we do so with the knowledge that each and every component we make is impacting patients life. We continue to fulfill our purpose by earning our customers trust by leading with quality, service and science. Looking ahead, we are well positioned with the right growth strategy. Our committed order book remains robust. We continue to capture the benefits of the globalization of our operating network and continued capital investments to support the increasing demand driven by the pandemic and attractive end markets. With this substantial momentum, we are raising our sales and EPS guidance for the full year 2021. And for the 29th consecutive year, we are increasing the companys dividend. Bernard will go into greater detail shortly. Turning to Slide 6. Our key drivers of growth in Q3 are being fueled by COVID-19 customers that are using our stoppers and seals, including the highest level of NovaPure and FluroTec. Biologic customers that are shifting preference from FluroTec to our premium platform, NovaPure to achieve the highest quality and tightest specifications for their newly approved biologic drugs and pharma and generic customers that are increasing orders as their demand grows for non-COVID-19 vaccines and injectable drugs. Shifting to our device portfolio and our longstanding partnership with Daikyo Seiko. We continue to see adoption and uptick of customer interest for new pipeline drugs with Crystal Zenith syringes, cartridges, and vials. To meet this demand and stay ahead of the current growth trends for future approvals, we have continued to add manufacturing capacity for CZ. Our teams have successfully validated additional lines for insert needles, syringes, and will begin producing commercial product by the end of the year. All these products, as well as other HVP components are contributing to our growing book of committed orders, which position us well for the remainder of the year and into 2022 and beyond. Moving to Slide 7. To-date, we have been leveraging our global infrastructure and tapping it into the agility of our own team to meet the increased customer orders. As we highlighted in Q2, several phases of investment are proceeding, and now being realized. Since the onset of the pandemic, we have expanded capacity at 13 existing sites with 30 major facility modifications dedicated over 300 million of capital and added over 400 incremental pieces of equipment. All while keeping pace with a growing base demand and moving our operations to 24/7. As our book of committed orders continues to surge, we will continue to make further strategic investments to meet demand. Today, were announcing a fourth phase of capacity expansion that will commence in 2022. This will primarily focus on expanding NovaPure production at our HVP sites in the United States and Europe. Shifting to the rapidly changing environment and the impact of COVID-19 on the global supply chain, no industry has been immune to this impact. Were working with our partners to help overcome challenges that span from transportation and logistics, to raw materials and securing labor, all leading to cost inflation and delays. We are successfully navigating this environment. Thanks to Part 2, our unsurpassed manufacturing footprint that will continue to serve our business well, as we operate through these unprecedented times. Turning the Slide 8, Im proud of this significant progress we have made on our ESG priorities. These have been an integral part of our one West culture and our commitment to all our stakeholders and the communities where we work and live. Over the past six years, we continue to raise the bar in all aspects of our ESG initiatives, and we remain on track to publish by year-end a supplement to our 2020 corporate responsibility report incorporating the SASB and TFCD ESG standards. Now Ill turn it over to our CFO, Bernard Birkett, who will provide more detail on the financial performance. Bernard?
Bernard Birkett: Thank you, Eric, and good morning. Lets review the numbers in more detail. Well first look at Q3 2021 revenues and profits where we saw continued strong sales and EPS growth, led by strong revenue performance in our biologics, generics and pharma market units. I will take you through the margin growth we saw in the quarter, as well as some balance sheet takeaways. And finally, we will provide an update to our 2021 guidance. First up Q3, our financial results are summarized on Slide 9 and the reconciliation of non-U.S. GAAP measures are described in Slide 17 to 21. We recorded net sales of $706.5 million representing organic sales growth of 27.9%. COVID related net revenues are estimated to have been approximately $115 million in the quarter. These net revenues include our assessment of components associated vaccines, treatment and diagnosis of COVID-19 patients offset by lower sales to customers affected by lower volumes due to the pandemic. Looking at Slide 10. Proprietary products sales grew organically by 35.7% in the quarter. High value products, which made up approximately 73%, our proprietary product sales in the quarter grew double digits and had solid momentum across all of our market units in Q3. Looking at the performance of the market units. The biologics market unit delivered strong double digit growth. We continue to work with many biotech and biopharma customers who are using West and Daikyo high value product offering. The generics market units also experienced double digit growth led by sales of FluroTec and Westar components. Our pharma market units also saw a strong double digit growth with sales led by high value products, including Westar, FluroTec NovaPure components. And contract manufacturing had low single digit organic sales growth for the third quarter led once again, by sales of healthcare related medical devices. We continued to see improvement in gross profit. We recorded $288.2 million in gross profit, $93.6 million or 48.1% above Q3 of last year. And our gross profit margin of 40.8% was a 530 basis point expansion from the same period last year. We saw improvement in adjusted operating profit with $182.8 million recorded this quarter compared to $103.9 million in the same period last year or a 75.9% increase. Our adjusted operating profit margin 25.9% was a 690 basis point increase on the same period last year. Finally, adjusted diluted EPS grew 79% for Q3, excluding stock-based compensation tax benefit of $0.11 in Q3, EPS grew by approximately 72%. Lets review the growth drivers in both revenue and profit. On Slide 11, we show the contributions to sales growth in the quarter. Volume and mix contributed $142.9 million or 26.1 percentage points of growth, including approximately $83 million of incremental volume driven by COVID-19 related net demand. Sales price increases contributed $10.1 million or 1.8 percentage points of growth. Looking at margin performance. Slide 19 shows our consolidated gross profit margin of 40.8% for Q3 2021, up 35.5% in Q3 2020. Proprietary products third quarter gross profit margin of 46.3% was 550 basis points above the margin achieved in the third quarter of 2020. The key drivers for continued improvement in proprietary products gross profit margin were favorable mix of product sold driven by growth in high value products, production efficiencies and sales price increases, partially offset by increased overhead costs, inclusive of compensation. Contract manufacturing third quarter gross profit margin of 16.1% was 180 basis points below the margin achieved in the quarter of 2020. The decrease in margin is largely attributed to mix of product sold as well as timing of the pass through of raw material price increases to customers. Now lets look of our balance sheet takeaway and review how weve done in terms of generating more cash for the business. On Slide 13, we have listed some key cash flow metrics. Operating cash was $423.2 million for the third quarter of 2021, an increase of $99.4 million compared to the same period last year, a 0.7% increase. Operating cash flow in the period was adversely impacted by a working capital increase as well as timing of tax payments. Our third quarter 2021 year-to-date capital spending was $176.9 million, $62  $60.2 million higher than the same period last year. Working capital of approximately $1 billion at September 30, 202, increased by $169.4 million from December 31, 2020, primarily due to higher accounts receivable from our increased sales. Our cash balance at September 30 of $688 million with $72.5 million higher than our December 2020 balance. The increase in cash is primarily due to our strong operating results in the period offset by our share repurchase program and higher CapEx. Turning to guidance. Slide 14 provides a high level summary. Full year 2021 net sales are expected to be in a range of $2.8 billion and $2.81 billion compared to our prior guidance range of $2.76 billion to $2.785 billion. This guidance includes estimated net COVID incremental revenues of approximately $450 million. There is an estimated benefit of $55 million based on current foreign exchange rates compared to a prior estimated benefit of $80 million. This $25 million reduction in FX tailwind has been absorbed into our guidance. We expect organic sales growth to be approximately 28% compared to a prior range of 24% to 25%. We expect our full year 2021 reported diluted EPS guidance to be in a range of $8.40 to $8.50 compared to a prior range of $8.05 to $8.20. This revised guidance includes $0.35 EPS positive impact of tax benefits from stock-based compensation from the first nine months of 2021. Also our CapEx guidance remains at $260 million to $275 million for the year. There are some key elements I want to bring your attention to as we review our guidance. Estimated FX benefit on EPS has an impact of approximately $0.19 based on current foreign currency exchange rates compared to a prior estimated benefit of $0.27. And our guidance excludes future tax benefits from stock-based compensation. To summarize the key takeaways for the third quarter, strong top line growth and proprietary, gross profit margin improvement, growth in operating profit margin, growth in adjusted diluted EPS and growth in operating cash flow, delivering in line with our pillars of execute, innovate and grow. Id now like to turn the call back over to Eric.
Eric Green: Great. Thank you, Bernard. To summarize on Slide 15, the excellent financial performance reported today continues to reaffirm that our strategy is working. Our market led approach is delivering unique value to our customers. Our global operations team is efficiently manufacturing and delivering product in this complex environment with a focus on service and quality. And were continuing to accelerate capital spending across our operations to meet current and anticipated future growth. Most importantly, we have an incredible team working to make this all happen. We are proud to serve as a valuable trusted partner for customers to support patient health and look forward to continue to play a critical role in delivering healthcare well into the future. Amanda, were ready to take questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Larry Solow from CJS Securities. Your line is now open.
Larry Solow: Thank you very much. Congratulations on another good quarter. And sounds like the outlook Eric, continues to improve. Maybe you can just discuss a little bit on the additional capacity expansions today that you announced. On NovaPure is that  it sounds like just another acceleration from planned capacity expansion that was probably a couple years  originally going to be a couple years out. So maybe is this NovaPure your expansion driven more on the base business, on the vaccine side? Is that more of a mix? Maybe you can give us a little color on that.
Eric Green: Larry thanks for the question and good morning. No, youre absolutely correct. So what were seeing with the additional capital expansion is it was planned for further years out, brought it forward. This is more of a demand of both areas of biologics, new drug molecules being launched. And around the NovaPure, particularly around the plungers and also the life cycle management of COVID vaccines, as you think about various configurations, whether its in a vial configuration or a prefilled syringe. So it is a mix effect. And we brought it forward based on our discussions with customers and commitments that obviously we are making for them, but also what theyre making towards us.
Larry Solow: And in terms of the life cycle management on the COVID vaccines, do you see this proliferating more into  as it goes more into doctors offices and maybe less on the mass vaccine basis, whereas the community centers and whatnot. I would imagine that benefit to you. Do you have any visibility on that that you can share with us in terms of dosing, switching maybe from five, 10 per vial to down to single doses?
Eric Green: Well, Larry those conversations are ongoing right now. When we look at the current mix that we have for our customers, its still mostly in regards to the COVID vaccines, its still mostly within vials and multiple doses per vials. But we continue to prepare ourselves as things do change over time. But the near-term, near-future were really focused on meeting the current configuration. Think about our capital expansions, theyre taking typically between one  lets call it 12 to 18 months to get in validated and start scaling up production. So thats the type of timeline were looking at far as preparing ourselves for any additional demand and other configurations.
Larry Solow: Got you. And then just last a quick one. I saw you guys have release on this and this might just be a small little additional service offer. You guys on this DeltaCube modeling platform that you put out, I think that was presented at industry meeting a couple weeks ago. Is there any color on that this sort of online I guess, it helps customers design their packaging needs and whatnot. Any color on that.
Eric Green: Yes. Larry, one of the drivers, if you think about our pillars of strategy under execute, one of the key drivers of being market led is digitization, obviously internally, but externally for our customers and also digitization of product, now same focus on customers. What we  we have a wealth of data and science information that weve developed in our laboratories and work with the customers over the years. And what weve been able to do is use together our digital capabilities that weve been building over the last couple years with a predictive modeling capability, which is a more data driven offering. So as you can imagine, a customer trying to identify with their complex molecule that theyre looking at developing and obviously ultimately, commercializing. What is the ideal packaging configuration? And so that is where we are bringing that data to the forefront leading with science, being that scientific destination choice for our customers and providing that those insights. So more to come. Were excited that we launched this. But for me personally, its a great example of our leadership position in leading with science for our customers.
Larry Solow: Absolutely. I look forward to learn more about that. Okay, great. Thanks, Eric. I appreciate the thoughts.
Eric Green: Thanks, Larry.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Kreger from William Blair. Your line is now open.
John Kreger: A question about COVID visibility. Based upon your discussions with clients and your order book, when would you expect your COVID volumes to start to tail off?
Eric Green: Well, right now, the way we see our confirmed order book on a complete  if you look at it as a complete order book  committed book, youll find that the  well see that the COVID piece continues to increase. Its not the majority of it, but it is continuously increased. And so we have good visibility going into 2022. John a lot of the invest that weve made committed to last year and the one that we just spoke of today a good portion of that is related to COVID vaccines to support not just the demands in the more mature markets, but basically on a global basis. So I wont give a number out on the COVID piece, but its still very robust for us.
John Kreger: Okay. Thanks. So the COVID 2022 outlook would appear to be up from 2021.
Eric Green: Well, theres a lot of factors, John in that, but right now, the way were discussing it with customers expanding capacity and building the capabilities in our plants, we anticipate similar, if not a little more stronger demand in 2022.
John Kreger: Sounds good.
Bernard Birkett: Were also seeing, its not just the COVID demand that the CapEx expansions are for it. Its for our core business demand. And as Eric alluded to earlier, like we are seeing strong growth in those areas as well. So the CapEx is not just reliant on COVID, its there to support our business over the short and medium and long-term. So we have enough capacity over time to or enough demand to fill that capacity when it starts to come online.
John Kreger: Thats good. Thanks, Bernard. Actually a follow-up question for you on margins. Given the surge that you guys have seen over the last year, what is your comfort level that they can be sustained as you think about longer term planning? Or should we think about those margins to kind of come back to the older trend line once COVID volumes start to normalize?
Bernard Birkett: I wouldnt see the margins coming back to where they were. I think the gains that we have gained over the last 12 to 24 months, our plan is to hold onto those and actually expand margins further as we move out over the next number of years. And you can see it in the dynamic of our business and where the growth is actually coming from. So its  a lot of it is placed within the biologic market unit, and that is driving a lot of the growth on revenue, but plus on margins. And again, its not specifically reliant on COVID its within our core business. And what were actually seeing and you can see on some of the callouts, the growth that were seeing around generics and pharma, we are seeing the high value products, getting traction in those areas also. So coupled with the efficiencies that were forecasting to come from operations, we believe that we will continue to expand margins. Will it be at the same pace as what were experiencing here in 2021? Thats something that we will give further information on when we guide here in the first part of 2022.
John Kreger: All right. Sounds good. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Derik DeBruin from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Derik DeBruin: Hey, good morning.
Eric Green: Good morning, Derik.
Derik DeBruin: Hi. So a couple question. I think first one, can you talk a little about the contract manufacturing segment a little bit lower than what we had forecast and also comps start getting easier next quarter. So should we start to think about starting next quarter, your back at sort of that high single digit, low double digit growth rates that your long-term guide implies?
Bernard Birkett: Yes. If youre talking about getting to the end of 2021, I wouldnt see.
Derik DeBruin: Yes. Yes, yes.
Bernard Birkett: I wouldnt see acceleration in the growth rates in that timeframe. My expectation is itll be pretty similar to what we saw here in Q3. And we had been signaling that, talking about that for a long time, that the growth in contract manufacturing would modify for a period of time. And then as we move into 2022 and 2023, we would expect to see that growth to begin to accelerate again, but more in line with kind of mid single digit growth rates, rather than like double digit growth rates that we had experienced in 2017 and 2018. And so weve looked at the mix of our business and looked at where we should be deploying our capital to make sure that we are getting growth rates, but also that its on our proprietary side. Were still very, very focused on contract, but I wouldnt see it growing at double digits.
Derik DeBruin: Great. Thats really helpful color. And can we talk a little bit about how you sort of thinking about CapEx over the next 2022, 2023 time period? I mean, since youre pointing some things forward, should we expect similar levels next year? So thats one. And then I guess, whats the revenue potential for the additional capacity expansions that youve got ongoing overall?
Bernard Birkett: So as Eric said, were seeing very, very strong demand both within our core business and responding to COVID. So, our CapEx stepped up in 2020 and here again in 2021, and were not going to guide to a number for 2022, but it will be a little bit higher than what we wouldve normally guided at least on that 6% to 7%. And thats the  what were seeing is, and if you look at it over the last probably, 12 to 18 months, were stepping up capital on an incremental basis. So understanding that the demand is there so that we can feed into it pretty quickly. So all of the capital expansions are tied into demands that we can see coming from customers over the 2022, 2023 time horizon.
Derik DeBruin: Great. And can you talk a little bit more about being able to pass on for pricing raw materials? Just were getting a lot of questions from clients on those topics across the board, but wed love to hear you sort of elaborate more on the supply chain and pricing dynamics?
Eric Green: Yes, so weve been passing on cost increases to customers again throughout 2020 and 2021, particularly on phrase, as freight charges and logistical charges increased, we were able to pass those on to many of our customers on components, specific components where we have seen price increases, both within contract manufacturing and in our proprietary business, we have been passing those on to our customers. And obviously, keeping them in the loop as to whats happening, but what are driving these price increases that were passing on. And also as we look out into 2022, we have various mechanisms in place to enable us to pass on many of these increases and it depends on what the relationship with the customer, whether its contracted business or not, but in the various sectors, we have various tools that we employ. So were able to  we dont have to absorb the majority of those inflationary costs. And then also were working on the other side to make sure that were getting leaner and more efficient and to make sure that we can deal with those from that angle as well. So theres a multifaceted approach.
Derik DeBruin: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Knight with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Paul Knight: When you look and when you plan this CapEx and look at future demand, is it emanating from fill and finish customers, or is it emanating from the therapeutic programs that are in like stability trials? How do you pinpoint what this demand may look like in even 2023 and outer?
Eric Green: Yes, Paul, the driver of the demand expansion or the demand increase that were seeing in requiring capacity expansion is really driven by the therapeutic companies directly with the drug customers, not the fill and finish. So as you know, its a whole ecosystem and we know where we play, but our interactions are directly with the drug customers. Whats also exciting is to see is that its not just concentrated one area, i.e. biologics. Its also, were starting to see pick up in small molecules also which is good for our long-term franchise, but yes, absolutely the drug customers.
Paul Knight: And then as you look at your capacity expansion, are you having to  is it 12 to 18 months with customer validation? And are you running into challenges that Im guessing some of these are even Greenfield sites, so will you have to stretch out that, what is the duration of a build to actual produce revenue timeline?
Eric Green: Yes, Paul, whats fascinating about  whats actually quite exciting is that a few years ago we made the strategic decision to start creating centers of excellence and started to consolidate our manufacturing into particular sites throughout the world and became more effective through in systems, working with our customers, through our quality systems, also in processes to create more of an operating network. So the short answer to your questions, this is not greenfield. A lot of the investments were making right now are physical equipment, process expansions, maybe moving some modular approach in some sites. Youve been to Waterford, well be looking at maybe expanding that site with another modular addition on the side, but it is leveraging existing facilities. When you add it all up, it really comes down to how fast we can have the equipment manufactured, delivered, installed, and gone through validation since a lot of the equipment is replicating whats in place already. The validation process with customers is very short, so we could have some expansion proved up and running less than just in a couple quarters. Some other expansions might take four or five quarters to get up and running.
Bernard Birkett: Yes, Paul, as soon as the equipment hits the production floor and is validated, its operational. So we have demand to feed into its straight away so that the payback on the capital is pretty quick for us at this point. And again, thats why we were doing this phased approach so we can manage it appropriately.
Paul Knight: Okay. Thank you.
Eric Green: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Dave Windley from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Dave Windley: Great, I wanted to ask a few, first one is whether or not your views on your COVID revenue for the full year change with the results that you posted in third quarter. Is it still $430 million?
Eric Green: $450 million.
Dave Windley: $450 million okay.
Eric Green: We called out.
Dave Windley: Okay. Sorry. I missed that. On innovation Eric, the CZ was a topic of a conversation really dating back to before your tenure got quiet for a while and I hear you calling it out. Again, I guess, Im interested in, maybe some color around the drivers of that. Did the company  has the company kind of enhanced the material or work through some developmental bottlenecks with clients thats allowed that to kind of break free on a renewed basis?
Eric Green: Yes, Dave, if you think about the device portfolio, lets just call it roughly 5% of West on the proprietary side. So 5% of the business, CZ is the largest portion of that. And what were seeing is the reality is were continuously optimizing the product and coming out with new line extensions, however its taken while to see the market and gain confidence and traction, but once it starts becoming quite common use for the high end biologics, were seeing that acceleration. So in particular with the insert needle syringes that we have been producing in Arizona, were actually at the stage of doubling capacity by the end of this year. And thats what was referenced. So when you think about the growth, which is above the company average, significantly above the company average, we do see through the number of approvals of drugs in the market. Plus whats in the pipeline thats being reviewed as we speak that this is an exciting area, but it has taken time. Youre right. Dave, its been  this has been discussed for a number of years, but now its becoming more noticeable in our growth numbers, particularly around devices.
Dave Windley: And then sticking with innovation, in previous commentary, youve talked about, hey, NovaPure is not the end of the road. Were not done with NovaPure. We want to continue to innovate, any comments on that front is NovaPure Prime in the offing at any time in the near future?
Eric Green: Well, I dont know if I can use that now, because Ill have to notate you. I will say stay tuned, I got to be careful in that category, but I will tell you that whats really exciting is that the teams that weve put together, particularly with the market led approach, were getting better insights on where we are headed on what products are being pulled by our customers and what problems were trying to solve. I know earlier, we just briefly mentioned a new digital tool and that actually was DeltaCube that was actually derived from conversations with our customers. Wouldnt it be great if we could do this? So stay tuned on that question. We are constantly developing and but be assured though there will be products that are being pulled by our customers today.
Dave Windley: Got it. Last question for me is around capital deployment. Youve talked at times about being interested in acquisitions. I can imagine that maybe finding what you wanted at attractive prices might be a little hard in this market. Raise the dividend, but not by much. Is there any appetite given of growing cash on the balance sheet to say, make the dividend more substantial or are you holding it back for acquisitions? Whats your thought around cash?
Eric Green: Well, I would say the first priority, Dave, and particularly in the environment that were in today is to continue to feel the very robust organic growth that we have in our hands and that were dealing with. Its a great problem to solve, right. And so were going to continue to invest in our own infrastructure. What Im excited about is that its a really short payback and its expanding current portfolio. We do think theres opportunities on the M&A front and were continuously building that capability out here. But our primary focus Ill tell you is laser focus on execution. But were opening up our discussions broader than that today.
Dave Windley: Thank you.
Eric Green: Thanks Dave.
Operator: Im showing no further questions at this time. Id like to turn the call back over to Quintin Lai for closing remarks.
Quintin Lai: Thanks, Amanda. And thank you for joining us on todays conference call. An online archive of the broadcast will be available on our website at westpharma.com in the Investors section. Additionally, you can access a replay through Thursday, November 4th, by using the dial-in numbers and conference ID provided at the end of todays earning release. This concludes todays call. Have a nice day.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude todays conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-29 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the West Pharmaceutical Services Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session.  Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.  I would now like to hand the conference over to Quintin Lai, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Quintin Lai: Thank you, Erica. Good morning, and welcome to West's second quarter 2021 conference call. We issued our financial results this morning, and the release has been posted in the Investors section on the Company's website located at westpharma.com.
Eric Green: Thank you, Quintin, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Starting on Slide 5, I am pleased to report that we delivered another solid quarter of growth. This was driven by strong organic sales in both our base business and the accelerating demand for products associated with COVID-19. Our high-value products, coupled with productivity gains, continue to feel expanding gross and operating margins. Together, this has resulted in significant EPS growth for the second quarter. The strong performance demonstrates the criticality of our business as the market leader in primary packaging of injectable drugs and is a testament to the foundation we have built over time with our market-led strategy, globalization of our manufacturing network and our One West team approach, which is bringing meaningful benefits to our customers to support patient health. We continue to manage through the challenges of the pandemic with focus on our key priorities of team member safety and ensuring uninterrupted supply of high-quality containment and delivery devices. I am proud of our team across the globe for their dedication to customers, patients and most importantly, to each other as we have met the demands of our business.
Bernard Birkett: Thank you, Eric, and good morning. Let's review the numbers in more detail. We'll first look at Q2 2021 revenues and profits where we saw continued strong sales and EPS growth, led by strong revenue performance, primarily in our biologics and pharma market units. I will take you through the margin growth we saw in the quarter as well as some balance sheet takeaways. And finally, we will provide an update to our 2021 guidance. First up, Q2. Our financial results are summarized on Slide 8, and the reconciliation of non-US GAAP measures are described in Slides 16 to 20. We recorded net sales of $723.6 million, representing organic sales growth of 30.6%. COVID net related revenues are estimated to have been approximately $117 million in the quarter. These net revenues include our assessment of components associated with vaccines, treatment and diagnosis of COVID-19 patients, offset by lower sales to customers affected by lower volumes due to the pandemic.
Eric Green: Thank you, Bernard. Summarized on Slide 14. Our mission to improve patient lives drives our passion to provide leading-edge, primary containment and delivery technology for our customers. Our market-led strategy is delivering as evident in our leading participation rate in new approvals and our role in support of COVID-19. Our global operations team is executing with the efficiencies and improvements in service and quality to meet increased demand, and we're continuing to accelerate capital spending across our operations to meet current and anticipated future growth. In summary, the first half of the year has been exceptional. We remain well positioned with the strength of our core business and are confident in the long-term horizon of continued organic sales growth and margin expansion. We are proud to be the trusted partner for our customers across the globe and ensure the safe delivery of treatments to patients. Erica, we're ready to take questions. Thank you.
Operator:  Your first question comes from the line of Paul Knight with KeyBanc.
Paul Knight: What's your view on COVID vaccine demand in the year 2022? And is the technical requirements on containment as high as other high-value products?
Eric Green: Yes, Paul, good morning, and thanks for joining. Yes, we have good visibility into 2022, and some of the recent comments regarding capital expansion is driven - a portion of that is driven by future demand. What you're seeing with our portfolio of the chosen configuration for a lot of these file configurations, sorry, is our NovaPure or FluroTec solution. So it tends to be mid to the higher end of our HVPs. There is - obviously, we're in discussion with customers as they are determining if there's going to be less dose per vial or move towards a prefilled syringe and also the conversation around potential boosters. So there is many still moving parts, but when you think about the next 12, 18, 24 months, we have a clear visibility of what we need to deliver to support the demand on hand.
Paul Knight: And secondly, if you look in the - you, obviously, with your stability trials have a look into other biologics. Would it be fair to say, we continue to see acceleration in potential biologic approvals?
Eric Green: Yes. What's exciting there is that not only the pipeline is rich, if you think about the more recent approvals that have been granted around the biologics or biosimilars, our participation remains extremely high. And the other indicator that gives us great confidence is, we start thinking about our confirmed order book. If you think about the incremental, which is significantly up, it's really broken in different areas, the biologics leading the charge for the majority of that, and it's around HVP. So we're quite confident of the future growth of the pipeline.
Operator: Your next question is from Juan Avendano with Bank of America.
Juan Avendano: My first question is, given the COVID revenue that is embedded in your guidance, and we know that about more than 3.5 billion doses have been administered - vaccine doses year to date. It seems - and also knowing what the ASPs are for the packaging components, it might seem like the NovaPure mix perhaps is higher than or is greater than a majority by FluroTec. Would you agree with that notion or not? And also on the COVID therapeutics, are you seeing more NovaPure than FluroTec?
Eric Green: Yes. So what we're seeing - Juan, thanks for the question. So if you think about the COVID solutions that we're providing, from a unit perspective, FluroTec is actually much higher than the NovaPure, but we're seeing good growth in that area. But if you think about the new therapeutics that have been approved or in process through approval, it tends to be more towards the NovaPure. But when you translate from a revenue perspective, yes, NovaPure is becoming one of our top drivers of growth in our Proprietary business.
Juan Avendano: Thank you. Yes. That's the way the math seems to point. Okay. My second question is, can you talk about the ordering patterns that you're seeing from customers? Some biopackaging tools companies such as Sartorius have noted that they're seeing customers place orders further in advance. And so are you seeing the same dynamic? And are you concerned at all that this might create a demand gap sometime in the future when business trends normalize?
Eric Green: So Juan, one of the major pushes that we've had in the last couple of years is really the visibility into our customers' supply chain, and we've done a really good job leveraging some of our digital tools we deployed here within West. That gives us confidence that the demand that we are seeing is more in line with the demand of the pull within the marketplace. So said differently is, yes, we're seeing more confirmed orders that are further out, but that also - we're also seeing that the increase on the number of orders more near term is also increasing. So the confirmed order book has grown significantly, but the combination of more longer-term visibility, but also pure organic growth more near term.
Juan Avendano: Thanks. And my last one before I get back in the queue. You alluded to this in the previous questions, but I mean, would you feel at this point as customers and sponsors are evaluating, the potential migration to a COVID packaging configuration that is smaller. Fewer dose vials or even prefilled syringes, do you think that, that change is more imminent now than in the last quarter? How are those thoughts going and how feasible is that to happen?
Eric Green: Yes, that's still pending, but we're having these discussions with the customers. And it does require us to prepare in advance in the event that these transitions do occur. As you rightly said, if it remains within the vial configuration, we're very well positioned in that to be able to support the growth of NovaPure and FluroTec, if it transfers into a prefilled string around our plunger solutions. That's where we're also investing to make sure that we are ahead of the curve. So it is - it's ongoing discussions, Juan, and that will be yet to be determined at this time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Solow with CJS Securities.
Larry Solow: Congrats on a very great quarter actually. Just a couple of questions. Can you just help us sort of parse out on the gross margin, really impressive on the Proprietary side, close to 50%. As you mentioned, I think drilled 350 basis point improvement year-over-year totally. But if we just look sequentially, I'm just trying to sort of bridge the - you did 46% in Q1, and I think that had like a $12 million benefit from some canceled orders. So just sequentially, if we adjust for that, your gross margin was up like 500 bps on a little bit - just on Proprietary side. And I know sales were a little bit higher. COVID sales - related sales were a little bit higher, but I think my math is right. And is there anything sort of unusual in there that drove that 500 basis point sequential increase?
Eric Green: It's not that it's unusual. What we're seeing is with product mix, we're seeing a strong pickup in gross margin. So it's just obviously the profile of the products that are being sold around FluroTec and NovaPure. And what we're also seeing is improved levels of productivity in our plants. And as you can tell that last year, we started to move to a 24/7 mode of operation within certain of our plants to increase production. And we have been able to generate a lot of efficiencies and increased levels of productivity as we went through the early part of the year, particularly into Q2 as we got more streamlined in some of the products that we were producing to support COVID. So it was really working on a couple of different elements. So it's not just one driver, it's a number of - it's the mix plus the increased levels of productivity.
Larry Solow: Right. And I fully gather. Unusual, I meant maybe there was some like one - little one-time item, something that helped a little bit. Like last quarter, you had that $12 million supply grade credit. But it sounds like, no, right? It sounds like this is maybe not fully sustainable, but there's nothing really irregular. It's a lot of just the drivers of your growth for the last several years, right?
Eric Green: Well, once you start running, those larger levels of volume through as well, you're going to get efficiencies. And that's what we did see in Q2. And there was a small little increased levels of production towards the back end of Q2 as we were preparing for Q3 because we do have a level of seasonality in our business. And when we get into Q3, we have planned shutdowns and scheduled maintenance that needs to take place, and particularly, in our European plants. So we wanted to get a little bit ahead of that. So we did build up a small amount of inventory, but nothing overly material. And so as we move into Q3, people have to take that into account when you're looking at the margin for the next quarter that we do have that level of seasonality. Didn't really appear as much last year, but in previous years, we do see a little bit of drop there. But again, it's planned.
Larry Solow: Right. Okay. And not to split hairs, but a little bit of a - and this is - basically really gets lost in the shuffle, but on the contract manufacturing side, a little bit of a step back in margin, anything there unusual? I think we had thought that was going to sort of go the other way.
Eric Green: Yes. And we have seen it improve as we've gone through 2021, but there were some one-time benefits that we did pick up in Q2 2020, much of it around engineering revenues that we were able to recognize last year. And I think at that time, we called it out as well. So that's the only kind of anomaly there.
Larry Solow: Okay. How about on the CapEx outlook, it sounds like you certainly continue to pull things forward, which I think is a high-class problem and going to spend about - it sounds like close to $250 million this year. As we look out over the next couple of years, and I'm sure you still have further expansion opportunities and plans. Do you expect the CapEx, the absolute dollar number to sort of continue to grow? Or since you've pulled forward some, do you think this could sort of level off at least?
Eric Green: As a percentage of revenues, I would expect to see it level off and come back to close to that 6% to 7% of revenues. It may not be next year, but I think after that, we'll start to see us normalize.
Larry Solow: Okay. Just last question on the Daikyo. Obviously, you guys made a strategic investment - increased your investment a couple of years ago, and that certainly seems like the timing has turned out really well. And I think you put up like a $9 million number this quarter, and obviously, that reflects the strength of Daikyo's business as well. I know this number is a little bit volatile from quarter-to-quarter, but is that - I think run rate year-to-date were over $20 million. Any color on that or on the outlook there?
Eric Green: Yes. That's - that number just isn't Daikyo there, but there's another element, too. But they did have a very strong performance in Q2. I think in the first quarter, we were probably $5 million or $6 million on income from affiliates. And I would expect it over time to come down to that level. I don't think it's going to run at what we experienced in Q2, I think it will step back a little bit.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jacob Johnson with Stephens.
Jacob Johnson: Good morning. Maybe first, just a follow-up on something you alluded to, Eric, on Juan's last question. If we do go to smaller dose formats, I think the product you're manufacturing is a bit smaller. Is there any downtime associated with switching over to a smaller format? Or is this something that's a pretty seamless process that it sounds like you're already preparing for?
Eric Green: Yes, it's a seamless process. We're just - obviously, we had to change some of the manufacturing equipment, the molds and so forth, but the process and facilities and our team members that are involved making these products are all consistent. So it's a pretty quick transition.
Jacob Johnson: Got it. Thanks for that, Eric. And then just on high-value products. Obviously, a lot of mix shift towards those with the COVID-related work. But I guess if we look at that portfolio ex-COVID, are you seeing high-value product mix ex-COVID? It sounds like there's a lot of reasons you're excited about what's going on in biologics, but just curious on that.
Eric Green: Yes. You got my excitement, Jacob. Absolutely. So if you think about our - you go back to that confirmed order book that's one indicator for us is the mix of incremental within that portfolio is evenly distributed. When you think about between COVID new drug launches that I kind of mentioned that we're continuing to have a very high participation rate of new approvals and then the growth of the core business. And we even cut it a little bit further, over half or majority, call it, over half of it is in the biologics space. And the portfolio itself is all towards the high end of HVP. So you can see the momentum that is gaining. And when you think about the capital investments we're making because of the biologics growth and some of the small molecule new entrants, these tranches that we spoke of a reference, it is really - it is all around HVP when you think about FluroTec, NovaPure in existing facilities. So it's very high growth, I guess, in the HVP, and we expect that to continue on. I just want to preference the number of units that we are producing in HVP still is, let's call it, below 25% of our Proprietary portfolio. So we have a long runway ahead of us to continue this momentum with our HVP portfolio.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of John Kreger with William Blair.
John Kreger: Eric, you said you've got a great order book and it's getting longer. Do you have a decent picture yet about whether COVID-related work will be larger for you or smaller in '23 compared to '22?
Eric Green: That's a little bit too far out. We have good conversations that are ongoing. And as you know, investments we need to make are six to 12, maybe sometimes 18 months, in advance. So we do have some visibility, but it's too premature to mention that as we speak.
John Kreger: Okay. Sounds good. And then a non-COVID demand question for you. Have you been able to satisfy all that demand at this point? Or have you had to defer any of those orders as you prioritize work relating to the pandemic?
Eric Green: Yes. We're meeting our customers' demands so that we may have to work with a few customers here and there to make sure that we're scheduling their orders based on the commitments, but we're meeting all our customer commitments as we speak, and we will continue to do so. One of the release files that we've been able to observe in the last several - couple of quarters is the installed validated capacity that is going online. So if you think about some of the constraints that we may have had historically around HVP, those are being relieved as we speak. So - but the bottom line is that we are meeting our customer commitments.
John Kreger: Sounds good. And then one last one. Could you give us an update on Crystal Zenith. I think last quarter, you talked about some new commercial lines coming online in Arizona. Just give us a sense of where that stands now? And what are the type of products that are driving demand for that newer category?
Eric Green: Yes. Really, it's all around the biologics space. So it's around the prefilled strange. We had - as you mentioned, we had a line that went on that's up and running this quarter. It's a CZ, one - it's insert needle, prefilled syringe line. We have another line that is starting installation later this year with the focus having delivered before the end of the year. So it's a significant step-up for us around the CZ portfolio, particularly on prefilled syringes. In addition to that, we are working with our partner Daikyo as they are continuously expanding their capacity capabilities around CZ out of Japan to support with other configurations like Luer Lock such as vials configurations. So I'm pleased with the progress we're making, but there's more to come.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dave Windley with Jefferies.
Dave Windley: A very nice quarter and thanks for the updates and thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to start around productivity. You touched on this a time or two, Eric. The - and it seemed intuitive to me and you confirm that as your volumes in some of these higher - call it, higher tier, high-value products have gotten to some level of critical mass that you would get some scale on that. I guess I'm wondering if you'd be willing to put, say, some rough percentage numbers on - like have margins on a like-for-like basis improved by a material amount. Would you be willing to put numbers on that?
Eric Green: Well, let me qualify and then I'll look to Bernard to quantify that. But you're - Dave, you're right. What's happening is that we're getting meaningful volumes over the last few quarters on the higher end of the HVP. And there's a - it's been driven by the biologics and a few small molecules. So it is a lot easier for our plants to run longer lot units in our facilities, and we're seeing that translate into better margins with those parts of the portfolio. And that - we believe that will continue because we're leveraging existing footprint. We are installing additional capacity, that's correct, but the payback is much shorter and all this is translating in better outcomes of NovaPure and also parts of FluroTec. So I don't know, Bernard, if you want to add any comments to that.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. I would say, it's still - the vast majority of the margin expansion that we're seeing is coming from mix, but it is being supported by improvements in productivity and efficiencies. Now we did see a big spike in Q2, a big lift there. But as I said, when we move into Q3 because there are fewer production days, that's - the level of absorption in Q3 will be a little bit less. So I don't believe you're going to see as much margin expansion in Q3, and we typically see the most margin expansion in Q2 as we're running higher levels and the quarter is actually longer for us, but it's still primarily driven by mix. And I would probably think 10%, 20% of the benefit is probably coming from efficiencies of productivity.
Dave Windley: Helpful. And specifically on that, beyond the crush of the pandemic, would you expect to continue to run plants three shifts a day, seven days a week into the foreseeable future? Or is that a treadmill that's kind of running unsustainably fast?
Bernard Birkett: Well, based on the current demand we have outside of COVID, which is higher than our typical run rates, we are going to need to continue to run our plants accordingly so we can level load them. So I would say, in many cases, we will be continuing to run the 24/7. And the demand of new molecules are being approved and also our current base business would expect that. We think about the growth of our business today, yes, COVID has been a major impact to that, but the core is still growing around the double-digit range. So it's a very strong, robust foundation that we're working off of.
Dave Windley: And the CapEx that you've mentioned and you've talked about within existing plants, and you - I think you named a few relative to projects that are either in flight or already completed. Is - Waterford when the company built it was highlighted for its kind of flexibility and modularity. Is that a target of a lot of this expansion? Or is it not exclusively water - is it more balanced across the world than that?
Bernard Birkett: It's balanced across the world, but I would tell you that Waterford - if you visited Waterford two years ago, you would not recognize it. It has significantly increased throughput. Additional capital has been put into Waterford. We increased the number of team members in that site significantly. So yes, these investments we're making because we really create this network around HVP in multiple sites. So we are not dependent on a site, but we've raised the volume level quite significant in Waterford. And we intend to continue to do so because it's been designed exactly what you've articulated. It's a modular approach, we can keep on adding to it, the infrastructure and continue to put more volume through that. But I want to be clear, though, we still have that capability in Kinston. We're expanding Singapore. We have additional capabilities in other locations like Kovin and Eschweiler. So it's not just one site of investment, it's multiple sites, but heavily weighted towards Waterford.
Dave Windley: Got it. Okay.
Bernard Birkett: We visited Waterford a couple of weeks ago, and it was my first time there in about two years, and the level of activity in that plants compared to where it was two years ago, it's just transformational as to what's happening there and how we've been able to leverage that. And that's really helped us in our response to COVID and also the core growth, but it's - it does kind of highlight to us that we have to have some of this infrastructure in place before we actually believe we need it. So - but I think, as you said that it is on a modular basis, it allows us to expand much faster in the future than we would have done in the past. And I think, as Eric said, that's the same for Kinston and Singapore sites as well.
Dave Windley: Last one for me. Hoping to draw out a specific number again. Last couple of quarters on your high-value products, you've used the phrase or the terminology over 70%. And I'm wondering, does that mean 70.5% over or 75% over or 80% over? Like it seems like the growth is so strong that it could be moving percentage points above 70%. I just wanted to get a more specific number if you'll give it. Thanks.
Bernard Birkett: No, I won't give it. Yes. I think it gives enough color and also the trend is the important thing there as we can see significant improvement in that number quarter-over-quarter. And it is forecast to continue to improve based on the demand that we're seeing, particularly around the biologics segment.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back over to you, Mr. Lai for closing remarks.
Quintin Lai: Thanks, Erica, and thank you for joining us on today's conference call. An online archive of the broadcast will be available on our website at westpharma.com in the Investors section. Additionally, you may access a replay through Thursday, August 5, by using the dial-in numbers and the conference ID provided by the - at the end of today's earnings release. That concludes the call for today. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-30 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Q1 2021 West Pharmaceutical Services Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker's presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session.  Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.  I would now like to hand today's conference over to your speaker Quintin Lai, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Quintin Lai: Thank you, Stephanie. Good morning and welcome to West's first quarter 2021 conference call. We issued our financial results this morning, and the release has been posted in the Investors section on the company's website located at westpharma.com.
Eric Green: Great. Thank you, Quintin, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Starting on slide 5. I am pleased to report that we had an exceptional first quarter. This was driven by strong organic sales growth in both our base business and the accelerating demand for products associated with COVID-19. Our high-value products continue to fuel increased gross and operating margins. Together this has resulted in record EPS for the first quarter. The strength of our performance is demonstrated in our ability to execute the market-led strategy, leverage the power of our global manufacturing network and rally as a one West team to meet the increased market demand. I am proud of how our team members have focused on our priorities and emphasize the importance of our purpose and values during these times. Turning to slide 6. We have highlighted the key drivers of growth in Q1. We continue to see strong uptake of HVP components, including Westar, FluroTec, Envision and NovaPure offerings as well as Daikyo's Crystal Zenith.
Bernard Birkett: Thank you Eric, and good morning. Let's review the numbers in more detail. We'll first look at Q1 2021 revenues and profits where we saw continued strong sales and EPS growth led by strong revenue performance primarily in our biologics pharma and generic market units. I will take you through the margin growth we saw in the quarter as well as some balance sheet takeaways. And finally, we will provide an update to our 2021 guidance. First up Q1. Our financial results are summarized on slide 9 and the reconciliation of non-US GAAP measures are described in slides 17 to 20. We recorded net sales of $670.7 million, representing organic sales growth of 31.1%. COVID-related net revenues are estimated to have been approximately $102.9 million in the quarter. These net revenues include our assessment of components associated with vaccines, treatment and diagnosis of COVID-19 patients offset by lower sales to customers affected by lower volumes due to the pandemic.
Eric Green:
Operator: Thank you.  And your first question is from the line of Juan Avendano of Bank of America.
Juan Avendano: Hi, hello good morning. Congratulations on the quarter. I guess my first question was
Eric Green: Thank you Juan.
Juan Avendano: Thank you. My first question was as we think about the pediatric and then potentially the booster opportunity one of the most significant comments that you made on the call, which confirms one of our ideas was the ratio of packaging components to dosages perhaps being a little bit more on one-to-one than versus the initial roll out. And so can you elaborate on the visibility on perhaps -- that you have on the packaging configuration for boosters in the future and how you see that opportunity evolving?
Eric Green: Yeah. Juan you're absolutely correct when you state that there's -- we're in discussions with our customers as they look at the various forms of delivery. And there is a -- obviously we're involved with discussions about smaller units of doses per vial and/or moving towards the prefilled syringe, which in our business that would have an impact on the volume that we would produce and support our customers, hence the -- some of the investments that we're currently making. The second thing I'll -- and that will evolve Juan over the -- if you think about over the next several quarters is there's a lot -- there's still a lot of moving parts. I think secondarily to that we do have visibility of demand around the vaccines that's pushing into the 2022 time line. So we feel really good about where we are, but we know that we need to continue to see -- pivot if necessary as the number of doses per unit changes because it will require a slightly different product configuration.
Juan Avendano: Thanks. I appreciate that. And how would you characterize the inventory management trends across your COVID-19 vaccine customers specifically. Do you have any concerns about customers stocking up on inventory of packaging components any pull-forwards that you see, or would you say that your current sales are pretty well-aligned with the pace of vaccine distribution?
Eric Green: Yes. Juan, within the vaccine distribution our pace is well in line. In fact, we are engaged with the companies that have vaccines in the market, but also the firms that are working on development of gaining the approvals to be into the market shortly and those are on a regular basis, so we can stage our demand whether it's weekly or monthly as we go forward. But, I'm pleased on the team's response and we're able to keep up with the demand where we sit today.
Juan Avendano: All right. Thank you. Ill get back in the queue. Ill leave it there for now. Appreciate, you come back again.
Eric Green: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Paul Knight with KeyBanc. Paul, your line is open. If you mute, please unmute.
Paul Knight: Hi. Can you hear me?
Eric Green: Yes. Hi, Paul.
Paul Knight: Hey. How are you? Question on -- are you seeing orders on COVID-related products into 2022 yet? I mean what's their duration they want to look into at this point, Eric?
Eric Green: Yes. Paul, when we look at our order book, roughly one-third of it is COVID-related and it is extended into 2022. So obviously of what we're doing today, but the visibility we have is going into the following year.
Paul Knight: Okay. And then, how are you running on capacity at facilities globally? Are you hitting any ceilings yet, Eric?
Eric Green: Well, that's -- we are -- in certain areas, we're getting close to that capacity level. Obviously, as you know, we're running 24/7 multiple facilities, particularly around our high-value products. However, we're layering in various capital investments. The first wave is -- will be completed in the next number of months. And that is -- gives us significant lift around our HPP, and we have another wave coming in over the next six to 12 months. So, we're keeping up but it does require the installation, validation and moving to commercial production immediately with this new equipment we have online.
Paul Knight: And then lastly, on the core biologics demand, ex COVID, obviously seems to be accelerating. Could you talk to that and what your outlook is there?
Eric Green: Well, that's an area of excitement. I mean obviously a lot of areas within our company. But in the biologics area, it's a combination of two things. One is the number of new molecular entities being approved and our participation rate continues to be very, very strong. And I'm pleased on how our teams are responding and supporting our customers, particularly in this time of -- during the pandemic. Also we're starting to see a -- the volume increase on a number of the biologics that have been recently introduced in the marketplace ramping up, and therefore, the volume component on existing molecules in the marketplace, we're seeing additional growth there. One last comment I'll add, just because we're seeing really good strong growth in biosimilars in our Asia Pacific region. So it's a combination of multiple aspects, Paul. And this is a very bright spot for us outside of the COVID conversation of our core base business.
Paul Knight: Great. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of John Kreger with William Blair. John, your line is open. If you mute, please unmute. John, your line is open.
Eric Green: Good morning, John, you there? No.
Operator: Well move to the next question. Our next question is from the line of Jacob Johnson with Stephens.
Jacob Johnson: Hey. Good morning, guys. Congrats on the quarter. I guess my first question is just on guidance. If I annualize your first quarter revenues, I get to something above your guidance for the year. What puts or takes could there be in the future quarters that would result in revenues being below this first quarter or maybe more simply just any seasonality you'd call out this year as we think about modeling?
Bernard Birkett: Yes. So we called out in the prepared comments there was a one-timer in there approximately -- just close to about $12 million, which related to some cancellations that we had in there. And that was a one-time fee that we were able to recognize. So, that -- and that was primarily around COVID. So you got to back that out, when you're putting the run rate together. And I think that gets you pretty close to our guidance.
Jacob Johnson: Got it. That makes sense, Bernard. Thank you. And then, a question, it seems like a lot of these COVID vaccines are using FluroTec or NovaPure. Is the decision there just based on customer preference, or are there any particular types of vaccines that require NovaPure versus FluroTec?
Eric Green: Yes, the types of vaccines that are in the market right now do require that barrier coat which is -- which we and our partner Daikyo, are very well known for in the industry with the -- what we call the FluroTec, so fluoropolymer barrier. And that -- so that has become the standard in the industry. And therefore, we're seeing that adoption obviously with the types of vaccines that are in the marketplace and/or the ones that are being developed as we speak. In some cases, we're leveraging our NovaPure offering, because our customers want that assurance of the highest quality product in the marketplace. So those are the key drivers of that decision. It's around the science and the technology than anything else.
Jacob Johnson: Got it. Thanks for taking the questions. Ill leave it there.
Eric Green: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line Dave Windley with Jefferies.
Dave Windley: Hi. Good morning. More than thank you for the work you're doing -- your organization is doing to get vaccines in arms, on more recipient. And Eric, congrats on the ESG focus that you've put on we noticed in our work that you're very, very highly rated in ESG, despite what I would think would be some business model headwinds to overcome in that regard, so congrats on that. My question is around your HVP, I appreciate you guys always give the market unit growth. It makes me smile to hear, Bernard emphasize strong double-digits in the context of a 30% top line growth. I suspect it, it's very strong. I wondered -- I may strike out on this, but I wondered if you guys would be willing to give maybe a little bit more precision about what strong double-digits means. Again, with 30% top line growth, could be a three-handle, four-handle, five-handle, I'm just wondering if you might give us a little bit more precision about where those growth numbers are landing by market unit?
Eric Green: Yeah. I'll start Dave, if you don't mind. And then -- so first of all, thanks for the comments. It takes the entire organization value behind the ESG. But that's part of the DNA of West for many, many years. In regards to HVP, you're absolutely correct, majority of the incremental growth that we're experiencing here at West, particularly in the last quarters, but as we look forward is within the HVP portfolio. We tried to highlight that, we're excited and encouraged by the uptake of the higher end of that range. And as you know has a more attractive economic profile for West. And not to say, it has a phenomenal performance for our customers, from a value proposition. But we're seeing over -- about over two-thirds of our growth coming in the high-end of our HVP. And so if you can kind of think about -- do the math from there you get to that number you referenced of 30%. It's a very, very strong growth. In the walls of West, we don't really talk about the percentages in these two lines like, NovaPure. We talk about the number of units and how can you double or triple that portfolio, in a very short period of time. So, it's about as much context I can give on this. Bernard, if you have any...
Bernard Birkett: Yeah. I'd rather keep it the way, we've been reporting today, but you can produce that a lot of -- we're seeing a lot of strong growth in biologics. And biologics is primarily high-value growth product. And -- but we're also seeing this in generics and pharma, but not to the same extent, but primarily all of biologics is high-value product growth.
Dave Windley: Got it. So maybe that was a foul ball. I didn't completely miss the ball. But In terms of your  Eric, your commentary on the high-end, just to be specific, you're talking NovaPure the very highest one, or are you talking about a couple?
Eric Green: I'm talking about -- that's a good point, Dave. So I'm talking about from FluroTec vision all the way
Dave Windley: Okay.
Eric Green:  up to NovaPure.
Dave Windley: Got it, got it. And then, maybe another way to come at this is on the margin front. So going back years, we've talked about high value, as an overall bucket being -- generating gross margins probably north of 50% versus standard maybe 30% or lower. Would you be willing to comment on, kind of the overall gross margin in high value and how that evolves as the product demand moves up into the higher-end of your high-value product portfolio?
Bernard Birkett: Yeah. So going back to your last comment as well, if you look at where we're investing and where a lot of our CapEx -- the incremental CapEx is going. It's going to products like around FluroTec and NovaPure. So it is tracking to the higher end of high-value products and to support that. And that -- now you're starting to see that come through. And you can even see it in the margin expansion that we experienced here in Q1 with proprietary, I think over 40% gross margin, that's probably for the first time, that we've seen that, it helps a little bit by that one-timer. And that we called out on those COVID-related agreements that we had to account for. But you're getting north of 50% on the margins now. And it -- as we progress, based on the investments that we've made and the growth that we see that that should continue. This all feeds into the long-term construct that we've rolled out there. And that's why we continue to have confidence in that that, we are able to continuously expand gross margins and operating margins and all of this feeds in. So that has been part of the narrative for a long-time. And now, you're seeing it come to fruition on a continuous -- on a more sustainable basis, Stephanie, go ahead.
Dave Windley: Thank you. I will drop back in queue again. But thanks for the answers. I appreciate it.
Bernard Birkett: Thanks, Dave.
Operator: And at this time, we have no further questions. I'll turn the call back over to Quintin.
Quintin Lai: Thank you, Stephanie. And we apologize to John Kreger at William Blair for his technical -- having technical issues. And we'll sort that out later. Thank you for joining us on today's conference call. An online archive of the broadcast will be available on our website at westpharma.com, in the Investors section. Additionally, you may access a replay through Thursday, May 6 by using the dial-in numbers and conference ID provided at the end of, today's earnings release. That concludes this call. Have a nice day.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-18 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2020 West Pharmaceutical Services Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker's presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session.  Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.  I'd now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today Mr. Quintin Lai, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Quintin Lai: Thank you, Catherine. Good morning and welcome to West's fourth quarter and full year 2020 conference call. We issued our financial results this morning, and the release has been posted in the Investors section on the company's website located at westpharma.com. This morning CEO, Eric Green; and CFO, Bernard Birkett, will review our financial results, provide an update on our business and present our financial outlook for the full year of 2020. There is a slide presentation that accompanies today's call and a copy of that presentation is available on the Investors section of our website.
Eric Green: Thank you, Quintin, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. West had an extraordinary year of success in the face of the biggest healthcare challenge of our generation, a record-setting year of sales and margins were driven by the base business demand of our components, devices and solutions as well as the accelerating demand for components associated with COVID-19 vaccines and therapeutics. This was accomplished by our dedicated team that was across the globe working tirelessly to show up each day at our facilities, our lab and remotely at their homes to make a meaningful difference to customers and patients. I want to begin by acknowledging these incredible effort and say thank you. Starting on Slide five of the presentation, the past year has truly brought to light the importance of our mission and values that guides our work each day at West. We remain steadfast in our purpose to serve society and lead by example for the communities in which we live and work. Importantly, we continue to manage through these unprecedented times by focus on two key priorities; one, keeping our team members safe and two, ensuring uninterrupted supply of high quality containment and delivery devices required by our customers and the patients we jointly serve. The criticality of our business today is shown in the character and the perseverance of our team members to deliver on our commitments as a trusted partner for our customers. The strength of our performance this past quarter and throughout 2020 demonstrates the forward momentum that we have built over time with our market-led strategy, globalization of our manufacturing network and one West team approach to satisfy market demand.
Bernard Birkett: Thank you, Eric and good morning. Let's review the numbers in more detail. We'll first look at Q4 2020 revenues and profits where we saw continued strong sales and EPS growth and by strong revenue performance primarily in our biologics and generics market units and contract manufacturing. I will take you through the margin growth we saw in the quarter as well as some balance sheet takeaways and finally, we'll review our 2021 guidance. First up Q4, our financial results are summarized on Slide 11 and the reconciliation of non-US GAAP measures are described in Slide 20 to 23. We recorded net sales of $580 million representing organic sales growth of 19.8%. COVID-related net revenues are estimated to have been approximately $46 million in the quarter. These net revenues include our assessment of components associated with vaccines, treatment and diagnosis of COVID-19 patients offset by lower sales to customers affected by lower volume due to the pandemic. Looking at Slide 12, proprietary product sales grew organically by 25.1% in the quarter high-value products, which made up more than 65% of proprietary product sales in the quarter grew double digits and had solid momentum across all market units throughout Q4.
Eric Green: Great. Thank you, Bernard. To summarize on Slide 17, we have a critical role to support our customers as we work to resolve this global pandemic. The participation rate remains very high and our products are being used in this battle. We have strengths in the underlying core business and long-term growth. Our focus on execute, innovate and grow allows us to be more responsive to the changes in the industry. Our market-led strategy is delivering the right products and solutions to our customers. Our global operations network continues to flex and respond to increased demand and capacity requirements and our investments to fuel R&D innovation in digital technology will continue to keep us on the forefront of the industry. The future is promising, but most importantly, we remain grounded by our mission and values each day at West because every component has a patient's name on it. Catherine, we're ready to take questions. Thank you.
Operator:   Our first question comes from Larry Solow with CJS Securities. Your line is open.
Larry Solow: Great. Good morning, guys and congrats on great quarter and year in a tough environment and thanks for taking my questions as well. May be first question,, can you maybe just give us a little more color just on the COVID expectations I think did about $100 million of stake in 2020 maybe a little less, about $250 million or $260 million for this coming year. Can you just give us a breakout, is it -- are you seeing more on the vaccine side, you mentioned some customers are using, it sounds like most are using FluroTec on the vaccine side. Some are looking at NovaPure. Can you give us a higher level maybe just a mix and any color you can add to that will be great?
Eric Green: Thank you, Larry and I appreciate the question. When we started this journey I'd say in the end of Q1 early Q2 of 2020, the primary focus at that point from revenue was more around the diagnostics and a few therapeutics that are being approved for COVID-19 and if you look at the tail end of 2020, it started to flip more towards vaccines and as we move into 2021, you'll see most of -- going from as you said little less than $100 million of the revenues associated with COVID-19 in 2020, our guidance was $260 million approximately for 2021 majority of that will be vaccines related and our participation is very high and the types of solutions that we're bringing to the customers tend to be around FluroTec and in some cases the NovaPure in addition to products that it fills . So that's the transition that you'll see in the mix of type of revenues to support the COVID-19 solution and that aligns up very nicely to the investments we made with additional capital equipment and our facilities to support the increase in demand that we have visibility for several quarters ahead of us.
Larry Solow: Okay. And it sounds like I know you said you've accelerated, you talked to us for a couple of quarters, the investment into NovaPure and Westar and FluroTec. Is that the acceleration or the continued acceleration that looks like going into 2020 -- 2021, excuse me, is that sort of ahead of where you thought you might have been even a quarter ago in terms of the outlook for this year spending wise?
Eric Green: Well no, we were actually slightly ahead of schedule of implementation and the teams has done a phenomenal job working with their suppliers and being innovative and getting the materials into our sites or the equipment and then obviously the validation process. So they've been working literally around the clock as many companies are doing to get these lines up and running and validated, but the reality is that the new equipment we installed, we didnt have a lot of revenues associated to those in 2020 that started pickup in 2021. There is additional equipment that is scheduled in the first half of this year, which is on track and then also within line that we originally talked about prior to capital expenditures. So we're comfortable where we are and further conversation with customers gives us confidence that we're planning accordingly looking at current demand and potentially future demand.
Larry Solow: And it looks like the back of the envelop it's about 10% growth excluding like we take our COVID from 2020 and 2021 and I guess that's excluding the current benefit I guess that sort of puts you in line with your sort of 6% to 8% organic growth targets excluding the COVID related sales and that's about in the ballpark.
Bernard Birkett: That's correct Larry, so we still see a lot of strength within the core business and Eric kind of alluded to in his comments also, he felt that's throughout 2020 and we continue to see that as we move through 2021 and then you have the COVID vaccine on top of that.
Eric Green: You're in the ballpark there. So that continues to be pretty much in line with our long-term construct.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Juan Avendano with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Juan Avendano: Thank you and congrats on the quarter. According to my calculations or a mix there was any customer reclassifications among the customer segments, generics grew about 42% year-over-year and I'd suppose that all of this non-COVID related. Can you confirm with me whether or not this is correct and what drove this significant step up?
Eric Green: Generics was I think high single-digits already double-digits, some are already getting 42%.
Juan Avendano: I'll check my math on that. And then can you give us an idea about the backlog of committed orders as of the end of 2020?
Eric Green: When we look at the backlog, I'll say that it's stronger than it was in prior-year and the mix of it is more towards the high-value products. The other aspect of the order book is that we're having great success with customers having longer visibility so that we have better opportunities to plan accordingly in our manufacturing processes. So yes, it's a stronger order book, the mix is more towards our high-value product components and we do have longer outlook and obviously on top of that, that's our core business on top of that, you have the vaccines in addition to visibility of what we are responded to over the next several quarters.
Juan Avendano: Thank you. And I guess that there has been some evolving changes that could happen on the COVID vaccine packaging configurations. Pfizer is now squeezing six doses out of this five dose vial and Moderna might be considering putting 14 doses and supposed to 10 by doing some configurations. Have you taken to accomplish potential changes in the packaging configuration in your COVID-19 revenue guidance?
Eric Green: That's all been taken into consideration with our guidance and so there is two ways of looking at it and it's great that we're able to get more doses per vial to build to respond globally as quickly as possible. Whereas you think about long-term there's obviously future opportunities as you think about moving down to single used vial and/or prefilled syringe which potentially could become a preferred solution long-term. So we take all that into consideration. We feel good about where we are with our capacity and our capabilities and also we're engaged with a dialogue about what does this look like long-term.
Juan Avendano: Thank you. And then before I get back into the queue, I guess on the contract manufactured products, do you plan to add capacity in 2021 and is there a chance for that segment not to actually deliver double-digit growth in 2021 unless you add capacity?
Eric Green: We've been talking about the growth in contract manufacturing for a while. We've seen that -- we'll gravitate towards mid-single-digit growth and it wouldn't be at the double-digit growth where we've seen over the last number years, just given the nature of that business. We continue to invest and it's part of our CapEx forecast for 2021 and there is a number of growth initiatives in that area and what we have been communicating that the growth rate will become more in line with our overall construct. And I think if you look at Q4, the Q4 number, the absolute dollars was pretty consistent throughout the year with contract manufacturing. It just came up against a really big comp in Q4. So the percentage growth rate looked a little bit lighter than the previous quarters. But from a dollar perspective it's pretty much in line with where we have expected to be and where we have communicated it will be, but we continue to invest in that part of our business.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Knight with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Paul Knight: Could you talk to I think Bernard, you mentioned that there is negative COVID effect. Could you qualify that and is it possible to even quantify how much headwind you had in your past results?
Bernard Birkett: We havent really broken it, but we're concentrating on given the net impact to our business, but it's really been in animals health and some in dental, which those two areas are within our Pharma market unit. That's where we feel some slowing down. It wasn't overly material for us and then I think there was some elective surgeries as well that will impact us, but nothing drastic that I would have to call out.
Paul Knight: Right and then Eric as you look at these capital expenditures, do you have flip trend that you can just turn around and done quickly or do you have to go from greenfield sites I guess ultimately, how quickly does this come online?
Eric Green: Very quickly, Paul. The work that has been done by the team over the last couple years for globalizing the operations and as you know we moved from 29 plants to 25 plants has enabled us to think about future growth, leverage our existing assets. So it's a very short turnaround. The longest part of the lead time is around getting the equipment built and then there's always validation process associated to that, but all these equipments being put into existing facilities.
Paul Knight: Okay. And then lastly, Eric you in your progress on your goal of extreme if I call it that from when you started, are you halfway there, are you full way there or what's your view on what you wanted to accomplish when you arrived?
Eric Green: There's a lot more to do Paul. I honestly believe we're in a very good position to leverage not just what we built today, but what we can do tomorrow for our customers. We're holding the conversations or beyond our current portfolio. We have more work to do on globalization of the enterprise. We have great opportunity to move towards more digital. I am extremely pleased on how the team implemented as for Hana during this pandemic in a virtual environment globally and that's a quite a test and that was done with our internal digital technology center out of our Bangalore site. So you hear by my tone that I think there is a lot of opportunity for us to really have a more meaningful impact on patients and they will support our customers as they move towards new innovative solutions and particularly around the biologic space.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jacob Johnson with Stephens. Your line is open.
Jacob Johnson: Maybe first following up on Paul's headwind question, as things hopefully reopen kind of falling the vaccine, people return to the doctor and then I guess take their pets to the veterinarian, have elective surgeries. Could there be upside to your expectations around growth in 2021 kind of ex-COVID?
Eric Green: It's very open ended question, as those things happened, yeah ideally we would say there will be some level of upside where we're focused on delivering within the construct and the guidance that we've given now and making sure that we're able to deliver on that vaccine demand to get everything back to normal and then if other markets open up, we will have the capacity in place to be able to serve those also.
Jacob Johnson: And then on COVID work, can you talk about where you're seeing demand from these COVID vaccines and therapeutics by geography? Is this largely focused on opportunity in the US and Europe or is this a situation where there could be opportunity in Asia-Pacific as well.
Eric Green: Global, so some of the firms, obviously the ones that are proven in the market right now for emergency use, they are not just in the United States but they are partners in other regions of the world and so we enforced because of our position and our assets are global, we're able to support them. So if they decided to do internally and go externally with a partner, we're there to support them with their primary containment solutions. So we're seeing, if you think about it, in Asia there's probably a little more prefilled syringe demand in the market particularly in China, in Europe and in Asia is pretty consistent on the vial configurations, and it's consistent product, that we provide throughout all these customers; the FluroTec coating is primarily the main driver.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Kreger with William Blair. Your line is open.
John Kreger: I had a question obviously at the beginning of '20, you werent thinking about COVID demand. How have you been able to handle your non-COVID work? Have you had to sort of defer that underlying order flow or have you been generally able to keep up with the sort of typical non-COVID orders?
Eric Green: In general, we've been able to keep up however, I would say there are times where we had to engage with our customers to identify if we had to risk -- pivot respond to particular our COVID order, how we work with our customers since we're made to order and our customers have been very supportive, for the most part we've been able to respond. I just put it in context, just in our proprietary business, we do over 30 billion components a year. So when you think about the demand that we're putting on our operations with the additional demand for COVID solutions, it's meaningful, but it's not over taxing the global operations.
John Kreger: And then maybe corollary to that, as you work with clients kind of upstream and their pipeline work, are you getting the sense that some of that work has been back burn base as they strength to meet the COVID challenges or again has the normal flow of non-COVID work been pretty stable in terms of the development process?
Eric Green: It's interesting, we're finding if you look in the mirror a little bit, it was approved by the FDA in 2020 versus 1918 where you'll find is pretty -- somewhat consistent, which is interesting because we do work with certain customers that might be of particular delay in clinical trials and so forth but we're seeing a relatively stable, consistent pattern as we speak today. And on top of that, we look at our participation rate, it remains equal if not better if you just and that's taking the vaccines out of the equation. On the core business, we're seeing very strong participation rates. So we're not seeing too much of a deviation what we've seen in the last couple of years.
John Kreger: And then one last one, can you just remind us why generics tends to grow notably faster than pharma and as you look out 2021 or 2022, do you think you'll see the same trend or a little bit more of a normalization of those two buckets?
Eric Green: There is two comments and maybe Bernard if you want to add, but the first one is if you think about where we started with on this market led approach, it became apparent when we started a few years ago that the generics market unit was a lower market share amongst the three. So we had a greater opportunity to capture more share just by simply repositioning new portfolios like AccelTRA that are very attractive to that segment. And the other aspect just to remind of is the pharma business includes dental, includes that -- includes other ancillary segments outside of just branded small molecule and therefore, you'll see a little bit more of a softness in that business, but we're seeing the number of ANDAs continue to be very strong, which is what drives the generics business for West. I dont know Bern if you want to add any comment to that.
Bernard Birkett: It's been capsulated, it's our market share is different within those two market units and there's more room for us to grow within generics and they're essentially put the market units in place. It allows us to focus in on that area and start to grow our business within generics and that continue to be the case and there is still -- we still have a pathway forward to continue that accelerated growth and then we're introducing new products also to help us to get more entrenched with the generics market space.
John Kreger: Great. Thanks and maybe just one last one, the COVID contribution that you quantified for '21, as you think about longer-term planning, do you view that as sort of durable or more of a bolus that will likely decline in '22 and '23?
Bernard Birkett: Well, one of the things that we've looked at is the mix of our COVID-related business and as Eric said earlier, it started out more on the diagnostics therapeutics, I guess we went through the first half and the first call it three quarters of 2020 and that more become larger within vaccines and we have been communicating that we felt the vaccine will be where West would see the biggest opportunity for us and that's reflected in our 2021 guidance. So it's really how does the vaccine play out over the next number of years, what sort of booster shots will be required. So that's how we're trying to frame us and believe that into our planning. So it is obviously how does that vaccine market develop over the next number of years and will boosters be required, but that's primarily what we're participating right now.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dave Windley with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Dave Windley: Thanks to your team as well, I hope to get the vaccine soon, so we're all one of the patient. So thanks for their hard work. I was hoping probably have a series of clarifications. So in your COVID vaccine or excuse me, your COVID contribution to '21 as I am listening to you describe how that has kind of evolved in the last quarter or so, should I interpret that the 100 million of kind of base in '20 stays in that same mix and the vaccine is the 160 contribution on top of that or does most of the 260 actually then become vaccine as we move into '21?
Eric Green: Yeah it's primarily the growth we see within the vaccine segments. As we said there was a lot on the therapeutics within 2020 and the early part where we try to figure out how to treat this thing and then that shift is the -- as we got into the latter part of the year until now more the focus is around vaccines for us and there is some within therapeutics, little bit in diagnostics, but it's primarily vaccine related.
Dave Windley: And then to Jacob's question on global and your answer there, it sounds like your clients are making high-value product choices globally. Did I understand that correctly or are you seeing downshift to standard in say developing economies things like that?
Eric Green: We're seeing consistency Dave around our high-value products particularly on FluroTec and characteristics of the vaccine, their molecule itself. So we're not seen any reduction I guess if you want to call that from the high-value product portfolio. So it truly is HVP globally.
Dave Windley: Sure that sounds great. In terms of then broadening out from COVID, is this experience is the last year and the ability to kind of I'm sure clients are familiar with these products, but your ability to respond quickly to clients to ramp up your capacity for these high-value products, is that stimulating higher adoption of high value in the non-COVID opportunities with these clients? I was just wondering what kind of knock-on effect that my create in your conversations with clients?
Eric Green: Yeah if you look at our biologic portfolios, we have a very high participation rate there. So that tends to be primarily a runner for FluroTec platform, but to your point, we are seeing an acceleration conversation around NovaPure because now -- because of scale and a greater understanding of the characteristics of the primary packaging containment. So as they look at vaccine that will spill over to more of a platform approach going forward, that's how we see it and that's why we're continuously building and pushing for helping our customers get to that NovaPure conclusion with our new molecules that they're working on.
Dave Windley: Interesting so that kind of segues into my last question, which is can you give us some sense, I think two or three years ago and really throughout this period of time, we talked about high-value product as a percentage, but within high-value product you obviously have many tears NovaPure at the higher end, can you give us a sense of how the mix has shifted within high-value product from Westar at the entry level and NovaPure at the high level? How does that evolution look if we could see that detail?
Eric Green: Yeah we don't give up the exact numbers for each area, but what you would see if you look at -- if you recall that a while ago, we showed a spectrum of all the high-value products from whereas we said Westar all the way up to NovaPure. What you're seeing is the higher growth and now it's higher dealt on revenue is the upper right-hand side versus the lower right -- lower left side. So to your point, we are seeing that adoption, we certainly see the volume and as you know that our business, it takes a while to get that adoption and then build it into the platform of our customers. So the higher growth is in the upper hand side of that spectrum.
Operator: Thank you. And I am showing no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back to Quintin Lai for any closing remarks.
Quintin Lai: Thank you, Catherine and thank all of you for joining us today -- on today's conference call. An online archive of the broadcast will be available on our website at westpharma.com in the Investors section. Additionally, you can get a replay through Thursday, February 25 by using the dial-in numbers and conference ID provided at the end of today's release. That concludes this call. Have a nice day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-22 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Q3 2020 West Pharmaceutical Services Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today to Mr. Quintin Lai, Vice President Corporate Development, Strategy and Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead, sir.
Quintin Lai: Thank you, Julian. Good morning, and welcome to West's third quarter 2020 conference call. We issued our financial results this morning, and the release has been posted in the Investors section on the company's website located at westpharma.com. This morning, CEO, Eric Green; and CFO, Bernard Birkett, will review our financial results, provide an update on our business and present our updated outlook for the remaining year of 2020. There is a slide presentation that accompanies today's call, and a copy of the presentation is available on the Investors section of our website. On Slide 2 is the safe harbor statement. Statements made by management on this call and in the accompanying presentation contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. federal securities law. These statements are based on our beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. The company's future results are influenced by many factors beyond the control of the company. Actual results could differ materially from past results, as well as those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement made here. Please refer to today's press release as well as any other disclosures made by the company regarding the risk to which it is subject, including our 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports. During today's call, management will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures, including organic sales growth, adjusted operating profit, adjusted operating profit margin and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in this morning's earnings release. I now turn the call over to West's CEO and President, Eric Green.
Eric Green: Thank you, Quintin, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Before we dive into our Q3 results and raised 2020 guidance, I like to make clear the importance of our mission at West and the values that formed the pillars in which we operate. In today's uncertain environment what seems like a new set of challenges each day, we remain focused on two key priorities. Keeping our team members safe and ensuring uninterrupted supply of high quality containment and delivery devices required by our customers and the patients we jointly serve. Moving to Slide 5. West is uniquely positioned to satisfy increasing market demand by leveraging our global operation of scale and resources. Our team recognized at the outset of the pandemic that need to increase production capacity. We were already supporting the growth trajectory of our base business and the future demand for our products required for COVID-19 vaccines and therapeutics meant that we needed to act quickly and decisively. To address the increase in demand, we brought forward planned capital investments and production capacity. Earlier this month, we installed new manufacturing equipment at one of our HVP sites to prepare for the future demand of FluroTec and NovaPure. As of this week, that capacity is operational and we have additional equipment being installed at a second HVP site with more installations planned in the coming months at other global sites. The strength of our performance this past quarter demonstrates the forward momentum we have built over time with our market led strategy and the One West team approach to satisfy market demand. Now turning to Slide 6. The disruption caused by the pandemic has impacted the way all of us conduct business in our daily lives. West is no exception. Thankfully, the changes we have been making over the past several years, the way we do business have enabled us to address these disruptions from a position of strength. Customers come to West for a scientific and technical expertise, and this differentiates us in the market. Despite the pandemic, we continued to share our expertise through our enhanced knowledge center, webinars, published articles and technical presentations at virtual conferences. We have been investing in digital technology and automation with two objectives in mind, bringing new connected products to market, as well as enhancing the productivity of our operations at every level of the organization. While we're early in our digital journey, I would like to share a few examples of our recent success, starting with our manufacturing automation strategy. We made great strides over the past year and helping us to achieve continuous improvements and quality, safety, service and cost. For example, our St. Petersburg, Florida site has developed an automation process for robotically loading and unloading molding presses. This has considerably reduced idle production time associated with product changeovers and improved operating efficiency. And our Kinston site has automated molding, trimming, rinsing processes, which will drive higher quality and final product and greater efficiency gains. And I'm especially pleased with the team's agility in bringing forward the production capacity expansion, I mentioned earlier. A great deal of planning and engineering went into this initiative to help us meet our customers' requirements. On the digital front, we have just introduced West virtual, the future of customer interactions with a truly immersive, fully interactive online experience. We expect this tool to be a primary customer interface, even beyond the current pandemic. Turning to Slide 7 and our performance in the third quarter, our financial results remain strong. I'm pleased to say that the growth trends we have experienced over the past several quarters continued in the third quarter and the outlook for the fourth quarter remains positive. We had over 18% organic sales growth in the third quarter, driven again by robust high value product sales, as well as sales in contract manufacturing. And we experienced solid growth in operating profit margin expansion. This resulted in a strong adjusted EPS and free cash flow for the third quarter. Similar to the second quarter, our base business had solid organic sales growth in the third quarter. We also had incremental sales associated with many COVID-19 development projects we are supporting for both therapeutics and vaccines. Specifically for vaccines, towards the back end of the quarter, we were asked by our customers to accelerate initial deliveries of components is more than offset continued sales decline of products associated with injectable drugs and treatments such as dental and elective surgeries that have been impacted negatively by the pandemic. As for guidance for the remainder of the year, we are confident that we're well positioned with the strength and resiliency of our core underlying business and the incremental opportunities being presented to support our customers with pandemic solutions. Therefore, we're raising our sales and EPS guidance for the remainder of the year. And with that, I'll turn it over to our CFO, Bernard Birkett, who will provide more detail on our financial performance and guidance. Bernard?
Bernard Birkett: Thank you, Eric, and good morning. Let's review the numbers in more detail. We'll first look at Q3 2020 revenues and profits, where we saw strong sales and EPS growth, led by strong revenue performance primarily in our biologics and generics market units and Contract Manufacturing. I will take you through the margin growth we saw in the quarter as well as some balance sheet takeaways. And finally, we'll review our updated 2020 guidance. First up, Q3. Our financial results are summarized on Slide 8, and the reconciliation of non-U.S. GAAP measures are described in Slides 16 to 20. We recorded net sales of $548 million, representing organic sales growth of 18.2%. COVID-related net revenues are estimated to have been approximately $32 million in the quarter. These net revenues include our assessment of components associated with treatment and diagnosis of COVID-19 patients, offset by lower sales to customers affected by lower volumes due to the pandemic. Excluding net COVID impact, organic sales grew by approximately 11%. Looking at Slide 9. Proprietary product sales grew organically by 20.3% in the quarter. High-Value Products, which made up more than 65% of proprietary product sales in the quarter, grew double-digits and had solid momentum across all market units throughout Q3. Looking at the performance of the market units, Biologics market units delivered strong double-digit growth. We continue to work with many biotech and biopharma customers who are using West and Daikyo high-value product offerings. The generics market unit experienced high single-digit growth led by sales of Teflon stoppers and FluroTec components. Our Pharma market unit saw mid single-digit growth with sales led by high-value products and services, including Westar and FluroTec components. And Contract Manufacturing had double-digit organic sales growth for the third quarter, led once again by sales of diagnostic and health care-related injection devices. We continue to see improvement in gross profit. We recorded $194.6 million in gross profit, $46.8 million or 31.7% above Q3 of last year. And our gross profit margin of 35.5% was a 310 basis point expansion from the same period last year. We saw improvement in adjusted operating profit, with $103.9 million recorded this quarter compared to $70.1 million in the same period last year for a 48.2% increase. Our adjusted operating profit margin of 19% was a 360 basis point increase from the same period last year. Finally, adjusted diluted EPS grew 46% for Q3. Excluding stock tax benefit of $0.02 in Q3, EPS grew by approximately 53%. Let's review the gross drivers in both revenue and profits. On Slide 10, we show the contributions to sales growth in the quarter. Volume and mix contributed $77.1 million or 16.9 percentage points of growth, including approximately $32 million of volume driven by COVID-19-related net demand. Sales price increases contributed $6.1 million or 1.3 percentage points of growth, and changes in foreign currency exchange rates increased sales by $8.7 million or a reduction of 1.9 percentage points. Looking at margin performance. Slide 11 shows our consolidated gross profit margin of 35.5% for Q3 2020, up from 32.4% in Q3 2019. Proprietary products third quarter gross profit margin of 40.8% was 260 basis points above the margin achieved in the third quarter of 2019. The key drivers of the continued improvement in proprietary products gross profit margin were: favorable mix of products sold, driven by high-value products; production efficiencies; and sales price increases, partially offset by increased overhead costs. Contract Manufacturing third quarter gross profit margin of 17.9% was 350 basis points above the margin achieved in the third quarter of 2019. This is a result of improved efficiencies and plant utilization. Now let's look at our balance sheet and review how we've done in terms of generating more cash. On Slide 12, we have listed some key cash flow metrics. Operating cash flow was $323.8 million for the year-to-date 2020, an increase of $63 million compared to the same period last year, a 24.2% increase. Our year-to-date capital spending was $116.7 million, $27.9 million higher than the same period last year and in line with guidance. Working capital of $790.6 million at September 30, 2020 was $73.5 million higher than at December 31, 2019, primarily due to an increase in Accounts Receivable due to increased sales activity and inventory, mainly as a result of increasing safety stock. Our cash balance at September 30 of $519.4 million was $80.3 million more than our December 2019 balance, primarily due to our positive operating results. Our capital and financial resources, including overall liquidity, remain strong. Turning to guidance, slide 13 provides a high-level summary. Full year 2020 net sales guidance will be in a range of between $2.1 billion and $2.11 billion. This includes estimated net COVID incremental revenues of approximately $85 million. There is an estimated headwind of $4 million based on current foreign exchange rates. We expect organic sales growth to be approximately 14% to 15%. This compares to prior guidance of $2.035 billion to $2.055 billion and growth of approximately 12%. We expect our full year 2020 adjusted diluted EPS guidance to be in a range of $4.50 to $4.55 compared to prior guidance of $4.15 to $4.25. As Eric discussed, we are expanding our HVP manufacturing capacity at our existing sites to meet anticipated 2021 COVID-19 vaccine demand. CapEx guidance remains at $170 million to $180 million. There are some key elements I want to bring your attention to as you review our revised guidance. Estimated FX headwinds on EPS has an impact of approximately $0.02 based on current foreign currency exchange rates. The revised guidance also includes $0.18 EPS impact from our tax benefits from stock-based compensation. So to summarize the key takeaways for the third quarter, strong top line growth in both Proprietary and Contract Manufacturing, gross profit margin improvement, growth in operating profit margin, growth in adjusted diluted EPS and growth in operating and free cash flow. Our sales and EPS projections for 2020 and performance are in line with our long-term construct or approximately 6% to 8% organic sales growth and EPS expansion. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Eric.
Eric Green: Thank you, Bernard. Before I close, I'm pleased to share that last evening we received FDA clearance for West to market our 20 millimeter Vial2Bag advanced product. The team is excited to bring this innovative product to the healthcare professionals. To conclude, there are many challenges ahead of us, but we're resolute in our mission focus systems and most importantly, the team to address these challenges. We see strengths in our core business and we're confident in our long-term growth strategy. Our market led strategies delivering unique value propositions to our customers. Our global operations network is able to flex and respond to the demand, while driving market leading service and quality. And our investments in digital technology and automation will continue to keep us on the forefront of the industry. We remain focused on delivering value to all our stakeholders on a sustainable basis and doing our part to support the healthcare industry as it works to resolve this global pandemic. On behalf of the team members at West, we continue to wish you well in the days ahead. Gila, we're ready to take questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] I show our first question comes from the line of Juan Avendano from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Juan Avendano: Hello. Thank you. Congratulations on the quarter again West and everybody. My first question is, it seems like the net COVID related revenue the benefit that you've been seeing over the last couple of quarters in 3Q and 4Q is anywhere between 30 million and 35 million per quarter. Why would you or would you not advise against annualizing this quarterly ground rate in the out years? I'm talking about 2021 and beyond?
Eric Green: Yes. Juan, well, first of all, thank you. And we look at Q2 is approximately 19 million; Q3 was roughly around 32 million net COVID impact. And a lot of that has been around our therapeutics and supporting therapies and in Q3 saw a little bit of demand regarding vaccines to support the vaccines. But until we have visibility as our customers get product that's approved for human use, we are not able to guide any further is particularly around the vaccines. So Bernard did mention that for the full year, we're looking at about $85 million net impact of COVID-19. That's just based on what we know today and what we have visibility off.
Juan Avendano: Thank you. And would you be willing to give us the split in the third quarter between therapeutics and vaccines out of those 32 million, how much was attributable to vaccines?
Eric Green: Yes. So it was  the majority of it was around therapeutics and that's still, what we're seeing, now we have seen towards the back end of the quarter, some customers pull some of their demand for vaccines forward a little bit, and we have been responding to those demands, but primarily in Q3 mainly around therapeutics and some vaccine and revenues.
Juan Avendano: Got it. And within the vaccine revenue, is this vaccine revenue associated with clinical trial activity or with at West manufacturing activity?
Eric Green: Yes. Well we don't comment on exactly what the stages are  how our customers are ramping up. So we just can't comment on exactly the use at this point in time.
Juan Avendano: Got it. And my very last question, if I may. And the margin expansion, congratulations on the margin expansion that the gross margin expansion that you were seeing on the Contract Manufactured Products segment is been two quarters of high teens gross margin. My question is how sustainable is this? And given the comments that you had in your prepared remarks about around the digital and automation improvements that you're making operationally, that's the setup West to deliver more than 100 basis points of operating margin expansion in the upcoming years?
Eric Green: So to answer your first question on contract manufacturing, as we called out in Q2 we have seen significant improvement. Some of the Q2 bump in margins was related to some one-time engineering revenues and the associated profitability we saw with those. Again, we did see further improvements in Q3, if I was to look out between now and the end of the year; I would think the margin maybe a little bit lighter than that or showing again significant improvements on previous years. And then as we roll forward into 2021 and beyond, I would start to see the 18% plus being more sustainable over the long-term. But I was when we're looking at Q4; I would dampen down expectations a little bit on that one.
Juan Avendano: Okay. Got it. And in the out years, the 100 basis points upside to that, given the digital transformation, the good trends on the high value products and obviously the increased utilization in the CMO segment?
Eric Green: Yes. On our long-term construct, we have continuously said that we're targeting 100 basis points plus improvement year-over-year. And we continue to make the investments to make sure that we can sustain that level of improvement over the long-term and digital is part of that.
Juan Avendano: Thank you. I'll leave it with that. I'll follow-up offline. Thank you.
Eric Green: Thank you.
Bernard Birkett: Thank you, Juan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Larry Solow from CJS Securities. Please go ahead.
Larry Solow: Great. Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions and congrats on the quarter. Can you  you mentioned the Vial2Bag approval there at the end. Maybe just elaborate a little more on that, so that mean that the whole product line will be coming back in 2021?
Eric Green: Yes. What's coming back is the 20 millimeter version of the Vial2Bag which is more  majority of the demand in the adjustable market. So we are now as we got the approval late last night in the mode of ramping-up and to reenter the market or enter the market with the new innovative product that we're very comfortable and confident on will be a really solid solution. When you start thinking about transferring vile drugs from vile into a bag situation environment. So, and at the bedside of a patient, so we're excited about this launch and we're ready to move forward and thankfully the FDA has supported us on this journey
Larry Solow: And obviously, just to follow-up on Juan's questions and a very nice margin improvement. And you mentioned NovaPure and Envision, could you just speak to and all those are two of your highest margin products, I believe sort of give us like a global look. What penetration is of those two services compared to some of Westar and FluroTec and, how much room we got to run between the two?
Eric Green: Yes. FluroTec is really kind of a foundational element. We start thinking about particularly in the Biologics area. So the FluroTec coating that is used on both stoppers and plungers. And so therefore as somewhat foundational and that is being, the demand is obviously increased due to the current pandemic. We started thinking about penetration of envision, which has continuously grow nicely and then NovaPure, which is the highest level quality product that we provide in the marketplace. And that is the  the adoption rate is starting to continue to  continues to accelerate. It is still less than 10% or frankly, less than 5% of our sales and proprietary, but the highest growth that we're seeing and what's really encouraging as you know, we have good visibility what's in the pipeline and what our customers are looking to use for primary containment. NovaPure is now becoming quite a, I call it a staples in the biologic space. So we anticipate strong growth in NovaPure not just near-term, but more long-term on the base business. And in addition to that, we sort of think about some of the vaccines are being looked at and being developed for COVID. We are seeing interest levels around NovaPure.
Larry Solow: And you spoke to the, the increased capacity particularly on the NovaPure and FluroTec. I realized that acceleration is partially driven by the vaccine demand in the short run. How about in the long run, it's these vaccines are not here forever or there are other options for these vaccine providers. Do you run the risk of overhead or unused overhead absorption? They put some of this increased capacity?
Eric Green: Larry, the capacity that we've added was already baked into our five-year strap plan. So really what we've done is accelerated that CapEx by probably two to three years. So that this is capacity we were going to add in any case and say a vaccine didn't happen and we all want vaccines to be successful, but if it didn't, there would be some cost to cover really in the short term, but that, it's perfectly within our capability to do that. So we don't see any, no specific risk with this. It's technologies that we already have in our business, and that we are running today. So it's really expanding the current technology base. So from that perspective, there's not a huge risk, and we would not see that capacity sitting there idle for, it within the medium to long-term, if that vaccines were not successful.
Larry Solow: Got it. And then just last question, just to clarify, actually a clarification. You mentioned, I think you said 95 million now for COVID related...
Bernard Birkett: 85.
Larry Solow: 85, okay. So, up from 60, so that's 25, and I think you sort of reverted back a little bit on the FX impact by about another 20 or so, so that's about three quarters of your increase on your guidance and the rest, I guess is the base business.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. And so we're seeing strong growth across all of the areas of our business with COVID and ex-COVID, if you look at the growth rates excluding COVID, we're at double-digit growth rates. So it's strong across all areas of the business, and we've been showing growth in each of the market units and contract manufacturing.
Larry Solow: Got it. Great. Thanks very much. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jacob Johnson from Stephens. Please go ahead.
Jacob Johnson: Hey, thanks. Congrats on the quarter. Just maybe one question on COVID vaccines, I mean, in terms of customer demand, I don't think you experienced stocking earlier this year, just generally, but as we think about the ramp up of these vaccines, do you anticipate customers building up inventories ahead of a potential launch? Or should we anticipate this vaccine work being largely made to order?
Eric Green: A lot of our businesses made to order, but we are in active discussion with several customers of if and when a vaccine is approved and how we can respond. So, I think, earlier in the prepared remarks, Bernard mentioned a little bit about inventory has increased and some of that is due to build on, on some components that
Bernard Birkett: That's our inventory, that's right inventory with the customer.
Eric Green: And that was the customer, it's our own inventory as we prepare. So we're well positioned to be able to react quickly and meet the requirements that the customers have, we have agreed upon with our customers. So, again, we're made to order, so we'll be able to respond once those  if and when those approvals come.
Jacob Johnson: Got it. And then maybe a bigger picture question. I mean, in this COVID environment, we're seeing a lot of healthcare move into the home setting. Maybe it's too soon on the drug delivery side, but are you seeing any uptick in interest in products like SmartDose or SelfDose? And is this a trend, do you think, that could maybe accelerate in coming years as we come out of COVID?
Eric Green: Jacob, that's exactly one of the areas we're starting to have further discussions with our customers, in particularly a couple of the development agreements recently signed and it commenced on what the customers is exactly just referenced, ability to take it away from an infusion setting to a delivery device environment that SmartDose is capable of doing. Now, it does take time to ensure that it's compatible and we obviously works as required. And we're confident in that area, but these development agreements do take time to get through over the line. We're seeing a bolt mixture of new molecules in the pipeline, but also molecules that are already in the marketplace that using other types of modalities for delivery.
Jacob Johnson: Got it. I'll leave it there. Thanks for taking the questions.
Eric Green: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Kreger from William Blair. Please go ahead.
John Kreger: Hi, thanks. Bernard, could you just expand a bit more on your comments about accelerated CapEx? When would we expect that that program to sort of come online? I think, you said one plant has come online already, but can you just give us a little bit more detail about when the other accelerated programs are coming on? And I'm curious if that is impacting your expense levels as well, obviously it's impacting CapEx, but are you  to what degree are you running sort of elevated spending through the P&L too?
Bernard Birkett: Yes, so, we're onboarding the equipment as we speak and  each week and over the next coming weeks, we'll be layering in more. And as we move into 2021, we'll be layering in more capacity. There is some expense around us regarding some engineering support, validation support, but it's not overly material. As we've already commented that the equipment and the technologies are onboarding our technologies and equipment that we have used in the past. So it's not anything new for us. So we have the systems and the people in place already to be able to do that. So it's not overly material on our results at this point.
John Kreger: Great, thanks. And then the net COVID benefit, can we assume that is mostly flowing through the biologics segment?
Bernard Birkett: That's correct, biologics and then generics have seen some.
John Kreger: Got it. Okay. And curious, obviously, you've gotten a really nice lift from the pandemic in terms of demand. Can you talk about sort of the non-COVID pipeline that you're seeing? And are you able to meet the underlying demand levels there? Are you having any capacity issues?
Eric Green: No, you're absolutely right. In the last quarter, we had double digit growth on the ex-COVID in both  in proprietary, which is really the area that were impacting the most wood sparking units probably supporting the most. And when you think about the pipeline in our biologics businesses is very robust. So not just molecules that have been launched and continue to have higher uptake in the marketplace, but it's new molecules that are being developed and we have a very high participation rate also in biologics. So the underlying growth rate of the three market units continued to do quite well. And that does put, as you referenced, additional capacity pressures on our capabilities, but that's where these investments we're bringing in and we're able to quickly install, validate, and move it into operational productivity. So the underlying business and we believe that will continue to go forward as is based on our current participation rate on new molecules coming through the pipeline.
John Kreger: Great, thanks. And just one last thing to clarify, can you remind us at what point in the drug development process are you typically getting engaged by the innovator? Is it preclinical or early stage clinical?
Eric Green: It's preclinical. So, we're very early on and a lot  in many cases, if they're not using, as you know, we have a pretty high participation rate on many of our customers' drug portfolio. So if they're looking at moving away from some  an element or products that they're already using within other parts of their portfolio then we will obviously alter and move to a higher value product like NovaPure, but it's very early on with our customers.
John Kreger: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I show our next question comes from the line of Danlei Yan from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Danlei Yan: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I guess I just have one that hasn't been asked already. As cash builds, how is  how are you thinking about prioritizing deployment of capital?
Bernard Birkett: So, right now, we're focusing on making sure that we're adding the additional capacity, the required capacity that's needed, and you can see that we've increased or had increased our CapEx guidance. And that's in the short to medium term as we look at where we deploy capital in the future. Yes, we will look at M&A, but again we take a very disciplined approach to looking at that and how we deploy capital in that area based on what are the strategic objectives that we have and what incremental value cannot bring to our customers and how we will create value from those acquisitions and add stakeholder value. And so, we have a pretty robust constructs around the hurdle rates that we have to meet, but that is something that we have started to look at. And if we have any updates for you in the future, we'll obviously communicate those to you. The one thing that we are cognizant of is that we have a very strong and robust organic growth story and strategic plan in place. And our priority is to make sure that we continue to deliver on that and not get distracted. So, hopefully that answers your question.
Danlei Yan: Great, thank you. And yes, it does.
Operator: Thank you. I show no further questions in the queue. At this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Quintin Lai for closing remarks. Please go ahead.
Quintin Lai: Thank you, Julian. Thank you everyone for joining us on today's conference call. An online archive of the broadcast will be available on our website at westpharma.com in the Investors section. Additionally, you may access a replay through Thursday, October 29 by using the dial-in numbers and conference ID provided at the end of todays earnings release. That concludes this call. Have a nice day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-23 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Q2 2020 West Pharmaceutical Services' Earnings Conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Quintin Lai, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Quintin Lai: Thank you, Josh. Good morning and welcome to West's Second Quarter 2020 Conference Call. We issued our financial results this morning and the release has been posted in the Investors' Section on the company's website located at westpharma.com. This morning, CEO, Eric Green, and CFO, Bernard Birkett, will review our financial results, provide an update on our business and present our updated outlook for the full year 2020. There is a slide presentation that accompanies todays call and a copy of the presentation is available on the Investors Section of our website. On Slide 2 is our Safe Harbor statement. Statements made by the management on this call and in the accompanying presentation contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of US Federal Securities Law. These statements are based on our beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates, and forecasts. The companys future results are influenced by many factors beyond the control of the company and actual results could differ materially from past results, as well as those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement made here. Please refer to todays press release as well as any other disclosures made by the company regarding the risk to which it is subject, including our 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports. During todays call, management will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures including organic sales growth, adjusted operating profit, adjusted operating profit margin and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in this mornings earnings release. I now turn the call over to West's CEO and President, Eric Green. Eric?
Eric Green: Thank you, Quintin and good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. I would like to begin by saying that I'm incredibly proud of how our team members across the globe have remained steadfast in our commitment to supply the much needed components and solutions to our customers under tough circumstances. Our Q2 performance emphasizes the continued result of our talented team members, the strength of our company, and the criticality of the role West plays during these unprecedented times. We are in the business of helping our customers bring new medicines and treatments that improve the lives of patients, which could be more meaningful than at times like today. Driven by our mission, we experienced another solid quarter reinforced by the right market led strategy to continuously deliver value for our customers and the patients we jointly serve. Moving to Slide 4, the pandemic remains our priority. Given the ever-changing situation, there's a huge sense of urgency in vaccine development. As the market leader, our teams are working tirelessly with our customers to ensure we supply the right components and solutions to help resolve this pandemic. The process for selecting the best high-quality packaging components for use with injectable medicines, including vaccines is a complex one driven by years of science, which West has pioneered. We're helping our customers in the selection, testing and verification of components. We're doing this in a way that prepares our customers for the future commercial scale up and launch of any successful vaccine candidates. As we stated during our first quarter earnings call, we have seen a high adoption rate of our fluoropolymer coated stopper made by both West and our partner Daikyo. These Are the industry standard for packaging sensitive molecules with an outstanding track record of quality and reliability. Notably, some of our customers have selected NovaPure, as they have made this decision to use the best in industry component to ensure the highest degree of quality and safety. As our customers vaccine development rapidly moves into clinical trials, the entire West team has stepped up to make certain we can supply the demand for high value products as well as any immediate surge and requests for therapeutics. The organization is also preparing for the potential volume surges that could come if and when vaccines are approved for human use. All the work over the past few years across the enterprise to drive commercial and operational excellence, along with globalizing West's manufacturing operations has put us in the best possible position to meet the future pandemic demand. We are accelerating our capacity expansion to manufacture FluroTec and NovaPure components. These investments were in our five-year plan, and we have brought them forward to address the expected increase in demand the latter part of this year and into 2021. From our perspective, it is still too early to estimate how much volume could be generated by vaccine packaging. However, whether it's hundreds of millions or billions of doses, our West team is prepared and ready when the time comes. Turning to Slide 5 and our performance in the second quarter, our financial position remains strong. I'm pleased to say that the growth trends we have experienced over the past several quarters have continued in the second quarter and the outlook for the bounce of the year remains positive. We had 14% organic sales growth in the second quarter driven again by robust high value product sales. And with HVP sales growth, we've experienced strong growth and operating profit margin expansion. This resulted in a strong adjusted EPS for the second quarter. To be clear, the majority of the organic growth in the second quarter was from our base business with some incremental growth coming from COVID-19 sales related to therapeutics. As for guidance, we believe we are well positioned for the second half of the year. That said, because of the strength and resiliency of our core, underlying business, and the incremental opportunities being presented to support our customers with COVID-19 solutions, we are raising our guidance for the remainder of the year. Now, I'll turn it over to our CFO, Bernard Birkett, who will provide more detail on our second quarter financial performance and the outlook. Bernard?
Bernard Birkett: Thank you, Eric and good morning. I hope everyone continues to be healthy and safe during this time. So let's review the numbers in more detail. We'll first look at Q2 2020 revenues and profits, where we saw strong sales and EPS growth led by strong revenue performance, primarily in our Biologics and Generics market units and Contract Manufacturing. I will take you through the margin growth we saw in the quarter, as well as some balance sheet takeaways and finally, we'll review guidance for 2020. First up Q2, our financial results are summarized on Slide 6 and the reconciliation of non-US GAAP measures are described in Slides 13 to 17. We recorded net sales of $527.2 million, representing organic sales growth of 14.3%. COVID related net revenues are estimated to have been approximately $19 million in the quarter. These net revenues include our assessment of components associated with treatment and diagnosis of COVID-19 patients, offset by lower sales to customers affected by lower volumes due to the pandemic and stay at home restrictions, such as dental, veterinary and elective procedures. We continue to see improvement in gross profits. We recorded $195.1 million in gross profit, 37.2 million or 23.6% above Q2 of last year. And our gross profit margin of 37% was a 340 basis point expansion from the same period last year. We saw improvement in adjusted operating profits with $106 million recorded this quarter, compared to 81.9 million in the same period last year for a 29.4% increase. Our adjusted operating profit margin of 20.1% was a 270 basis point increase from the same period last year. Finally adjusted diluted EPS grew 40% for Q2. Excluding stock tax benefit of $0.09 in Q2, EPS grew by approximately 38%. Moving to Slide 7, our Proprietary Products sales grew organically by 13.3% in the quarter. High-value products, which made up more than 65% of Proprietary Product sales in the quarter grew double digits and had solid momentum across all market units throughout Q2. Looking at the performance of the market units, the Biologics market unit delivered strong double-digit growth. We continue to work with many biotech and biopharma customers who are using West and Daikyo high value product offering. The Generics market unit experienced double-digit growth led by FluroTec and film coated products sales. Our pharma market units saw low single digit growth with sales led by high-value products and services including Westar and FluroTec components. And Contract Manufacturing had double digit organic sales growth for the second quarter, lead once again by sales of diagnostic and healthcare related injection devices. So what's driving the growth in both revenue and profit? On Slide 8, we show the contributions to sales growth in the quarter. Volume and mix contributed $59.4 million or 12.6 percentage points of growth, including approximately $19 million of volume driven by COVID-19 related net demand. Sales price increases contributed $7.8 million or 1.7 percentage points of growth. And changes in foreign currency exchange rates reduced sales by $9.6 million or a reduction of two percentage point. Looking at margin performance, Slide 9 shows our consolidated gross profit margin of 37% for Q2 2020, up from 33.6% in Q2 2019. Proprietary Products second quarter gross profit margin of 42.8% was 330 basis points above the margin achieved in the second quarter of 2019. The key drivers for the continued improvement in Proprietary Products gross profit margin were favorable mix a product sold driven by high-value products, production efficiencies and sales price increases, partially offset by increased overhead costs. Contract manufacturing second quarter gross profit margin of 19% was 470 basis points above the margin achieved in the second quarter of 2019. The improvement is a result of improved efficiencies and plant utilization. There was approximately 180 to 200 basis points positive impact on margin primarily due to a one-time engineering project work. Our adjusted operating profit margin of 20.1% was a 270 basis point increase from the same period last year, largely attributable to our gross profit expansion. One point to note, we took a one-time charge of $6.3 million for asset impairment. This is included in other operating expense. Now, let's look at our balance sheet and review how we've done in terms of generating more cash for the business. On Slide 10, we have listed some key cash flow metrics. Operating cash flow was $205.2 million for the year-to-date 2020, an increase of 52.5 million compared to the same period last year, a 34% increase. Our year-to-date capital spending was $69.2 million, 12.1 million higher than the same period last year and in line with guidance. Working capital of $735.4 million at June 30, 2020, was 18.3 million higher than at December 31, 2019, primarily due to an increase in inventory mainly as a result of increasing our safety stock levels and accounts receivable due to increased sales activity. Both DSO and DPO improved in the quarter. Our cash balance at June 30 of $445.9 million was 6.8 million more than our December 2019 balance, primarily due to our positive operating results. Our capital and financial resources including overall liquidity remain strong. Turning to guidance, Slide 11 provides a high-level summary. Full year 2020 net sales guidance will be in a range of between $2.035 billion and $2.055 billion. This includes estimated net COVID incremental revenues of $60 million. There is an estimated headwind of $26 million based on current foreign exchange rates. We expect organic sales growth to be approximately 12.5%. This compares to prior guidance of $1.95 billion to $1.97 billion and growth of 8%. We do expect growth in Contract Manufacturing to be less than H2 versus H1 as a result of tougher comps. We expect our full year 2020 reported diluted EPS guidance to be in a range of $4.15 to $4.25, compared to prior guidance of $3.52 to $3.62. As Eric discussed, we are expanding our HVP manufacturing capacity at our existing sites to meet anticipated 2021 On COVID-19 vaccine demand. CapEx guidance has raised to $170 million to $80 million. This compares to previous guidance of 130 million to 140 million. There are some key elements I want to bring your attention to as you review our guidance. Estimated FX headwind on EPS has an impact of approximately $0.07 based on current foreign currency exchange rates. The revised guidance also includes $0.16 EPS impact from our H1 tax benefits from stock-based compensation. So to summarize the key takeaways for the second quarter, strong top line growth in both Proprietary and Contract manufacturing, gross profit margin improvement, growth in operating profit margin, growth in adjusted diluted EPS and growth in operating and free cash flow. Our long-term construct remains at approximately 6% to 8% organic sales growth and continued EPS expansion. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Eric.
Eric Green: Thank you, Bernard. We have a rich history of leading in times of great challenge. Our customers expect this of us and this is what we're committed and prepared to do. I want to emphasize that across West, we are leveraging our global manufacturing capabilities, size and scale, to innovate, lead and operate with a sense of urgency to make a positive impact in healthcare and society. Our performance continues to reaffirm that our market lead strategy is delivering unique value propositions to our customers. Our global operations team is efficiently manufacturing and delivering products with market leading service and quality. And we're continuing to invest in our business with digital technology and automation across our operations to fuel an even brighter future. We remain committed to delivering value to all our stakeholders on a sustainable basis, as well as to maintain and build upon the values that make up our one West team. On behalf of the team members at West, we continue to wish you good health in the days ahead. Josh, we're ready to take questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Juan Avendano with Bank of America. You may proceed with your question.
Juan Avendano: Hi, good morning. Thank you and congratulations on the quarter and the role that you're planning to COVID response.
Eric Green: Yeah, thank you Juan.
Juan Avendano: Yeah. My first question is, what is the mix between FluroTec and NovaPure components that you're seeing being evaluated by the COVID vaccine players and any thoughts on the most likely packaging format, such as single dose or multi those and how many doses in that multi dose?
Eric Green: Yeah, Juan, let me take these two questions. One is, in regards to FluroTec in NovaPure components primarily most of the interests with the  and again we have a pretty healthy participation rate with the number of companies working on a vaccine solution. In the vaccine area we're seeing more interest from FluroTec as the primary technology versus NovaPure. Now, there are certain situations where NovaPure is a better solution and customers have elected to go in that direction. But majority I would say is in FluroTec. In some of the therapeutics that we're working out whether already marketed or been labeled or expanded, that's using the combination mostly NovaPure and some FluroTec. In regards to the second part, that's a tough question where we stand today. As you think about how our customers are looking at vial configuration, whether it's one dose or multiple doses per vial. And it's a little bit uncertain at this point of time, but the way that we're mapped out all these opportunities with our customers, each one's a little different from a number of doses are the volumes that we're looking at would accommodate either one dose or multiple doses per volume. But at this point of time, I think it's pretty difficult to pinpoint exactly the number of doses per vial that our customers will be going with.
Juan Avendano: Thank you. I appreciate the responses and the color there. And my second question is, we've seen a number of public announcements from Coronin, Silicon Oxide or SiO2 and ApiJect on the glass vial supply side for COVID-19. I would have expected to have seen something on Crystal Zenith from West. And so my short question is, what can you tell us about Crystal Zenith, how it compares competitively versus some of the other solutions out there that have gotten government grants for the COVID response? And what sort of COVID opportunities are you seeing for Crystal Zenith?
Eric Green: Yeah, it's  we look at it a little differently. I think when you think about the preferred solution in the market right now is still glass. And so I know that the companies that are manufacturing glass are working on making sure they have the appropriate volumes, but I can't speak to them specifically. When you think about Crystal Zenith it's already a proven technology in the marketplace with a number of critical drugs specifically around the Biologics. And the demand that we have for Crystal Zenith is increasing. In fact, we are in process of increasing capacity in our Scottsdale, Arizona facility to address the increase around our one ml insert needle technology. We do see certain customers that require the Crystal Zenith technology in the areas of vaccine exploring that option. But I would say at this point, we have not got out and side government grants, frankly, I think our company as the market leader, we were leading from the front. And we're working with number of customers around the CZ technology. But I would say right now what it looks like is that the preferred solution on the immediate phase would be around glass.
Juan Avendano: Great, got it. I'll leave it there, thank you and congrats once again.
Eric Green: Thanks Juan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Kreger with William Blair. You may proceed with your question.
John Kreger: Thanks very much. Can you talk a bit more about your CapEx expansion plans? Are you  can we assume you're running sort of at full tilt at this point? Or do you have the ability to flex your output with your current configuration? And when can we expect the new capacity to come online that you talked about with the higher CapEx budget? Thanks.
Eric Green: Yeah, John, what we have done is we decided to bring forward capital in regards to specifically equipment that will be placed strategically in three of our center of excellence sites of high-value products. We had this equipment earmarked for latter years based on trajectory of our current business and our current portfolio, but due to our discussions with customers, we are preparing to make sure that we will be able to address this surge that we'll see specifically around FluroTec stoppers in the marketplace. Now, in regards to the timing we're looking at towards the end of this year of having the capacity installed and validated. And we will be able to start the expansion of volume at that point in time. Bernard, do you want to talk a little bit more of the spec.
Bernard Birkett: On the timing, John, some of the activity will be in at the end of this year and it's particularly related to FluroTec products and then we'll be layering in incremental capacity early on in 2021. And so all of the commitments that we have needed to put in place are actually in place with our equipment suppliers at the moment. So we'll have a phased introduction of that equipment, so it won't have any  it won't disrupt our business in any way. All of the equipment that we're ordering is replicating the equipment that we already have in place at West, so we're really set up well to make sure that we can onboard that equipment quickly and meet customer demand.
John Kreger: Excellent and just to follow up to that, what sort of capacity boost will that give you for FluroTec, if you're willing to say?
Eric Green: Yeah, we haven't revealed exactly the amount, but it's significant in the areas around FluroTec specifically.
Bernard Birkett: Yeah. So based on all of the discussions we've had with customers and analyzing a number of different models, we believe that we will have sufficient equipment in place to meet any customer demand when it comes.
John Kreger: Excellent, thanks very much. I guess one last one. Anything you can add on the sustainability of the pickup in growth in Contract Manufacturing?
Bernard Birkett: Yeah, what's happening was the Contract Manufacturing really is around the diagnostics area and also injectables, auto injectors. And what we're finding is a lot of this is installed capacity that we've been ramping up for the last couple of years. We do see that the growth rate of high single digits to low double digits is more in line what we expect of Contract Manufacturing and it has been running a little bit stronger over the last several quarters. But on the other side, we continue to have discussions about future installed capacity of similar products. So we will see the second half of this year a little bit softer than the first half from a Contract Manufacturing perspective. But that's purely a comp issue. On the growth rates from a dollar perspective, we don't see any softening in contract manufacturing. And you connect  we see the revenue itself growing, but it would grow at a slower rate purely because of the comps that we're facing in the back half of the year. And you can see the positive impact that's having John on margins, where we were able to report 19%. Now, there were some onetime gains in there regarding certain engineering work that we were doing, which we would not expect to repeat in the second half of the year. But we forecast to see strong we think quarter-over-quarter growth when we compare to last year on the margin front. And this is something that we've been talking about for a while as we continue to improve the efficiencies and the utilization within the Contract Manufacturing network. And taking a lot of the learnings that we've had in Proprietary over the last number of years and really starting to implement those within Contract Manufacturing and so I would continue to see  expect to see margin expansion, but not to the levels of 19%.
John Kreger: Great, thanks much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dave Windley with Jefferies. You may proceed with your question.
Dave Windley: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Congrats on the nice acceleration. I wanted to ask a couple of questions around your COVID vaccine comments. We are hearing from some other vendors that are involved in the development whether it be in clinical trial space or maybe contract manufacturing space about the government's involvement in the overall funding or various governments I guess I should say, in the overall funding of these development activities and discounting as a result. And I guess I want to  you're clearly calling out FluroTec and NovaPure and you have for a little bit, are you getting or expecting to get full price on those volumes when they ultimately scale up and go commercial hopefully.
Bernard Birkett: Yeah, Dave, our agreements with our customers are based on historic and current price points. So we are looking to obtain what we traditionally have received for those products. I realize that there's some funding going into certain manufacturing or R&D side, but we're not seeing the money really going into the percentage of COGS or the money going into the COGS to the supply base. So it's low. If you think about our products kind of on a configuration it could be anywhere between $0.15 to $0.35. If it's one dose or five dose, you can see how from a per dose perspective, it's not a significant percentage of the COGS. So I think we're well positioned and the expectations will continue with our policies around how we price according to the value we create, to support our customers.
Dave Windley: So you anticipated where I might go next, Quintin may have tipped you off. I guess the curiosity that I have is that that historical argument has been one that that you've made, I've certainly made that the cost of these components as a percentage of  in most cases, a very high priced maybe even four figure per dose type price on a Biologic is a very, very small percentage. When we're talking about a price per dose that what some of these companies are promising that like $10 or if it's four or five dose per vial, it's maybe it's $40 or $50 of value is a very different equation than $1,000 dose Biologic How is it that the interest level or the sensitivity to that price is as low as it is or appears to be as low as it is? And I guess to spin the question the other way, if customers are able to get over that so easily in this environment, is that a signal that the adoption rate outside of COVID for high-value products should significantly accelerate because the price sensitivity is really as low as it is?
Bernard Birkett: I can take the first part of the question, and maybe Eric might want to cover the second part of the question Dave. So just that we're clear, we have  we're not getting support from any governments. West is investing an extra $40 million, essentially this year in CapEx and even some into 2020. We've obviously  we're funding that ourselves. And when you look at, you're comparing the cost of our product to the end selling price. What we're saying is the cost of our product is a percentage of their COGS. So their COGS doesn't change, no matter what they sell the product at. The cost of producing is still the same. And we're still a relatively low part of that. And then if you work out the price per dose, potentially there could be five, 10 20 doses in a vial, where we sell one stopper per vial, so you got to divide back the cost of the stopper by the number of doses, so it becomes a really small part of the COGS. Regarding pricing, we haven't gone and tried to jack our prices in this whole process. We're maintaining the pricing essentially that we've had in place on many of these products. Now, pricing changes a lot of times regarding configuration. But I think that's the way to look at it rather than saying as a percentage of their price, if that's helpful for you and then the number of doses per vial.
Eric Green: And Dave, when you think about our customers have been using our  they're using FluroTec or they're using NovaPure are very comfortable with it because they have user components on other molecules they have in the marketplace for other purposes, especially around Biologics. And so there's a comfort of think  when you think about how they can go-to-market fast, when you think about regulatory, you think about safety, think about quality and scale. And we have the scale, we can we can manufacture the volumes that we're speaking of in a very, very short period of time. So I think that's where that gives the customers confidence and comfort to continue to go after that part of our portfolio versus using the  dissipates extended product. So I'll stop there, but that's reason why we're seeing the demand in that area.
Dave Windley: Okay and maybe a last question, in the news at least, I'm sure by numbers and perhaps the ones that don't get as much interest or press. The smaller companies are numerous, some of the highest profile of these players chasing the vaccine and the ones in Wall Street [ph], for example, I would think would be classified in your pharma segment. Can you speak to differences in growth rate that you're seeing, is that something perhaps as simple as timing as to where those inquiries and adoption rates and sampling demand might come from in regard to again, like you know, just to name a couple of the AstraZeneca's and J&J's of the world that are in this vaccine Chase.
Eric Green: Yeah. No, Dave, when you think about whether it's small or large because of the nature of the molecule, we classify that as Biologic. Yes. So when we talk about vaccines, we're all encompassing. I won't try to split out the vaccine opportunities between the three units from our performance perspective.
Dave Windley: Got it, okay. All right, very good. Thank you.
Eric Green: Great, thank you, Dave.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Larry Solow with CJS Securities. You may proceed with your question.
Larry Solow: Great, thanks, good morning, guys.
Eric Green: Good morning Larry.
Larry Solow: Good morning. A couple of follow ups, Eric, you mentioned that the $0.15  the $0.35 per vial? Would that be just for FluroTec or what is that sort of range discussing and you mentioned some companies  some customers have chosen NovaPure, which I guess encompasses sort of all the HVPs. Is there anybody just choosing FluroTec and maybe would Westar also potentially get at that equation?
Eric Green: Yeah, Larry, it does vary on what the final configuration and all the additional services we provide. That number that was referenced is more around the FluroTec portfolio versus NovaPure. NovaPure is higher.
Larry Solow: Right, okay and the 19 million you guys referred to in the quarter, 19 in the quarter and the 60 million for COVID related revenue is that the full year number?
Bernard Birkett: Yeah, that's the full year.
Eric Green: And that's anticipated number Larry.
Larry Solow: That is close to 19, okay.
Eric Green: Yeah, that's the full year number about 60 million that we see right now.
Larry Solow: Got it and I imagine some you'd mentioned a little bit on the therapeutic side perhaps that should be [ph] I guess. And then the vaccines, I guess, obviously, it's just very clarification of components and testing and whatnot. And then inevitably, if something is commercialized and scaled, then you would obviously remember as we grow a lot more is that the way we look at that.
Eric Green: Yeah, Larry, the way I look at it. Yeah, I think you're right. It's the way we break it out. And the way we're looking at we don't give out the numbers, but we're very  we segment this so we understand what's around hospital enablement. So this is like the IV and blood tubes, you think about supporting therapies to get in the ICU and then therapeutic treatments which we have a very high participation rate because of our Biologics position. Those are really the key areas when you think about more near term and as we think about vaccines as we work with our customers, obviously, there is some element of providing product for trials, but that is obviously low volume. And therefore we don't  we can't  and it's very difficult to predict when and how much and by whom. So we're holding off at that at this point. But as we said in our capital investment is that we are going ahead to ensure that we have the capacity on hand by the end of this year so we can handle the surge, if it is as early as early 2021 or late 2020.
Larry Solow: Got it and then the margins in the quarter sort of really demonstrates the power of the operating model with 37% and 20% operating. Was there anything unusual either? You called out a couple hundred Bps on the contract manufacturing side, was there anything else unusual in the quarter that could have benefited those margins?
Bernard Birkett: Well, other than the piece on Contract Manufacturing that I called out Larry, all of the COVID related costs have been recorded in COGS. They're all included in that margin number. Though it's pretty clean other than the CMPs and I think the Contract Manufacturing piece  yeah, that's about it. And then within operating margin, I called out impairments of certain assets. And that's a one time.
Larry Solow: Right and you took that out on the adjusted number, right or is that in the adjusted number too, the write off.
Bernard Birkett: Sorry, I didn't 
Larry Solow: Is the write off in your adjusted number? Are you adjusted out?
Bernard Birkett: In the adjusted number, it's in there.
Larry Solow: It is in there. Okay.
Bernard Birkett: We didn't bust it out.
Larry Solow: Okay. And then you mentioned some  the increased overhead, which impacted your margins a little bit. Was that  is that written refers to FluroTec and NovaPure or that costs [ph] that hasn't come online?
Eric Green: Yeah. It's something else, I guess, right.
Bernard Birkett: Well, yeah. Well, if there's costs around PPE, there's incremental costs and supporting a lot of the workforce at our plants. We've gone to split shifts, so we're obviously paying shift premiums to keep the plants up and running. And then also there was some incremental freight costs.
Larry Solow: Right, okay, great, all right, thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Eric Green: Thank you, Larry.
Bernard Birkett: Thanks, Larry.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm not showing any further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Quintin Lai for any further remarks.
Quintin Lai: Thank you, Josh. And thank you, everyone for joining us on today's conference call. An online archive of the broadcasts will be available on our website at westpharma.com in the Investor section. Additionally, you may access a replay through Thursday July 30, by using the dial in numbers and conference ID provided at the end of todays earnings release. That concludes this call. Have a nice day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-23 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the First Quarter 2020 West Pharmaceutical Services' Earnings Conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]It is now my pleasure to introduce Vice President of Investor Relations, Quintin Lai.
Quintin Lai: Thank you, Andrew. Good morning and welcome to West's First Quarter 2020 Conference Call. We issued our financial results this morning and the release has been posted on the Investors' Section on the company's website located at westpharma.com.This morning, CEO, Eric Green, and CFO, Bernard Birkett, will review our results, provide an update on our business and present our update financial outlook for the full year 2020. There is a slide presentation that accompanies todays call and a copy of that presentation is available on the Investors Section of our website.On slide two is our Safe Harbor statements. Statements made by the management on this call and in the accompanying presentation contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. Federal Securities Law. These statements are based on our beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates, and forecasts. The companys future results are influenced by many factors beyond the control of the company and actual results could differ materially from past results, as well as those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement made here. Please refer to todays press release as well as any other disclosures made by the company regarding the risk to which it is subject, including our 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K reports.During todays call, management will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures including organic sales growth, adjusted operating profit, adjusted operating profit margin, and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in this mornings earnings release.I now turn the call over to West's CEO and President, Eric Green. Eric?
Eric Green: Thank you, Quintin, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today.The past several months have been some of the most difficult times for our communities across the world as we face challenging circumstances related to COVID 19. This pandemic has made clear the importance of global health care and the criticality of the role West plays during these unprecedented times. Our mission to improve patient lives cannot be any more meaningful than in times like today. We take great pride that for nearly 100 years we have provided innovative, high-quality products and solutions for the containment and delivery of injectable medicines. Despite the COVID-19 challenges, the West team remains focused on creating and delivering value to all our stakeholders.West has two priorities that are guiding us through this pandemic. First and foremost, we're focused on the well-being and safety of our team members across the globe. Our crisis management team was engaged at the outset implementing precautionary measures across our company to protect our teams.It seems nearly every day I learned about another great way that our team is stepping up to deliver the critical components to meet the urgent needs of our customers and their patients while looking out for the safety of one another. These moments are not only inspirational, but they serve as a testament to the collective strength of the One West team and I'm grateful for their unwavering commitment to our mission.In addition, our culture of philanthropy and community involvement has our team members offering their time, unique skills and knowledge in support of local response efforts.Turning to slide four. Our second priority is the continuity of manufacturing and supply of components and solutions to our customers. The strong tenets of our market led strategy and globalization of the manufacturing network are contributing to the resiliency of West's business in today's climate.I'm pleased to say that the growth trends we experienced throughout 2019 have continued in the first quarter and the outlook for the balance of the year remains positive.Despite the current challenges so far, we have been able to maintain operations at normal capacity. For the benefit of our customers, we have been able to leverage our world-class global manufacturing network by enabling the right capabilities, scale and flexibility to keep up the increase in demand.Because of the constantly changing environment and its effect on the economy, we conduct business impact analyses daily and make adjustments as they are required. These assessments are an integral part of our business continuity plans within each of our global sites and operations network. Throughout the past several months, we have monitored our supply chain including our close partner Daikyo and at this time, do not foresee any negative impact from direct or indirect suppliers.As the pandemic has intensified as expected we have seen an increase in customer orders in recent weeks. We are monitoring order flow to ensure that we're addressing the true demand for our products.As shown on slide five, despite today's uncertain environment, I am pleased to report that we had a strong first quarter performance and we entered the second quarter well-positioned. We had 13% organic sales growth in the first quarter largely through strong high-value product sales. This resulted in double-digit growth in adjusted EPS for the first quarter.As we enter the second quarter, the demand for our products continues to be solid from both existing customers as well as new opportunities from companies looking to develop COVID-19 solutions. Each day seems to bring new challenges; supply chain, transportation, government regulations. And I want to emphasize that across West, we're operating with a sense of urgency to address and manage these issues.Now I'll turn it over to our CFO, Bernard Birkett who will provide more detail on our first quarter financial performance. Bernard?
Bernard Birkett: Thank you, Eric and good morning. I hope everyone is healthy and safe during this time.So let's review the numbers in more detail. We'll first look at Q1 2020 revenues and profits where we saw strong sales and EPS growth led by strong revenue performance primarily in our Biologics and Generics market units and Contract Manufacturing. I will take you through the margin growth we saw in the quarter as well as some balance sheet takeaways. And finally, we'll review guidance for 2020.First up, Q1. Our financial results are summarized on slide six and the reconciliation of non-U.S. GAAP measures are described in slides 13 to 16. We recorded net sales of $491.5 million representing organic sales growth of 12.7% and 30 basis points of inorganic growth.Proprietary Products sales grew organically by 11.8% in the quarter. High-value products, which make up more than 63% of Proprietary Products sales grew double-digits and had solid momentum across all market units throughout Q1.Looking at the performance of the market units, the Biologics market unit delivered strong double-digit growth. We continue to work with many biotech and biopharma customers who are using West and Daikyo high-value product offerings.The Generics market units experienced high single-digit growth led by sales -- excuse me, of Westar and FluroTec components. Our Pharma market unit saw mid single-digit growth with sales led by high-value products and services including: Westar, NovaPure and FluroTec components. And Contract Manufacturing had double-digit organic sales growth for the first quarter led once again by sales of diagnostic and health care-related injection systems.Moving to slide seven. We continue to see improvements in gross profit. We recorded $167 million in gross profit $20 million or 13.6% above Q1 of last year and gross profit margin of 34% with a 90 basis point expansion from the same period last year.We saw improvement in adjusted operating profit with $88 million reported this quarter compared to $71.3 million in the same period last year or a 23.4% increase. Our adjusted operating profit margin of 17.9% was a 180 basis point increase from the same period last year. And finally, adjusted diluted EPS grew 36% for Q1. Excluding stock tax benefit, EPS grew by approximately 31%.So what's driving the growth in both revenue and profit? On slide eight, we show the contributions to sales growth in the quarter. Volume and mix contributed $51.1 million or 11.5 percentage points of growth. Sales price increases contributed $6.6 million or 1.5 percentage points of growth. And changes in foreign currency exchange rates reduced sales by $9.7 million or a reduction of 2.2 percentage points.Looking at margin performance, slide nine shows our consolidated gross profit margin of 34% for Q1 2020, up from 33.1% in Q1 2019. Proprietary Products' first quarter gross profit margin of 40.2% was 130 basis points above the margin achieved in the first quarter of 2019. The key drivers of the continued improvement in Proprietary Products gross profit margin were favorable mix of products sold driven by growth in high-value products.Production efficiencies and sales price increases, partially offset by increased overhead costs, Contract Manufacturing's first quarter gross profit margin of 14.3% was 30 basis points above the margin achieved in the first quarter of 2019. Our adjusted operating profit margin of 17.9% was a 180 basis point increase from the same period last year, largely attributable to our Proprietary Products' gross profit expansion.Now let's look at our balance sheet and review, how we've done in terms of generating more cash for the business. On slide 10, we have listed some key cash flow metrics. Operating cash flow was $57.1 million for the first quarter of 2020, an increase of $9.5 million compared to the same period last year, a 20% increase. Our Q1 2020 capital spending was $32.1 million, $3.3 million higher than the same period last year and in line with guidance.Working capital of $633.1 million at March 31, 2020 was $74 million lower than at December 31, 2019, primarily due to a reduction in our cash and cash equivalents. Our cash balance of March 31 of $335.3 million was $103.8 million less than our December 2019 balance, primarily due to $115 million of expenditures under our share repurchase program. Our capital and financial resources including overall liquidity remains strong.Turning to guidance. Slide 11 provides a high-level summary. Full year 2020 net sales guidance continues to be in a range of between $1.95 billion and $1.97 billion. This includes an estimated headwind of $26 million based on current foreign exchange rates, compared to prior guidance, which forecasted a $15 million headwind. We expect organic sales growth to be approximately 8%. We expect our full year 2020 reported diluted EPS guidance to be in a range of $3.52 to $3.62 compared to prior guidance of $3.45 to $3.55. Capital expenditure will be in the range of $130 million to $140 million.There are some key elements I want to bring your attention to as you review our guidance. Estimated FX headwind on EPS has an impact of approximately $0.07, based on current foreign currency exchange rates, compared to prior guidance of $0.04. The revised guidance also includes a $0.07 EPS impact from our first quarter tax benefits from stock-based compensation.So to summarize the key takeaways for the first quarter. Strong top line growth in both Proprietary and Contract Manufacturing, gross profit margin improvement, growth in operating profit margin, growth in adjusted diluted EPS and growth in operating and free cash flow, our sales and EPS projections for 2020 and performance are in line with our long-term construct of approximately 6% to 8% organic sales growth and EPS expansion.I'd now like to turn the call back over to Eric.
Eric Green: Thank you, Bernard. Our company is financially strong. Today, more than ever, the pursuit of our mission is priority and not taken for granted.West products are needed by patients across the globe and in many cases for the administration of life-saving medicines. As the market leader we are committed to ensure continuity of supply to our customers around the globe.In addition, we are supporting our many customers that are developing potential solutions to address COVID-19 with components for diagnostics, antiviral therapeutics and vaccines. We are confident in our long-term growth strategy.Although these are trying times, we are optimistic and dedicated to doing what is necessary supporting the healthcare industry, as it works to resolve this global pandemic. We will emerge from this experience collectively stronger. And on behalf of all of the team members at West, it is our wish that you stay healthy and safe, in the days ahead.Andrew, we're ready to take questions. Thank you.Question-and-Answer Session
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Larry Solow with CJS Securities.
Larry Solow: Hey good morning guys. And thanks for taking my questions and congrats on a good quarter, good start.
Eric Green: Great, thank you Larry.
Larry Solow: Just on the Proprietary sales question on that side of it. Obviously very good growth and coming from the usual suspects here. I'm particularly impressed with the margin side. And the growth side, 130 bps up, year-over-year. And I think, last year Q1 was also a very good quarter.So, on a full year basis it was up over 150 bps. I'm not asking will these trends continue. But just what -- if you peel back the onion a little bit it seems like obviously mix is driving a lot of that.And is that just mix within mix as you not only increase your high-value products percentage but maybe go up to scale within high-value products to more of like say the NovaPure and stuff like that? Can you give us a little more color on that?
Eric Green: Yes, Larry. Good morning and thank you for the question, it's good to hear your voice. You're absolutely correct. There's -- what's happening with Proprietary is really two levers are being pulled simultaneously.One is the high-value product mix effect but more importantly is that we're seeing increased growth and contribution of that growth with the products that have even higher margins. You start thinking about NovaPure, Daikyo, Crystal Zenith, even the FluroTec.And when you look at those in totality, that's roughly let's say about half of the incremental growth when it comes to the high-value products and with a much higher margin. So the mix shift is occurring through high-value products, but even more pronounced with the higher-margin subsets of that portfolio.The second lever that we are holding and the team is doing a really good job is this globalization of our operations. And as you know, we've been on this journey for a couple of years now and the team has done a phenomenal job to start implementing lean processes and initiatives across our plants which is allowing us to be more efficient and more effective and higher throughput.So the combination of both of them is giving us that type of margin expansion in Proprietary. And what excites me is if we think about the future pipeline it is around the NovaPure the FluroTec the CZ the self-injection portfolio. And that's what's really exciting as we think about the long-term growth trajectory of this business.
Larry Solow: Okay. Great, and then just switching gears if I just may on COVID-19, just sort of a couple of questions there. How do you gauge sort of surge in orders true -- versus sort of true demand any timing impact?And is the gear up in diagnostics and potential vaccines and therapies is that even -- is that moving the needle for you guys in the short run?And then lastly on, the COVID with the drop in oil -- a significant drop in oil, I realize there'll be some lag effect to that but I would assume that would benefit you guys on as we look out the next few quarters. Thanks.
Eric Green: Yes, Larry. In the COVID-19, specifically around our sales and products being introduced to support and I mentioned three areas around diagnostics, therapeutics and also vaccines. In Q1, we did not see any incremental revenue as a company due to COVID-19. We had some -- frankly Bernard can get in a little more detail, but we did have some additional costs. But what we're seeing right now and with the approach, we've taken with this -- with the market units we're able to have much more granular discussions with our customers. And as we start thinking about Q2 and Q3, we are actively working in all three corridors.To give you an example in the diagnostics our Contract Manufacturing arm of the business is currently scaling up on consumable products that are used in a couple of the devices that have been introduced in the market recently in the pipe. We won't speak about any specific customer, but these have been introduced recently into the hospitals in the clinic setting.When it comes to therapeutics there are a few that are in a market that we're already supporting and has been commercialized but they're currently, as you know, going through clinical tests to see the ability to combat COVID-19 and we're in those areas.And then lastly the vaccines, and those are a little more long-term as we look out 2021. And our FluroTec technology is a perfect candidate for the vaccine market. So it's kind of a staged approach and we'll see some of the benefit in 2020 and -- but most of it will be in 2021. You want to Bernard talk about the oil impact.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. So there are some -- there'll be a tailwind from oil, but there is also some headwinds that we're going to see to offset that. So particularly around the logistics side and on freight, we're seeing some increased costs there given the well-documented issues with getting products to customers and just the supply chain itself and the impact COVID is having on that. And then, we have also some other costs that we're absorbing in supporting our employees as we're managing through the pandemic. We saw some of it in Q1 and there were some primarily showed up in our CM gross margin, which was probably impacted most by that. But I think, again, we will see some benefit, but there are other headwinds and offsets there.
Larry Solow: Got it. Okay. Great. Thank you guys. Appreciate it.
Eric Green: Thank you, Larry.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Paul Knight with Janney.
Paul Knight: Hi. Eric, could you talk about what you need to do to minimize the risk of a facility shutdown. I know, you're operating in effectively a clean room operation in many sites. But do you have to go another step higher? And you do alternate shifts? What do you to reduce your risk for these facilities?
Eric Green: Yes. Thank you, Paul, and good morning. No, you're absolutely correct. We took a very proactive approach months ago when we started to see what we learned from our colleagues in Asia, particularly in our Qingpu facility in China, and also in South -- and Singapore. What we've done is we've taken a -- there's multiple steps that we've taken. One is the split shifts to minimize -- as they did the shift handovers minimize interaction so that social distancing is very important. Also, temperature monitoring. We also put a program in place that only essential employees were allowed to go into the facility. So you can imagine at our plants all the 25 plants around the world we have very important roles, but these are individuals that actually can work from remotely, and so we put that in place immediately.One other element we put in place is we really focused on ensuring that when our colleagues are not feeling well or there's some question about their health that they don't feel pressure to come into the office. So we relaxed some of our attendance policies. We improved. We expanded our compensation, if somebody had to stay home for a period of time with the COVID taking care of themselves and/or their family members.So those are many different levers that we put in place and to ensure that people are in the plants should be in the plants and also mitigating any risk that we have for maybe coming from the outside. This crisis management team we put in place is monitoring it daily. We can tell you, if there's absenteeism issues in any particular site.And I am very pleased and actually humbled on how well the absenteeism is very low in multiple sites. And I know in Europe it went up slightly, but it came back down to normal rates in the last several weeks, which is a real testament and our employees really understand the purpose of why we're doing this and to support the community.So, there's a lot of levers that we pull, Paul. It's not just one solution there's many. And we're not going to let off on the intensity of this -- of our approach, because we cannot afford to have an issue at a point.
Paul Knight: And lastly regarding could you tell if there was stocking going on in the industry in Q1?
Eric Green: Yes, Paul. We do not see stock and I'll tell you why. You know our business very well, it's that, we're really make to order. So November and December is really the time period of when we look at Q1 demand that we need to manufacture over the following three to four months.I will tell you this though. In recent weeks the conversations have intensified where customers are coming to us and that's where our commercial organization has done a great job of categorizing and working with customers to alleviate their concerns not to do increasing safety stock, because our lead times have not increased, because of the global network that we put in place.So and we were able to categorize any incremental revenues is it due to vaccines, therapeutics, supporting therapies, hospital enablement, and also frankly increasing safety stocks and that's what we're keeping an eye on at this point in time. That has been as pronounced. We've learned our lesson back in 2015 and 2016. And so we're very conscious of that and we have the right programs in place to monitor and manage through this.
Paul Knight: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Windley with Jefferies.
Danlei Yan: Hi. Good morning. This is Danlei Yan for Dave. Thanks for taking our question. I think you mentioned in Proprietary Products that your mix is improving toward higher-margin HVPs. And I want to hone in on NovaPure a little bit. Can you give us a sense of how large that is as a percentage of Proprietary Products? And what the growth is? And then is the growth being driven by existing products or an expansion of the product portfolio in that line?
Eric Green: Danlei, it's twofold. One is, it's expanding the NovaPure or Nova brand portfolio with additional products and capabilities. But it is -- if you think about NovaPure, it's actually close to a double for an absolute dollar value during the quarter and that's a trend that we're currently seeing that started back in late 2018 and 2019.I'll give you an example one new product portfolio we launched with NovaPure is a one with 3 ml, which we believe -- plunger which we believe can continue to help have this growth rate continue. And we have a very high participation rate on NDAs. So this is a very positive portfolio, and -- but there's a lot of runway ahead of us in that area.
Bernard Birkett: And we've also seen growth in other high-value products. So with CZ, FluroTec, RU, self-injection systems. So we've seen growth -- strong growth in all of those areas through Q1 and it's represented in many of the -- in the various market units. It's not just in one market unit.
Danlei Yan: Great. Thanks for the detail. I had maybe a follow-up question. The company had a really strong first quarter, but revenue guidance was reaffirmed. And so I was wondering if you could give us some of the puts and takes of that guiding in the context of how strong Q1 was?
Eric Green: Yes. I want to -- let me start and then Bernard will talk a little more about the puts and takes. I just want to caution. I mean absolutely when you think about -- if you look at the resiliency of the business and how the team is executing well under these circumstances and I do truly believe the tenets that we put in place are market led the globalization of the operations digitization, which is allowing us to get better analytics and real-time information it's really allowing us to drive growth. And we saw that -- similar growth in Q1. We saw that in Q4 last year. And so we believe it's a continuation.But frankly speaking the operating environment that everybody is in today is difficult. And so we want to be -- from my point of view, we want to be prudent and stick with what we've guided. I know there's some additional elements to that that Bernard will go through and we'll get more data points over the next several weeks and months so that we -- next time we have this call, we can get better information on how the trajectory will go for the balance of the year.Bernie you want to give some puts and takes.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. And the other piece on that you've got to remember is the FX headwind that we have forecasted has moved from $15 million to $26 million. So if you take that into account and we're absorbing that while maintaining guidance between $1.95 billion and $1.97 billion. So essentially it is raising guidance on revenue. And as Eric said, it's still early in the year. We're in unprecedented times with a lot of unknowns out there.So, again, we felt it was the right thing to do to maintain where we are and see how the remainder of the year progresses. But what we're seeing is that our order book is solid. Our manufacturing and operation units are functioning as they should and in line with our expectations and we weathered some storms in the first quarter. But again I don't think it's appropriate to raise it much higher at this point. You've got to think -- you've got to remember that piece on the FX.
Danlei Yan: Great. Got it. Thanks for the color.
Bernard Birkett: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Juan Avendano with Bank of America.
Juan Avendano: Hi. Hello, good morning. Congrats on the quarter and thank you for the role that you're playing through this pandemic.
Eric Green: Thank you. We really appreciate that.
Juan Avendano: I guess my first question is you used to give us an update annually on your participation rate across your different customer segments. Can you give us such an update for 2019 across biologics, generics and pharma?And related to this question I know that this is a long-term opportunity on the COVID-19 vaccines but what participation rate do you anticipate to have among COVID-19 drugs and vaccines that are currently in development?
Eric Green: Yes. Juan on the participation rate last year in 2019, I'll put it this way. Our biologics participation rate is higher than it has been or equal to a little bit higher. So it's close to 100% as we get. And then in the generics and in the pharma space they actually improved. So our participation rate is -- it continued to improve.In regards to COVID-19 specifically around vaccine as customer, we won't give out customer names. But I can tell you that we're on many of the products that we currently develop and we'll be going into clinical trials hopefully soon that we can participate on that. I think reason why we have a good, very strong participation rate in vaccines is one of the characteristics is required is the coating on the elastomer. And the FluroTec technology is a market-leading technology. So we're feeling really good in that regard.Secondly around that when we start thinking about the criticality or the urgency to get these materials manufactured, it gives us the ability to flex our global operations. And as we're building 40-plus billion components a year, the demand on vaccines while it's important it's a good size, it's not going to be too much of a challenge considering we have multiple sites that can produce these products using FluroTec's technology. So that's how I would look at it from the vaccine perspective for the participation rate.
Juan Avendano: Got it. Thank you. Your backlog of committed orders on Proprietary Products, it did increase by 44% year-over-year in 2019 according to your 10-K that you filed. I was wondering, if you could give us an update on your backlog of Proprietary Products orders that are committed as of the end of the first quarter? What the magnitude of the change has been? And can you remind us what your average production lead time is from the time you receive an order until you produce it and ship it?
Eric Green: Yes. So we won't update the quarterly number but I can say it's solid. It's consistent. In fact with some of the discussions that we're having in regards to products used for therapeutics and/or vaccines that would ensure that that number stays solid.I think from a range of lead times I think the team has done a great job if you think about where we are today and we monitor this on a very -- on a weekly basis. We're about eight to 11 weeks on average. It does -- it is based on the product and the additional capabilities that we provide around that. But I would say, we're pretty stable at 8 weeks to 11 weeks at this point in time.
Juan Avendano: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Bernard Birkett: You got to also take into account that the order patterns from customers is changing slightly. Customers are actually placing longer orders with us. So they're not -- it's not just one or two quarters. It's actually our over three, four quarters and maybe beyond. So the real positive for that is that it gives us a lot of greater visibility and being able to meet customer demand within the lead times of the 8 weeks to 11 weeks on average.
Juan Avendano: Okay. Good. Can you tell us what's embedded in your guidance -- revenue guidance for 2020 as far as the outlook by customer segment? I mean Biologics Generics and Pharma. What growth revenue growth do you expect?
Bernard Birkett: So on Biologics, we're looking at double-digit growth. Pharma will be low to mid-single digits. And then Generics is mid to high single-digit growth. Contract Manufacturing will be high single digits possibly early double-digit growth.
Juan Avendano: Got it. Thank you. It seems that the pricing contribution in the sales revenue growth in 1Q was 1.5 percentage points, which is a little bit higher than your historical average. Can you talk about the pricing dynamics on high-value products maybe and your components? And how much pricing you can get given this environment?
Eric Green: Yes. I think when you look at pricing, it's plus or minus 1% historically after the last three or four years. You're right it's -- at 1.5 it's a little more on the higher end of that. So it's a very -- it's not a big variance. But I think what we're seeing right now is when you think about the growth that we're seeing in high-value products particularly the areas that Bernard and I spoke of these tend to be new molecules.So when we bring a customer on to those products, the price contribution doesn't kick-in until a year or two later, right? So that anniversary is out from a new product status. So we're about 1.5 in the first quarter. It'll be plus or minus of that going forward. And I think we're able to maintain our pricing structure when you consider that our focus is to convert more customers to the higher end of high-value products.
Juan Avendano: Okay. Good. And my last one if I may. I mean not to nitpick, I mean, you're getting good margin expansion driven by your high-value product conversion and the good organic growth on Proprietary Products. But the gross margin did come in a little bit light relative to my estimate on the Contract Manufactured product segment. I guess, my question is when could we see mid to high teens gross margin in that segment relative to how it was before -- 2017 and before?
Bernard Birkett: Yes. In Q1, we had some costs that we absorbed within well -- across all our operational units and there was a particular impact in CM regarding supporting employees as we go through COVID-19. So we have incurred some costs there. And that was a decision by management and it was the right decision to do that. If we exclude those costs and if business as normal our margin in CM would have been north of 15%.The impact on the Proprietary business was a lot less. But -- so that gives us encouragement to know that we're on the right track and our teams are delivering within Contract Manufacturing to get to the mid to high teens. We will be making progress throughout 2020 and into early 2021. But we are on the right track. That there were -- it was onetime cost.
Juan Avendano: Okay. Sounds good. Thank you very much and I will follow-up offline. Congratulations.
Bernard Birkett: Thanks, Juan.
Eric Green: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Courtney Owens with William Blair.
Courtney Owens: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Eric Green: Good morning, Courtney.
Courtney Owens: Good morning. My first question is around the updated kind of top line guidance. I know you kind of answered this a little bit earlier for somebody else's question, but just wanted to kind of talk more about like on the organic side. So, you guys started the year very strong. And I think in your prepared remarks Eric you said that you guys didn't really see any COVID-related revenues yet in Q1. So it's probably hard to say from your vantage point, but is really I guess if you kind of look at the rest of the year that confidence that you have that you guys will be towards the higher end of your organic or your long-term organic guidance of that 6% to 8%, is that driven by just like the base demand for the business? Or is it more so related to the COVID-related like incremental demand? Or kind of if you have to pick between that mix which side does it more fall on that you have that confidence that you'll get to that 8% as opposed to the 7% to 8% that you guys talked about last quarter? Thanks.
Eric Green: Yes. Courtney I would say that the confidence is on the base business on the core business. We are aware of additional opportunities when it comes to the COVID-19 and the solutions that our customers are working towards. But that's a fluid and dynamic environment in regards to which therapies -- or therapeutics and/or vaccines will get through and at what time. And so when we have better visibility and clarity around that then we'll bring that into the discussion.On the CM side, it's a little bit higher in Q1 that we -- than we traditionally would see. And I think that will come down a little bit going back to what Bernard said earlier the full year probably looking at high-single-digits, maybe touching the 10% mark. But on the Proprietary side, the underlying core business, if you look at Q1 and Q4 of last year and the momentum that has been built up on the core, it's been relatively consistent. So it gives me confidence that the guidance that Bernard walked us through is really taking a lot of the opportunity to pull the 2019 out.
Bernard Birkett: And it's hard to estimate like that. Now there's a lot of discussions around COVID that -- and we need to see something more concrete, and it'll probably get more visibility as we progress through the second quarter here. And we'll give you a better insight into that I think on our Q2 call. But it's still early. There's a lot of moving pieces in that area.
Courtney Owens: Okay. Got it. Thanks guys.
Eric Green: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm showing no further questions at this time. So with that, I'll turn the call back over to Quintin Lai for closing remarks.
Quintin Lai: Thank you, Andrew. Thank you for joining us on today's conference call. An online archive of the broadcast will be available on our website at westpharma.com in the Investors' section. Additionally you may access a replay through Thursday April 30 by using the dial-in numbers and conference ID provided at the end of today's earnings release. That concludes this call today. Stay safe, stay healthy. Have a nice day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-13 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Q4 2019 West Pharmaceutical Services Earnings Conference call. Please be advised that todays conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today Quintin Lai, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead, sir.
Quintin Lai: Thank you, Gigi. Good morning and welcome to West fourth quarter and full year 2019 conference call. We issued our financial results this morning and the release has been posted in the Investors Section on the companys website located at www.westpharma.com. This morning, CEO, Eric Green, and CFO, Bernard Birkett, will review our results, provide an update on our business and present our financial outlook for the full year 2019. There is a slide presentation that accompanies todays call and a copy of that presentation is available on the Investors Section of our website. On Slide 2 is the Safe Harbor statements. Statements made by the management on this call and in the accompanying presentation contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. Federal Securities Law. These statements are based on our beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates, and forecasts. The companys future results are influenced by many factors beyond the control of the company and actual results could differ materially from past results as well as those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement made here. Please refer to todays press release as well as any other disclosures made by the company regarding the risk to which is the subject, including our 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K reports. During todays call, the management will also make reference to non-GAAP financial measures including organic sales growth, adjusted operating profit, adjusted operating profit margin, and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in this mornings earnings release. Ill now turn the call over to Wests CEO and President, Eric Green.
Eric Green: Thank you, Quintin, and good morning to everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Im pleased to report that we had a strong finish to 2019, and were entering 2020 with good momentum, thanks to the solid execution of our Market-Led strategy. Overall, our 2019 performance demonstrated the favorable market conditions and durability of our business. The commitment and focus of our One West team is delivering superior value to customers. Through our high-quality products and solutions is what differentiates West as the global leader for containment and delivery of injectable medicines. We ended the year with 13% organic sales growth in the fourth quarter and 10% for the full year. We expand growth and operating profit margins largely through strong high-value product sales growth and great results from our global operations initiatives. This resulted in double-digit growth in adjusted EPS for the fourth quarter and full year 2019, and we generated strong year-over-year growth in operating cash flow. As we enter 2020, were building on the positive momentum we generated in 2019. We are introducing full year 2020 financial guidance that assumes organic sales growth of 7% to 8%, which is at the upper end of our usual 6% to 8% range. Were also forecasting double-digit earnings growth, adjusted for tax benefits from stock-based compensation. Bernard will go into greater detail on our 2020 guidance shortly. Slide 4 shows a detailed summary of the sales performance in 2019. Proprietary Product sales grew organically by 14.7% in the quarter. High-value products, which make up more than 60% of Proprietary Product sales grew double digits and had solid momentum across all market units throughout the year. Lets take a look at the performance of the market units for the quarter. Starting with biologics. This market unit delivered strong double-digit growth. Our biologic customers from emerging biotech to large biopharma continue to come to West and our partner, Daikyo, as the preferred choice for high-value product offerings. This is reinforced by the very high participation rate we continue to experience with all new biologic and biosimilar approvals in 2019. The generics market unit finished the year on a solid note with double-digit growth in the fourth quarter, led by sales of Westar components and products from our self-injection delivery platforms. As we have discussed in past calls, our self-injection delivery platforms are being adopted by not only biologic customers but also by small molecule generic customers looking to differentiate their drugs with our devices. Our pharma market unit saw double-digit growth in the fourth quarter, strong high-value product sales growth was a driver combined with a favorable year-over-year comparison due to the impact from the previously reported voluntary recall of our Vial2Bag product. And Contract Manufacturing ended the year with high single-digit organic sales growth for the fourth quarter, led once again by sales of health care-related injection and diagnostic devices. On Slide 5, we have several exciting product launches that positions the company for continued growth, such as NovaPure 3 ml cartridge components that satisfy an unmet market need with the increase in sensitive biologic products being developed in dosages larger than 1 ml. We expanded our self-injection platform with SmartDose Gen. II injector with a patient experience in mind, enabling subcu delivery of high-viscosity drugs at dosages up to 10 mls. We also introduced an advanced elastomer formulation, which enhances performance and reliability featuring Westar Select quality and low particulate levels, while mitigating risk for our customers. And we launched AccelTRA Select, a line of products that provides generic customers with high quality, ready-to-use components with market-leading delivery times. Turning to Slide 6. We outlined our One West global operations strategy and management system. Operating with the excellence and efficiency that is inherent in our One West system has enabled our success and growth in 2018, and will do so for the foreseeable future. Our global operations team had another excellent year. The team is focused on continuous improvements related to service, quality and safety, while at the same time, driving efficiency gains. Over the past year, we completed the restructuring program that was announced in early 2018 and reduced our global manufacturing footprint to 25 sites. We are improving productivity, making more informed choices in capital investments and have set the stage for the next phase of improvements through automation and advanced manufacturing systems. The efficiencies we have gained by employing this new global operating system has meant we have additional cash available to reinvest in the business. Highlighted on Slide 7 are investments we completed in 2019 that will drive growth going forward. The acquisition of our Korean distributor creates a direct presence for West and a market seeing strong growth, especially in biologic drug manufacturing. We also increased a minority stake to 49% in Daikyo Seiko, Japan. After more than 40 years of partnership, we know that our two companies share a unique, committed to science, quality and technical expertise that continues to prove valuable to the customers and patients we serve together. In addition, in 2019, we enhanced our global digital capabilities with the opening of our Digital Technology Center in India. The DTC serves as a center of excellence for our global digital and transformation team, supporting many areas of our business, including digital marketing, data analytics and supporting the future of digital manufacturing and automation capabilities. Driving sustainable business practices has been a long-standing imperative at West, as shown on Slide 8. In 2019, we received several accolades for our efforts across the six pillars of our corporate responsibility program. At West, we are committed to nurturing a culture of diversity and inclusion along with supporting the communities in which our team members live and work through both philanthropy and sustainable business practices. We made great strides in both areas in 2019. Now, Ill turn it over to our CFO, Bernard Birkett, who will provide more detail on our financial performance, 2020 guidance and our long-term outlook. Bernard?
Bernard Birkett: Thank you, Eric, and good morning, everybody. Lets review the numbers in more detail. Well first look at Q4 2019 revenues and profits, where we saw strong sales and EPS growth led by strong revenue performance in all four market units. I will take you through the margin growth we saw in the quarter as well as some year-end balance sheet takeaways. And finally, well review guidance for 2020. First up, Q4. Our financial results are summarized on Slide 9, and the reconciliation of non-U.S. GAAP measures are described in Slides 15 to 20. We recorded net sales of $470.6 million, representing organic sales growth of 12.7% and 30 basis points of inorganic growth. We also saw double-digit organic sales growth in our three Proprietary Product market units and high single-digit organic sales growth in contract manufacturing. For the full year, we recorded net sales of $1.84 billion, representing organic sales growth of 10% and 10 basis points of inorganic growth. We continue to see improvement in gross profit. We recorded $153.2 million in gross profit, $20 million or 15% above Q4 of last year, and our gross profit margin of 32.5% was 100 basis point expansion from the same period last year. Gross profit margin for the full year of 32.9% was a 110 basis point expansion from the previous year. We saw improvement in adjusted operating profit with $73.1 million recorded this quarter compared to $67.1 million in the same period last year for a 9% increase. Our adjusted operating profit margin of 15.5% was a 40 basis point reduction from the same period last year. As mentioned on our Q3 call, SG&A expenses for Q4 2018 were low due to the release of bonuses, primarily as a result of the Vial2Bag recall. Adjusting for this, we would have seen adjusted operating profit margin expand by approximately 100 basis points. Adjusted operating profit margin of 16.1% for the year was 160 basis points increase from 2018. Finally, adjusted diluted EPS grew 12% for the quarter and approximately 15% for the year. Excluding stock tax benefit, EPS grew by approximately 13% for the quarter and 18% for the full year. So whats driving the growth in both revenue and profit? On Slide 10, we show the contribution to sales growth in the quarter. Volume and mix contributed $51.7 million or 12.2 percentage points of growth. Sales price increases contributed $3.3 million or 0.8 percentage points of growth and changes in foreign currency exchange rates reduced sales by $6.9 million or a reduction of 1.6 percentage points. Looking at margin performance. Slide 11 shows our consolidated gross profit margin of 32.5% for Q4 2019, up from 31.5% in Q4 2018. Proprietary Products fourth quarter gross profit margin of 38% was 100 basis points above the margin achieved in the fourth quarter of 2018. Proprietary Products full year gross profit of 38.6% was 150 basis points above the margin achieved in 2018. The key drivers for the continued improvement in Proprietary Products gross profit margin for the fourth quarter were a favorable mix of products sold, production efficiencies and sales price increases, partially offset by increased overhead costs. Our high-value products represented 63% of Q4 Proprietary Product sales and generated double-digit organic sales growth. Contract Manufacturing fourth quarter gross profit margin of 16.4% was flat compared to the prior year quarter, however, we saw Contract Manufacturing margins show sequential quarter-over-quarter improvement. Now, lets look at our balance sheet and review how weve done in terms of generating more cash for the business. On Slide 12, we have listed some key cash flow metrics. Operating cash flow of $367.2 million for the full year 2019, an increase of $78.6 million compared to the full year 2018 and a 27% increase. Our 2019 capital spending was $126.4 million, $21.7 million higher than a year ago but in line with guidance. Working capital of $717.1 million at December 31, 2019, was $106.4 million higher than at December 31, 2018, primarily due to an increase in our cash and cash equivalents. Our cash balance at December31 of $439.1 million was $101.7 million more than our December 2018 balance, primarily due to improved operating results. Turning to guidance. Slide 13 provides a high-level summary. We expect our full year 2020 net sales guidance to be in a range of between $1.95 billion and $1.97 billion, including an estimated headwind of $15 million based on current foreign exchange rates. We expect organic sales growth to be in a range of 7% to 8%. We expect our full year 2020 reported diluted EPS guidance to be in a range of $3.45 to $3.55, and capital expenditures will be in the range of $130 million to $140 million. There are some key elements I want to bring your attention to as you review our EPS guidance. Estimated FX headwind has an impact of approximately $0.04 based on current foreign currency exchange rates, and it also includes  it also excludes future tax benefits from stock-based compensation. To summarize the key takeaways for the year, strong top line growth in both Proprietary and Contract Manufacturing; gross profit margin improvement; growth in operating profit margin; growth in adjusted diluted EPS and growth in full year 2019 operating and free cash flow. Our sales and EPS projections for 2020 and performance are in line with our long-term construct of continued organic sales growth and operating margin and EPS expansion. Id now like to turn the call back over to Eric.
Eric Green: Thank you, Bernard. Our execution in 2019 has positioned us well for the year ahead. Were making significant progress on many fronts. Our Market-Led strategy is delivering unique value propositions to our customers. Our global operations team is delivering efficiencies and improvements in service and quality, and were reinvesting in our business with digital technology, automation across our operations and strategic partnerships to fuel our future growth. Our mission to improve patient lives propels us each and every day. We do not take this for granted. We realize that our products are used by millions of patients across the globe on a daily basis, which is why were so dedicated to continuously improving our capabilities. As we look to the future and the new drugs that are being launched by our customers, we know that West will play an integral part in bringing those medicines to market. We are committed in the growth strategy. Were excited about the opportunities ahead of us, and we look forward to a successful 2020. Gigi, were ready to take questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Paul Knight from Janney Montgomery. Your line is now open.
Paul Knight: Hi, guys. Congratulations on the quarter. Could you talk to, Eric, where  what you  what capacity expansions you are targeting? Is it more space in Waterford, et cetera? And then, I guess, the first question really should be, where do you think you are with your Six Sigma program that youve implemented? Was last year, your first full year of it? Or was it your first year, you really thought it was gaining traction? Could you talk about kind of where you are with that program in your mind? And then the question on where the CapEx is going.
Eric Green: Okay. First of all, thank you, Paul. Absolutely, I think were early in the stage of lean implementations across the globe. Ive had the chance to travel to a number of our sites, as you know, across the globe and have continuously impressed on the momentum, the focus, the energy and the capabilities have launched this One West Lean improvement system. So, Id say we are in early stages, but were seeing some excellent traction as we go forward. And I expect that this is not just a onetime impact, but this is an annual benefit that well see going forward and just puts us in a much better position as we think about future investments for West. In regards to capacity expansions, what were looking at and what were investing towards is more expansion of capacity on current existing platforms. To give you an example, were investing in additional growth capacity in Crystal Zenith over what amount insert needle, pre-filled strings out of Scottsdale. Were also investing in further expansions in the self-injection devices of SelfDose and SmartDose based on current demand that we have committed by customers. So, these type of investments will continue to go into our high-value products like Kinston, Waterford, in other locations around the globe. But these  its less than land and buildings. Its more about technology, automation and more modular cell manufacturing.
Paul Knight: Thank you very much.
Eric Green: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Windley from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
David Windley: Hi, thanks. Congratulations on a really strong year. Appreciate you for taking my questions, and one of those is follow-up to Paul. Come at this CapEx spending a little bit different. Youve talked really from the time Bernard joined, the CapEx budget has come down pretty dramatically, hit maybe a lower point than we expected in 2018, up a little bit in 2019. I think your 7% target means it goes up another $15 million or $17 million in 2020. Can you talk maybe about the additional context of what is  not only where that  those dollars are going, as you just answered, but whats driving the reincrease of those dollars?
Bernard Birkett: Hi, good morning, Dave. Its pretty much  the spend is pretty much in line with the percentage of revenues between 2019 to 2020, were pretty close. And when we look at the opportunities that are in front of us, more than half of that CapEx budget is going to be focused on growth opportunities, which tie back to the ones Eric have just spoken about. So, its driven by customer land and customer interest. So, we typically spend between $40 million to $50 million on maintenance CapEx. And on IT, were looking at about $10 million to $15 million. So, the balance is really on all growth opportunities. And again, its an on expanding capacity, primarily through introducing you spend on equipment.
David Windley: Got it. And then kind of related to that, the digital rollout, I think automation kind of just would be  become part of that definition. We, in a trip, saw that Kinston is kind of a base case for that. I wondered if you could talk about what you see as the timeframe for rolling out some automated manufacturing through some of your other key sites. And then what like margin benefit, and what kind of efficiency power that has for the business as you do that?
Eric Green: Yes. No, David. We implemented, as you know, the automated work cell in Kinston. Last year, we had it as a pilot and validated with the customers. Were actually  in 2020, were expanding that capability, and were looking at three additional locations in Ireland, Germany and also in Singapore to allow us to have more reach to certain products and certain customers across the globe. So, were actually quite encouraged by the initial success weve had in 2019, and well be expanding that as we go forward. Whats really also important is that the digital aspect of that with the team that weve built in India, theyre able to actually start capturing the data and making it much more effective and efficient as we go forward. So Bernie, you want to talk a little bit about the  on this?
Bernard Birkett: Yes. So Dave, its a multiyear process, and we have developed automation for some of our product lines, and we will continue to further develop that over the next number of years, and it will be rolled out on a phased basis. And the objective of doing that is, obviously, is to create more efficiencies and support the long-term construct that we have of driving 100 basis points improvement year-over-year. And so its to facilitate that and also to keep up with the demand that were seeing from our customers and also to drive higher quality. So, automation brings us a number of benefits. And again, though, it is a multiyear process.
David Windley: Got it. Last quick question on the  could you quantify  maybe you did and I missed it. But could you quantify the benefit to EPS in 2019 from stock comp that would be equivalent to kind of what youre  its not the right way to ask it. But the benefit from stock comp that youre not including in 2020 guidance?
Bernard Birkett: For the year, it was about $0.14 in 2019.
David Windley: Okay, great. Thank you.
Bernard Birkett: Thank you, Dave.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Larry Solow from CJS Securities. Your line is now open.
Larry Solow: Great. Just a real quick follow-up. The $0.14 the year for the stock comp benefit, what was it in the quarter?
Eric Green: Yes, $0.02.
Larry Solow: $0.02, okay, great.
Eric Green: Yes.
Larry Solow: Okay, great. So just taking a step back. So really great quarter, great  obviously, the outlook. Just looking on the Proprietary segment. A little bit surprised on the generic side that you have high single digits for the full year and double-digit growth in the quarter. Do you see that continuing? And what is driving that? And the second part of the question, can you give us a little update on AccelTRA and how thats progressing? Is that still sort of in the early stages?
Eric Green: Yes. So, Larry, thank you for that. We are seeing a couple of key drivers in the generic space. We do believe  we think long term, we always talk about mid- to high single-digit growth in the generic space. And what were seeing is very strong high-value product, which is being led by a couple areas. One is, as you pointed out, the transition, the work were  we have around AccelTRA and moving customers from standard to high-value product portfolio. The second area were seeing an uptick and the demand are around self-injection, the platform. And in particularly, when you start thinking about SmartDose and SelfDose. So theres an uptake demand that we see right now that we  were pretty confident as we go forward, well continue to see that growth. So Im pleased with the success of generics. But for the full year of 2019, we saw the growth, not just with the large generic clients, but also the mid- to small customers also, which is very encouraging, that were increasing penetration.
Larry Solow: Great. And you mentioned SmartDose, obviously, accelerating a lot of  a lot more trials, I guess, getting underway. Last quarter, you spoke about some pretty good momentum in CZ, I think to date through Q3 you had five approvals. Could you maybe just give us a little update on how CZ is going and outlook into 2020?
Eric Green: Yes. Thats one of the areas were investing in actually manufacturing expansion as we speak because demand is pushing our limits on capacity. So, we are currently in process of expanding capacity in our facilities, and were very encouraged with the number of not just products that of not just products that have just been approved and launched, but also whats in the pipeline. So, it does go back to  unfortunately, it goes back a few years ago. We talked about, once you get one or two clients comfortable, when you commercialize, theres been a wave of interest and especially with the sensitivity of new biologics coming to the market where Crystal Zenith is the real  the true configuration that theyre looking for long term.
Larry Solow: Okay, great. And then just on the margin expansion. Obviously, you had, I think, 160 bps you mentioned for the year, a little more than 100 on the growth side. As we look out and with the restructuring, do you see in 2020, I assume youre still sort of targeting that 100 bps plus overall margin expansion. Do you see it favoring the gross profit line more than operating expense line or any color on that?
Eric Green: Yes. So, we  again, a lot of it is just driven by mix and high-value products. And then thats supported with improvements and efficiencies. So, we would look at probably 70% to 80% of the growth coming on the gross margin line and then the balance coming from leveraging OpEx.
Larry Solow: Okay. And then in the years past, SG&A has been a little bit back-end loaded. It was not  the prior year is a little bit more  a little more flat. Can you maybe just give us any color you have on sort of cadence of the year for that?
Eric Green: Yes. Were  the way were managing SG&A is to keep it pretty consistent quarter-over-quarter, we shouldnt have very large spikes. And if there are any spike on account, we will attempt to call them out before they actually happen to give you visibility on that. But you could see that the way it was managed throughout 2019, it was pretty consistent quarter-over-quarter.
Larry Solow: Okay. And then just last question on the high-value products. I think that you said over 60% of revenue dollars. Can you tell us what was in terms of volume, and Proprietary Products, or as the whole company, you want to tell there?
Bernard Birkett: Yes, when you  with that type of growth that were experiencing strong double digits, its a little over 100 basis points increase from prior year.
Larry Solow: Got it, great. Thanks, Eric. Appreciate it.
Eric Green: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Juan Avendano from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Juan Avendano: Hey, guys. Congrats on the quarter and guidance as well in 2020. I had a few questions. I guess, you ended 2019 pretty strong, I guess, now I think that it would be appropriate or if you could please give us an update on the market penetration levels for high-value products overall and across some of your images, including Westar, FluroTec, Envision, NovaPure? At what level do you see that going to?
Eric Green: Yes. Juan, thank you for participating. I think when we look at the high-value product portfolio and where the penetration is, youre absolutely correct. If you look at majority of the revenues are more of the products we introduced several years ago. And you think about NovaPure, which has been launched, but the uptake is significant. In fact, thats the other area of capacity expansion we have going on, both in U.S. and Europe to keep up with demand. So while the percentage is, lets say its smaller, like, i.e., less than 10% of the high-value product portfolio, its going to be much more meaningful over the next few years to come. So, were really confident of the runway we have ahead of us and the penetration of when we go from Envision all the way up to NovaPure, through what we see in the pipeline will only increase. And thats really all I can say at this point in time. We believe its a double-digit growth portfolio, driven by the high-value products on the NovaPure, higher-end products of that portfolio, and its going to be about 100-plus basis point volume expansion every year just to keep up with that demand.
Juan Avendano: Okay, good. And I guess, well see this when you file your 10-K. But can you give us an idea of how your backlog of committed orders and Proprietary Products ending 2019 compares to 2018?
Bernard Birkett: We continue to see that grow. Were seeing a lot of strong demand. And again, its across  particularly in the biologics space. And based on a number of the products that Eric has spoken about. So  and that  you know that when we talk about confidence, thats where were getting a lot of our confidence from is the growth in that order book.
Juan Avendano: Okay. And regarding the Vial2Bag recall, how is the solution of this matter going? And have you included any Vial2Bag revenue in your 2020 guidance?
Bernard Birkett: We have not included anything in our 2020 guidance, and thats primarily based on the approval process and the regulatory process of getting back into the market. Some of that is outside of our control. So we just took a conservative approach on that to step back and say, well, when we get regulatory approval, then well add it into our guidance. Again, we dont want to be making excuses after the fact.
Juan Avendano: Okay. And I might have missed this but how many basis points of operating margin expansion are you looking to realize in 2020? Whats embedded in your guidance?
Bernard Birkett: In the guidance is an implying  implied range between 90 to 120.
Juan Avendano: 90 to 120 and my last one, Im sorry, but given the strength that youre seeing in Crystal Zenith and the fact that youre spending CapEx to build capacity there. I guess, if you could tell us what was  what is the revenue of Proprietary delivery devices, I guess, that you had in 4Q? And how do you see that in 2020?
Eric Green: Hey, Juan, we dont break it down to that level. But what we can say is that the Proprietary devices grew strong double digits.
Juan Avendano: Okay. The last update I got was about $40 million a quarter was the run rate a couple of years ago. And so, I mean, are you significantly above that now?
Bernard Birkett: Well, that part of the business has been growing really strong double digits. So yes, were significantly higher than that.
Juan Avendano: Okay. Thank you.
Bernard Birkett: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Courtney Owens from William Blair. Your line is now open.
Courtney Owens: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Eric Green: Good morning, Courtney.
Courtney Owens: Good morning. In the press release, you guys mentioned the small acquisition contribution. Can you expand on like what that actually was this quarter? I dont know, I guess, like what the acquisition was, not with the contribution. But, yes.
Eric Green: Right. So, we had two  well, actually, one investment from an acquisition point of view is small, but it was done in Q2 of  earlier of 2018. We just call out the contribution that has had on the quarters following the close of that acquisition. Its GIS Korea, which is our entry strategy into the Korean marketplace. So now, we have a direct presence that were going directly to the biopharma manufacturers in that region.
Courtney Owens: Got it. Okay. And then just if you could talk about any M&A opportunities or priorities that you guys kind of considering or looking towards over the next 12 months, that would be great as well.
Eric Green: Well, one thing I can comment there is that well continuously look at the landscape and see what assets, if available, would make sense to be part of West that enables us to provide a more comprehensive solution to our customers. So I cant comment any further about any of the specific targets, but we are constantly looking at the horizon, saying what would be the right fit with West.
Courtney Owens: Okay, thanks. And then my last question, the Contract Manufacturing segment came in a little bit stronger than we were expecting this quarter. I know you kind of talked about, I guess, the dynamics in the Proprietary business that drove that gross margin expansion. Can you talk a little bit about kind of what were the drivers behind the sequential expansion in the Contract Manufacturing business?
Bernard Birkett: Its purely accelerated customer demand coming from specific customers. And the really positive thing was that West was able to respond quickly to that customer demand and supply it when it was needed. And so its  again, its just purely demand in that market. And it was a little bit stronger than we would have expected it to be. But again, the positive thing is we were able to respond to that.
Courtney Owens: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Bernard Birkett: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I am showing no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Quintin Lai for closing remarks.
Quintin Lai: Thanks, Gigi and thank you, everyone, for joining us on todays conference call. An online archive of the broadcast will be available on our website at westpharma.com in the Investors section. Additionally, you can access a replay through Thursday, February 20 by dialing the numbers and conference ID at the end of todays earnings release. So that concludes this call. Have a nice day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-24 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Q3 2019 West Pharmaceutical Services Earnings Conference call. [Operator Instructions]I would now like turn this conference call to Mr. Quintin Lai. You may begin.
Quintin Lai: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning and welcome to West third quarter 2019 conference call. We issued our financial results this morning and the release has been posted in the Investors Section on the company's website located at www.westpharma.com.This morning, CEO, Eric Green, and CFO, Bernard Birkett, will review our results, provide an update on our business and provide an update on the financial outlook for full year 2019. There is a slide presentation that accompanies today's call and a copy of that presentation is available on the Investors Section of our website.On Slide 2 is the Safe Harbor statements. Statements made by the management on this call and in the accompanying presentation contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of US Federal Securities Law.These statements are based on our beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates, and forecasts. The company's future results are influenced by many factors beyond the control of the company and actual results could differ materially from past results as well as those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement made here. Please refer to today's press release as well as any other disclosures made by the company regarding the risk to which is the subject, including our 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K reports.During today's call, the management will also make reference to non-GAAP financial measures including organic sales growth, adjusted operating profit, adjusted operating profit margin, and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in this morning's press release.I'll now turn the call over to West's CEO and President, Eric Green.
Eric Green: Thank you, Quintin. And good morning everyone, thank you for joining us today.As you saw in our press release, we delivered another solid quarter. We continue to make excellent progress implementing our market-led strategy, creating value for our customers and the patients we serve together. Our performance demonstrates the forward momentum we have seen throughout the year on a number of fronts.The market units are driving growth through differentiated value propositions. Our investments in newly launched products and services are gaining traction and contributing to robust high-value product growth. The globalization of our operations is driving improvements around quality, service, and productivity gains and we have increased our investment in Daikyo Seiko to deepen this long-term strategic partnership.With three good quarters behind us, and given our confidence in the underlying strength and future growth of the business, we are increasing our sales and EPS guidance for the full year. Bernard will take you through the details of our updated guidance later in the call.Let's start with an overview of our sales performance on Slide 4. Proprietary product sales grew organically by 8.5% in the quarter. High-value products, which make up more than 60% of proprietary product sales grew double-digits and continue the momentum that we have seen throughout 2019.Turning to the market units, sales within our Biologics market unit once again grew strong double digits. During the quarter, Biologics saw increased demand from both large and small biotech customers. This demand has been fueled by customers selecting NovaPure for the New Drug Applications.This is now paying dividends, as many of these drugs have been approved and launched in the past year. Our NovaPure sales which have grown strong double digits for three consecutive quarters in 2019, reflect post approval reorders and the commercial success of our customers' products.Crystal Zenith is a similar story. Volume has grown for CZ containers and syringes for the use with newly-approved drugs and for development agreements to support pre-commercial activity. Additionally, we have experienced good uptake and Daikyo and Flurotec components, a trend we see continuing.Looking ahead, we anticipate full-year double-digit growth for the biologics market unit. The generics market unit grew mid-single digits, high-value product sales led the growth and we continue to set the stage for future growth with the AccelTRA component program. Our early interest customers are moving from the evaluation phase to the contract phase preparing for commercialization of their drugs with this unique containment platform.As we have said on prior calls, we're also seeing interest from generic customers in our self-injection platforms and CZ. A recent capacity investment for self-dose will enable further acceleration of this growth.We expect high single-digit growth for the generics market unit for the full year. Our Pharma market unit experienced a mid-single-digit decline in sales in the quarter primarily due to the previously announced Vial2Bag product recall.However, we are encouraged that we continue to see high value product adoption for our Pharma customers and are working to support them as they convert legacy products to higher value offerings such as Envision inspection.We expect the Pharma market unit to return to growth in the fourth quarter and deliver full-year performance of low single-digit growth. Our book of committed orders in the Proprietary Product segment continues to be healthy giving us confidence, that our growth can be sustained.Let's now turn to Contract Manufacturing, this segment of our business posted organic sales growth of 6%. The primary growth driver continues to be in the diabetes market led by sales of a diagnostic and drug delivery devices.As we have discussed on prior calls, contract manufacturing growth is moderating, especially as it comes against a strong second half performance comp from 2018. We expect further moderation in Q4 and continue to expect full year 2019 growth to be in the high single digits.Turning to Slide 5, we recently made two announcements that demonstrate our continued progress to support the unique needs of the markets we serve. Earlier this week, at the PDA conference, Pre-filled Syringe in Sweden, we introduced a new high-value product and highlighted our self-injection portfolio. We launched our NovaPure 3 mL cartridge components, which are specifically designed for use with higher volume drug delivery devices.These components solved an unmet need in the market. Given the increase in sensitive biologic products that are being developed, these drugs often delivered through an autoinjector or on-body injector require the highest quality cartridge components and this new offering from West meets that challenge.We also highlighted our SmartDose Gen II injector, which enables subcu delivery of injectable therapy is up to 10 ML in volume. The increase in customer development agreements for smart dose and across our self-injection platform demonstrates the commercial success we have seen with these technologies and the future growth potential they represent for West.Last week, we also announced that we increased our minority stake in Daikyo to 49%. For over four decades, Daikyo and West are partnered together to bring high quality, reliable, and innovative drug containment solutions to our customers. Our increased investment demonstrates our long-term commitment to the strategic partnership and we look forward to our continued collaborations for years to come.At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to our CFO, Bernard Birkett, to go into more detail around our financial performance. Bernard?
Bernard Birkett: Thank you, Eric, and good morning everybody.Let's review the numbers in more detail. We'll first look at Q3 2019 revenues and profits, where we saw continued solid growth led by strong proprietary products performance especially in our Biologics market unit. I will take you through the margin growth we saw in the quarter in addition to some quarter end balance sheet takeaways. And finally, we'll review the guidance for 2019.First up Q3, our financial results are summarized on Slide 6 and the reconciliation of non-US GAAP measures are described in Slide 11 to 15. We recorded net sales of $456.1 million representing organic sales growth of 7.9% and 20 basis points of inorganic growth related to a recent acquisition.We also saw growth in two of our proprietary product market units and in contract manufacturing with double-digit organic sales growth in our Biologics market unit. We are pleased to see continued improvement in gross profits.We recorded $147.8 million in gross profit, $12.2 million or 9% above Q3 of last year. And our gross profit margin of 32.4% was 100 basis points expansion from the same period last year. We also saw improvement in adjusted operating profits with $70.1 million recorded this quarter compared to $63.1 million in the same period last year for an 11% increase.And our adjusted operating profit margin of 15.4% was an 80 basis point expansion from the same period last year. Finally, adjusted diluted EPS grew 4% and approximately 12% when stock based compensation tax benefit is excluded.So what's driving growth in both revenue and profit. On slide 7, we show the contributions to sales growth in the quarter. Volume and mix contributed $32.2 million or 7.5 percentage points of the growth.Sales price increase is contributed $2.8 million or 0.7 percentage points of the growth and changes in foreign currency exchange rates reduced sales by $10.6 million or a reduction of 2.5 percentage points.Looking at margin performance, Slide 8 shows our consolidated gross profit margin of 32.4% for Q3 2019, up from 31.4% in Q3 2018. Proprietary Products' third quarter gross profit margin of 38.2% was 120 basis points above the margin achieved in the third quarter of 2018.The key drivers for the continued improvement in Proprietary Products gross profit margin were favorable mix of products sold focusing on high-value products, production efficiencies, and sales price increases partially offset by increased overhead costs. Our high-value products and devices represented 63% of Q3 proprietary product sales, and generate a double-digit organic sales growth.Contract Manufacturing third quarter gross profit margin of 14.4% increased by 10 basis points compared to the prior year quarter. Adjusted operating profit margin grew by 80 basis points over Q3 2018, as we continue to expand gross profit margins and closely manage SG&A and R&D expenses. We did see a period headwind on other income and expense due to an FX impact.Now let's look at our balance sheet and review how we've done in terms of generating more cash for the business. On Slide 9, we have listed some key cash flow metrics. Operating cash flow was $260.8 million year-to-date 2019, an increase of $45.4 million compared to the same period in 2018 at 21% increase.Our year-to-date capital spending was $88.8 million, $14.1 million higher than a year ago and in line with our expectations. Working capital of $669.1 million at September 30, 2019 was $58.4 million higher than at December 31, 2018, primarily due to the increase in our cash and cash equivalents. Our cash balance at September 30th of $396 million was $58.6 million more than our December 2018 balance, a 17% increase.Turning to guidance, Slide 10 provides a high-level summary. First, despite increase in FX headwinds, we are raising our expectation of 2019 full year net sales to be in a range of between $1.815 billion and $1.825 billion.We expect organic sales rate grows to be approximately 8% over 2018 reported net sales, which assumes a headwind of $54 million for the full year 2019 sales based on current foreign currency exchange rates compared to prior guidance of a full year negative impact of $42 million.Second, we are raising our 2019 full year adjusted diluted EPS guidance to a new range of between $3.10 and $3.15 compared to the prior guidance of between $3 and $3.10. CapEx guidance remains at $120 million to $130 million.There are some key elements I want to bring your attention to, as you review our guidance. Estimated FX headwind has an impact of approximately $0.13 on adjusted diluted EPS based on current foreign currency exchange rates compared to prior guidance of $0.10. We have seen an impact of approximately $0.11 for the first nine months of the year.From a comp perspective, SG&A expense in Q4 2018 was unusually low due to adjustments to compensation accruals made around the impacts of to back recall. The SG&A expense Q4 2019 is expected to be more in line with the spend patterns experienced throughout 2019.So, to summarize the key takeaways for the quarter strong top line growth in both Proprietary and Contract Manufacturing, gross profit improvements, growth in adjusted operating profit margin, growth and adjusted diluted EPS over Q3 '18 and growth year-to-date in operating and free cash flow.Our raised sales and EPS projections for 2019 and performance to date are in line with our long-term construct of approximately 6% to 8% organic sales growth. Operating profit margin of improvement of greater than 100 basis points and EPS expansion.I'd now like to turn the call back over to Eric.
Eric Green: Thank you, Bernard.Before we open the line for questions, I want to conclude with a few key takeaways. Across our business segments, customers are driving demand for our products and services. Our R&D investments have resulted in new product launches that will contribute to our future high value product growth and our global operations team is driving efficient and cost-effective manufacturing initiatives to ensure we continue to deliver margin expansion and increased return on invested capital.With another solid performance this quarter, we're poised to finish out the year strong and we're confident in the opportunities we see ahead of us. Kevin, we are ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Paul Knight with Janney.
Unidentified Analyst: It's actually Mike on for Paul. Congratulations on the quarter.
Eric Green: Great. Thank you, Mike, good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Eric, can you talk through the highlights in the Proprietary Product portfolio this quarter, specifically around Biologics. And then additionally, can you give an update on CZ and has it really become meaningful to your numbers yet or is that more in 2020? Thank you.
Eric Green: Yes. Thank you, Mike. When you look at the Biologics business, we continue to grow very strong in this area, it's a combination of new products being launched into the marketplace, but also reorders of previously launched products and being actually adopted into the marketplace. So we're very confident with the performance this year and we see a very strong committed order book for this particular area.And when you start thinking about the pipeline of new molecules being approved and our participation and, in this space, we continue to be extremely high. So I'm very confident as we look forward. In particular, in the second question, it was in regards to CZ actually interesting part about that part of our portfolio.I would see a lot of it is around Biologics, we had two approvals in Q3 again two Biologics and that would make it for the year five approvals, and if you recall the previous years, we had significantly less than that.So we're seeing gain momentum with CZ mostly in the syringe area, we're continuing to invest in the Scottsdale, Arizona facility to handle the demand that's being requested by our customers and we also had a one vial approval earlier this year. The CZ cartridges are also driving nicely due to the SmartDose demand that we have with both the active DAS and also active feasibility studies underway.
Unidentified Analyst: And then maybe for Bernard. Can you provide some color on the outlook for CapEx spend? It's come down significantly from your peak of $170 million in 2016 to about just under $120 million, as we look forward, is there room for continued reduction in that number. And then maybe, Eric can chime in too, but as visibility demand increases, as you guys talk on the call, how do you think about volume increasing as we work towards a smaller footprint? Thank you and I'll hop back in the queue.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. So on the CapEx, we were focusing on really is growth - our investment in automation and growth and obviously there is always a certain level of maintenance CapEx, which is about $45 million. No, typically for the last year or two, we've been running at about 6% to 7% of revenues for CapEx spend and that's what we would be targeting, but it's - we always have to make sure that we're investing the appropriate amounts, and the business to make sure that we can continue to drive the growth.But a lot of the investments on CapEx that are in more in equipment and automation, which provide faster returns on investments compared to investing in buildings and facilities so hopefully that covers it for you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry Solow with CJS Securities.
Larry Solow: Just a couple maybe, one of my high level questions, just on the Daikyo investment. Was there any reason for timing of that or was there some kind of option on that that was expiring or is that any thoughts on that would be great.
Eric Green: Larry, the discussions with Daikyo and obviously, it's a very long a deep relationship we've had for quite a while and but it's very important between both companies because when you think about the technology and parts of their portfolio, how it supports our growth in high-value products and particularly around the Biologics space.So, we've been engaged in dialog and how we can continuously build a stronger relationship and partnership. There were no actions required due to previous agreements, but this increase from 25% to 49% does put us in a very good position with Daikyo as their exclusive partner both on a distribution of their existing products, but also the license and technology that we share between the two firms and that was a major thrust Larry to bring this forward and to reinforce the growth that we have in our high-value products and particularly in the Biologics space.
Larry Solow: And then also on the - I know you at the SmartDose - I guess next generation SmartDose, which you guys have shown I think already to investors, just - obviously that's being now commercialized, can you just sort of highlight sort of the advantages of that over the prior product and if you can kind of help further adoption faster.
Eric Green: Larry, what you're seeing there is that with the original first version that we came out with that was targeted towards smaller doses and particularly in the biologic space and what we're being asked by our customers, they want to take that technology and allow them to move certain molecules - drug molecules from IV infusion environment to a subcu. And so that - and these tend to be molecules that are in the market already.So, this is actually good news for West because the technology can handle larger volumes as we indicated with the, the launch of the 10 ML cartridge dose at this point of time and it allows us to support our customers through development driving from IV to subcu and we have several development agreements underway as we speak obviously, as in the past we don't talk about our the specific customers or the molecule itself, but there are many that we're currently working on.
Larry Solow: And then just a couple for Bernard. On the restructuring I guess that's one particular program that's expect to save you guys $40 million annually, is that pretty much complete, did you start seeing some of those benefits and will you get that whole benefit or will some of that money be reinvested back into the business?
Bernard Birkett: So it's - it will be completed by the end of Q4 and the vast majority of the work will be done and we'll start to see the benefits come through in 2020 on a phased basis. So, as we move through the year, we will be able to harvest more of those benefits.
Larry Solow: And then just last question I joined the call little late, you may have addressed it. Just on the lower tax rate this quarter was that - was there an additional credit in there was that more related to the options, expenses?
Bernard Birkett: More related to the options expenses and at this point, there were no other major adjustments to tax within the quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Kreger with William Blair.
John Kreger: The Daikyo ownership stake increased, did any other part of the relationship change other than the ownership stake?
Eric Green: No, it's relatively the same as I've mentioned earlier, we do have exclusivity with Daikyo and between the distribution and license and technology agreements, but it was an increase in stake as the major change of the agreement.
John Kreger: And then, I think in the press release you mentioned a small acquisition benefit, again, was that just the impact of the higher stake or was there some other deal that you guys did in the quarter?
Eric Green: No. That was - actually that was - that is due to the transaction we had last quarter due to South Korea to acquire our distributors, so allows us to work directly with the end customers, which by the way has gone quite well. The integration has gone very smoothly and we've already seen the benefits with conversations with some of the largest biosimilar companies in that part of the world.
John Kreger: And then, Eric, one more, maybe can you just talk a little bit more about how you view the pharma client segment, what do you think the key is to driving better growth as we kind of look out to '20 and beyond.
Eric Green: Yes, John, the big driver there, the number one driver is continuing to convert large pharma customers from the standard products to high-value products. That's the number one thesis of the growth of that unit, the other when you thinking about total cost of ownership, so as we demonstrate to our clients that we're able to take cost out of the system and provide a higher quality, better cycle time to them allows them drive their inventories down in a better, cleaner product in the marketplace.The second one is in the, specifically in the diabetes application that continues to be robust. You see that in our contract manufacturing space. When you think about all those devices that we're producing for through contract manufacturing, it also requires primary containment, which is usually the less component specifically around the insulin portfolio. The pipeline is strong and we're feeling very comfortable.I think what you see with 2018 performance is the impact of Vial2Bag and as we work through that, you won't see that direct impact going forward, but more upside when we eventually get the product back in the marketplace.
John Kreger: Any update on that recall of both in terms of timing, but also on what the expense burden was in the third quarter? Thank you.
Eric Green: Yes. We're obviously still working through the process, so we don't have an update on the timeline for re-entry into the market at this point. On the expense side, you're looking at probably a couple of million dollars, so nothing too material.
Operator: Our last question comes from David Windley with Jefferies.
David Windley: To follow-up on John's last question there, Bernard, could you quantify the revenue headwind from Vial2Bag.
Bernard Birkett: It was in the quarter but I think about $4 million for the quarter.
David Windley: $4 million for the quarter. Okay, great. Broader strategic question, in terms of capacity in so much as you've globalized your operation footprint. Bernard, you talked about investments in automation and things like that, I am interested in how you think about your runway for capacity by say, the end of this year when you've taken the targeted facilities offline, you've invested in automation, you have Waterford online, things like that.Are you - do you have room in your existing footprint to support growth for a fairly significant period of time and if you could put a timeline on that, that'd be great? Or should we be thinking about you're beginning to add modules to Waterford or expanding other facility locations in order to support growth. I'm just curious kind of where you - where will you stand with your capacity by the end of the year?
Bernard Birkett: Well, at the end of the year, we have adequate capacity for a number of years, we believe with the obviously the existing footprint with the levels of automation, we're looking at and automation is a journey, it's not going to be completed in one or two years, it's a multi-year process. And so we don't see that we're going to have to add facilities for production in the coming years.
David Windley: In terms of margin, you've been focused there, you've talked about certainly maybe starting with contract manufacturing, you've talked about kind of driving some more efficiency into staffing levels and things like that in the contract manufacturing business, the year-over-year kind of progression on margin slowed in the third quarter and I wondered, maybe starting with contract manufacturing, where there factors that kind of flattened that out, but then also in Proprietary Products were there mix differences from say second quarter or the first half that influenced the year-over-year expansion of margin? Thanks.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. On the contract manufacturing, the margin expansion was a little bit slower than we would have expected in Q3 and we would have expected to see a little bit more and we have specific areas that we're targeting to improve the margin within contract manufacturing, so we have very focused groups working on that and so that is still a primary focus for us to make sure we start to see that margin expansion progressing through 2020, but it has been - in the third quarter, it was a little bit behind, where we would've expected it to be and we understand the reasoning behind us. It was regarding one or two of our facilities and the level of efficiency and productivity, we saw in those. So we have, as I said specific programs in place to tackle that.And on Proprietary, what we saw is from a standard margin perspective, we're pretty much in line with where we have been for most of the year or so, our mix is where we would expect it to be in the third quarter and we have a number of summer shutdowns, particularly in our European plants.So the level of absorption that we get in the third quarter is normally a little bit lower than what we see in the first half of the year and that was primarily the impact on margin. So it slows margin expansion, a little bit in the third quarter and that's something that we would have expected.
Operator: And I'm not showing any further questions at this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to our host.
Quintin Lai: Thank you, Kevin. And thank you everyone for joining us on today's conference call. An online archive of the broadcast will be available on our website at westpharma.com in the Investors section. Additionally, you may access the replay through Thursday, October 31 by dialing the numbers and conference ID provided at the end of today's earnings release. That concludes the call. Have a nice day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-25 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter West Pharmaceutical Services Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call will be recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays conference, Quintin Lai, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Quintin Lai: Thank you, Chris. Good morning, and welcome to Wests second quarter 2019 conference call. We issued our financial results this morning and the release has been posted in the Investors section on the Companys website located at www.westpharma.com. This morning, CEO, Eric Green, and CFO, Bernard Birkett will review our results, provide an update on our business and provide an update on the financial outlook for the full year 2019. Theres a slide presentation that accompanies todays call and the copy of the presentation is available on the Investors section of our website. On Slide 2 is the Safe Harbor statement. Statements made by management on this call and in the presentation contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. Federal Securities Law. These statements are based on managements beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. There are many factors that can influence the Companys future results that are beyond the ability, of the company to control or predict. Because of these known or unknown risks or uncertainties, actual results could differ materially from past results and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement. For a non-exclusive list of factors which could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, please refer to todays press release, as well as any further disclosures the company makes regarding the risks to which it is subject in the Companys 10-K, 10-Q and 8- K reports. In addition, during todays call, management will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures including organic sales growth, adjusted operating profit, adjusted operating profit margin and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in this mornings earnings release. I now turn the call over to Wests CEO and President, Eric Green.
Eric Green: Thank you, Quintin , and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. As you saw in our press release, we delivered another quarter of strong growth on both the top and bottom lines from strong sales gains across the organization. And as a result of efficiency initiatives, put in place by our global operations team. Our performance in Q2, has shown once again, our customers positive reaction to our market-led growth strategy, with two good quarters behind us, and given our confidence in the underlying strength in future growth of the business, we are increasing our sales and EPS guidance for the full year. Bernard will take you through the details of our updated guidance later in the call. Lets start with the specifics of our sales performance on Slide 4. Proprietary product sales grew by 7.5% in the quarter. Key to the growth strategy in this segment is customer adoption of our high-value products. These products offer higher levels of quality and productivity to our customers, seeking to meet the increase in regulations of the biopharmaceutical industry to improve their own manufacturing performance and to meet the demands of new molecules and therapies. High-value products make up more than 60% of our proprietary product sales and in Q2, organic sales of these products grew double-digits. Now lets take a look at the organic sales growth of our market units. Sales within our Biologics market unit grew strong double-digits. In Q2, we experienced and an impressive uptake of our NovaPure and Westar components. We continue to see growing interest from biologic customers for these types of product solutions, and this demand is coming from volume growth of existing drugs and from newly commercialized drug products. We also saw a good uptake of Crystal Zenith containment solutions and our SmartDose technology platform. CZ growth is coming from both commercially available drugs as well as from pre-commercial molecules. We continue to experience high levels of customer activity across our SmartDose device platform for drugs in all stages of development. Looking ahead, we anticipate full year double-digit growth for the Biologics market unit. The Generics market unit had a solid quarter with high-single digit growth, high-value products also performed well in this market unit growing by double-digits. This was led by an increased uptake of Westar RS and RU products. We are pleased with the continued interest and adoption of our elastomer components, including the AccelTRA product line. In addition, were also seeing demand for our delivery and safety device platforms for use with generics medicines. We expect high-single digit growth in this market unit for the full year. Our pharma market unit experienced a small decline in the quarter due to the previously announced Vial2Bag product recall. If wed exclude this impact, we saw a mid-single digit growth for pharma, led by FluroTec and Envision product sales. We expect the pharma market units to deliver full-year performance of low single-digit growth. A quick word about the Vial2Bag, as we noted on our last call, we remain committed to bringing this product back to the market. We are working to redesign certain aspects of the device, with the goal of returning to the market with enhanced product for hospitals and the patients they are treating. Lets now turn to Contract Manufacturing. The segment of our business, once again posted strong sales of 10% over the prior years quarter. The majority of the growth continues to be in the diabetes market, led by sales of medical and drug delivery devices, and services. For the balance of the year, we expect that quarterly sales will be in line with the performance of the segment in Q1 and Q2 of this year, but that growth will moderate as this business runs up against more difficult year-over-year comparisons. We anticipate full year growth of high-single digits in Contract Manufacturing. Id like to now review some business highlights from the quarter on Slide 5. We discussed at our last quarterly earnings update, the importance of expanding our Companys reach to help us grow in the important Asia-Pacific region. We have established a direct presence in the very attractive South Korean market, through the acquisition of our distributor. Another example comes from our China team who recently hosted more than 200 customers from 70 companies for our West sponsored educational event reinforcing the technical expertise we can bring to our customers in this market. Our scientific and technical team continues to be at the forefront of the industry, presenting at numerous conferences, publishing their work in partnering with our customers to shape best practice in our field. Were also pleased to announce that our NovaGuard Safety system recently won two India Packaging Awards for Excellence. This product is designed to help prevent accidental needle stick injuries, which is a serious concern for healthcare practitioners and their patients. Customers recognize the value of this product and as a result, we are seeing increased uptake. As our commercial team works with customers to provide solutions for their most demanding injectable containment and delivery needs, our operations team is working to help our business work more efficiently. They are driving for improve safety, higher quality, better service and increase profitability. We have implemented a number of lean initiatives across the organization through our One West management system that are really starting to pay off. I recently visited our plants in Europe, and saw firsthand the improvements that team has made to streamline internal processes, improve quality standards and address customer feedback more effectively. Customers are knows into and have provided us with very positive feedback at the conclusion of several recent audits. Were also working to consolidate and optimize our global manufacturing network. By the end of the year, we will have 25 plants, a total reduction of four sites over the past two years. This broad restructuring program announced in Q1 of 2018 is on track to be completed by year-end and will provide significant savings for our business in the future. As a result of these efforts, and the growth of our high-value product portfolio, we achieved more than 180 basis points of consolidated gross profit margin expansion in the quarter. Thanks to margin improvements in both our Proprietary and Contract Manufacturing segments. At this time, Id like to turn the call over to our CFO, Bernard Birkett to go into more detail around our financial performance. Bernard?
Bernard Birkett: Thank you, Eric, and good morning, everybody. So lets review the numbers in more detail. Well first look at Q2 2019 revenues and profits, where we saw a continued solid growth led by strong Proprietary Products performance especially in our Biologics market unit. I will take you through the margin growth we saw in the quarter and how we see it continuing to improve in 2019. In addition to some quarter end balance sheet takeaways. And finally, well review the guidance for 2019. First up, Q2. Our financial results are summarized on Slide 6 and the reconciliation of Non-U.S. GAAP measures are described in Slides 11 to 15. We recorded net sales of $469.7 million, representing organic sales growth of 8.1% and 20 basis points of inorganic growth related to a recent acquisition. We also saw growth in two of our proprietary product market units and in Contract Manufacturing with double-digit organic sales growth in our Biologics market unit. We are pleased to see continued improvement in gross profit. We recorded $157.9 million in gross profit, $15.7 million or 11% above Q2 of last year. And our gross profit margin of 33.6% was 180 basis point expansion from the same period last year. We also saw improvements in adjusted operating profit with $81.9 million recorded this quarter, compared to $62.5 million in the same period last year for a 31% increase. And our adjusted operating profit margin of 17.4% was a 340 basis point expansion from the same period last year. Finally, adjusted diluted EPS grew 27%. So whats driving the growth in both revenue and profit. On Slide 7, we show the contributions to sales growth in the quarter. Volume and mix contributed $33.9 million or 7.6 percentage points of growth. Sales price increases contributed $3.4 million or 0.7 percentage points of the growth. And changes in foreign currency exchange rates reduced sales by $15.1 million or a reduction of 3.4 percentage points. Looking at margin performance, Slide 8 shows our consolidated gross profit margin of 33.6% for Q2 2019, up from 31.8% in Q2 2018. Proprietary Products second quarter gross profit margin of 39.5% was 230 basis points above the margin achieved in the second quarter of 2018. The key drivers for the continued improvement in Proprietary Products gross profit margin were favorable mix of products sold, focusing on high-value product, sales price increases and increasing plant efficiency and utilization, partially offset by increased labor costs and the impact of the voluntary recall of Vial2Bag products. Our high-value products represented 62% of Q2 Proprietary Product sales and generated double-digit organic sales growth. Contract Manufacturing second quarter gross profit margin of 14.3% increased by 120 basis points compared to the prior year quarter. The year-over-year increase in margin is primarily due to improved production efficiencies. Adjusted operating profit margin grew by 340 basis points over Q2 2018, as we continue to expand gross profit margin and closely manage our operating expenses as we execute on our 2019 goals. Now lets look at our balance sheet and review how weve done in terms of generating more cash for the business. On Slide 9, we have listed some key cash flow metrics. Operating cash flow was $152.7 million for the year-to-date 2019, an increase of $25.7 million, compared to the same period in 2018 a 20% increase. Our year-to-date capital spending was $57.1 million, $8.9 million higher than a year ago. Working capital of $631.1 million at June 30, 2019 was $20.4 million higher than at December 31, 2018, primarily due to the increase in our accounts receivable and inventory balances. Our cash balance at June 30th of $326.7 million was $10.7 million less than our December 2018 balance, primarily due to an increase in the cost for purchases of our common stock in 2019 and the acquisition of our distributor in South Korea. Turning to guidance. Slide 10 provides a high level summary. First despite increasing FX headwinds, we are raising our expectation of 2019 full year, net sales to be in a range of between $1.81 billion and $1.825 billion compared to the prior guidance range of between $1.79 billion and $1.82 billion. We expect organic sales growth to be at the higher end of the previously communicated range of 6% to 8% over 2018, reported net sales, which assumes a headwind of $42 million for the full year 2019 sales based on current foreign currency exchange rates, compared to the prior guidance of a full year negative impact of between $34 to $37 million. Second, we are raising both bottom and top end of our adjusted EPS guidance range by $0.20. Our new range for the full year 2019 adjusted diluted EPS will be $3 and $3.10, compared to the prior guidance of between $2.80 and $2.90. There are some key elements I want to bring your attention to as we  as you review our guidance. At this point, guidance does not include any revenues for Vial2Bag in 2019 and forecasted costs of remediation are included in our EPS guidance. Estimated FX headwind has an impact of approximately $0.10 on adjusted diluted EPS based on foreign currency exchange rates, compared to the prior guidance of $0.08. To summarize the key takeaways for the quarter, strong top line growth in both Proprietary and Contract Manufacturing, gross profit margin improvement, growth in operating profit margin, growth in adjusted diluted EPS over Q2 2018 and growth year-to-date in operating and free cash flow. Organic sales and EPS projections for 2019 and performance to date are in line with our long-term construct of 6% to 8% organic sales growth, operating profit margin improvement of greater than 100 basis points and EPS expansion. Id now like to turn the call back over to Eric.
Eric Green: Thank you, Bernard. To summarize, our Q2 performance together with the results we saw in Q1 have contributed to a very strong start to the year. As we look to the remainder of 2019, we know that our market-led growth strategy will continue to drive value for our stakeholders. We have the top experts in our field working at West and that technical and scientific expertise is an asset to our customers. Across all market units, customers are driving demand for our high-value products, and we are delivering those products and solutions with a more efficient and cost-effective manufacturing initiatives. This is translating into better margins and increased return on invested capital. We feel confident in the continued strength of our business and look forward to a successful remainder of 2019. Chris, were ready to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of John Kreger with William Blair. Your line is now open.
John Kreger: Hi. Thanks very much. Could you just give us a little bit more info on the acquisition, and should we be thinking about acquisitions perhaps is a little bit more active part of your capital deployment strategy going forward?
Eric Green: John, good morning. When we look at the acquisition in South Korea, its really a key strategy to have a direct presence, and what I would call it a very attractive biopharma marketplace that we historically work with the dealer. And one of Wests strengths is to have that direct interaction with our clients across the globe. So we believe that is an opportunity to step-in directly and actually reinforce our focus in the Asia-Pacific market. Looking forward to other types of M&A transactions, we feel that well continuously look at bolt-on technologies that will enhance our current portfolio, but also look at ways to  look at adjacent spaces to really continue to support our existing customer base.
John Kreger: Great, thanks. And then also just to clarify, I think a comment you made earlier on the call that you think of pharma growth will be low-single digits for the year, I assume that is burdened with the Vial2Bag recall?
Eric Green: Yes, John. Its correct. It does that low single-digit does include the Vial2Bag recall that occurred last year.
John Kreger: Great, great. And then lastly, any sense about when you think you can re-launch that product, is that something that could be feasible for next year?
Eric Green: Well, we have guided this years revenues without any Vial2Bag revenues. And again, we are working towards the resolution and will be working with the regulatory authorities to get it back as soon as possible. So until we have affirmation from the regulatory bodies, we cant comment on exactly when this will be returning.
John Kreger: Okay. Thank you.
Eric Green: Thank you, John.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Paul Knight with Janney Montgomery Scott. Your line is now open. And if your phone is on mute, Paul please unmute it.
Paul Knight: Hi, Eric. Congratulations on the quarter.
Eric Green: Great. Thank you, Paul and good morning.
Paul Knight: Can you talk to demand? Is it coming from the record number of approvals last year or is it  and the second question is, in the cell and gene therapy, theres obviously a lot of things in the pipeline. Is that a significant part of your business, your containment systems on the cell and gene side. And I guess, the first question though is, are you seeing this approved therapy in total from last year. Is that part of what were seeing in this growth rate?
Eric Green: Yes, Paul, if  when you think about the growth rate we have today and looking at the committed order book that we have in the near-term, that really is due to the robust pipeline thats coming through. In addition to that, its uptake of molecules have been introduced in the market a couple of years ago. So its a combination of existing molecules, but also new launches over the last 12 to 18 months. On the cell and gene therapy here, its too early to comment. A lot of that is in early phase as you know. We obviously have a role to play in the containment of the very important therapies, but the volumes will be small. And  but its too early to tell. Its not  that is not impacting our numbers as of today.
Paul Knight: And then secondly, Bernard, I noticed obviously operating cash flow up 20% and free cash up 21%. I guess, youre still in the early days of your improvement of capital and management of capital, facility consolidation. I mean, is this a couple of year process ahead of us, where well see better utilization, turnover on cash and facility utilization. Could you talk to us about that overall program that youve embarked upon and where  how long it goes?
Bernard Birkett: Yes. Its a multi-year process, and we will be continuously looking for improvements in operating and free cash flow generation, and it is a big focus for the organization across a number of different areas. So its not just on CapEx, its across all aspects of our business. As we believe, it is very important for us, obviously, to focus on that. So again, we have a lot of people looking at it in different areas and were very focused on cash flow generation and disciplined in our approach. And that...
Paul Knight: What do you think your maintenance capital expenditure is?
Bernard Birkett: Its probably between $40 million to $50 million a year.
Paul Knight: Okay, thank you.
Eric Green: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of David Windley with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
David Windley: Thanks. Quick follow-up on that last question. Bernard has the maintenance number, is that something youve been able to compress or has that been fairly stable and its been the growth capital that youve compressed?
Bernard Birkett: Its been  we havent compressed a lot of growth capital. I think, if you look back at the way we were spending before we were investing a lot in facilities and that expanded the CapEx. So the focus is on utilizing and improving the utilization of what we have, the infrastructure that we have in place. We believe we have a lot of capacity, the maintenance CapEx has been pretty stable over the last number of years. But just to be clear, were not impacting growth, we are investing in growth on a continuous basis and thats where we invest a lot of our capital and thats where the allocation goal. So its a very, very measured approach, but the difference being that we do not have to invest in large building projects at this current time.
David Windley: Yes, great. Good clarification. And my question was an intend to do imply that you were sacrificing growth at all. But just where the decline in the budget was coming from? A kind of a similar theme, as you are seeing some nice operating margin  gross margin, operating margin improvement in the quarter, is that in any way, driven by the facility rationalization that youre doing. Is that showing up already or are those facilities not yet offline, and so thats actually still in front of us?
Bernard Birkett: Yes, thats still in front of us. Again, it will be over the next number of years. Beginning in 2020, well start to see the benefits of the rationalizations coming through. So the drivers right now is, weve seen a lot of HVP growth, which is a key strategy for us and we expect to see that continuing, and thats been supplemented by the improvements in overall utilization and productivity gains that weve been seeing coming through our plans with the implementation of lean initiatives and globalization of operations. And the important aspect that we saw, again in this quarter, was the improvement in margins in Contract Manufacturing. And thats also been a plus and now thats back on track. So there are a number of drivers for overall operating margin expansion.
David Windley: And on your comment on Contract Manufacturing, did improve year-over-year. I think the second quarter of last year was kind of the low point?
Bernard Birkett: Yes.
David Windley: Is that now on a fairly steep improving trajectory or I think the highs for that business are still 700 basis points above the 2Q levels that you just achieved. How could you might describe the trajectory to those prior levels?
Bernard Birkett: Thats correct. So, we would expect to see the continuous improvements for the remainder of the year and improvement into 2020. As we get back to 2016, 2017 levels of gross margin within that business. I dont believe its going to happen overnight, but we have made some changes within our contract manufacturing business. Were taking a lot of the learnings that weve had within our Proprietary Business from an operational point of view and applying those within our Contract Manufacturing division and were starting to see the improvements come through there, but its not an overnight fix and it will take a little bit of time. So youll see a phased in, but there will be continuous and sustained improvement.
David Windley: Great, thanks. And last question, Eric, this one, I may be able to bring you in on this one. The  your generic clients are buying up into high-value products thats been, I think one of the kind of pleasant surprises of your kind of segmentation at the end market from when you joined to CEO. Some of those clients are under some,  what seems to be a little bit of financial duress, at this point, some stocks trading, its a really, really low prices. Is there a way  do you think that of impacts demand for your products at all? And is there a way for you to protect yourself or diversify yourself in the event that maybe one of these, presuming its not all of them, but one might be more negatively financially impacted?
Eric Green: Yes, its a good question. And to your point is that we are diversified within the generic space. So we continuously work with the broad array of the generic players today. I would say were in early stages as we move our generic customers from standard packaging components to the high-value products by leveraging the recently launched AccelTRA program. We think about the adoption rates with our clients, it takes one-to-two years to get the adoption and to have them retool their operations, which frankly, at the end of the day is taking cost out of their system, even though theyre moving up the high-value products and ASPs slightly higher. So were supporting them by bringing better prior to the market, driving better yield of their manufacturing in final fill finish, and given the assurance that this total cost of ownership, cost continues to drive down their overall cost. I would say summarize though we are  we do diversify, and if there is a issue with one client, we typically see that particular drug molecule to be picked up by another. And thats why its a good situation with our diversity.
David Windley: Okay, great. Thank you.
Eric Green: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Derik DeBruin with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Juan Avendano: Hi. This is Juan Avendano for Derik. Congratulations on the quarter, guys.
Eric Green: Yes. Thank you, Juan.
Juan Avendano: My first question is, can you give us your thoughts on the 4 plus 7 generic program in China. Have you evaluated the situation and is any potential impact from this fully embedded in the revised 2019 guidance? Also if you could tell us what your revenue exposure is through the Chinese generics market?
Eric Green: Well, Juan, when you look at our revised guidance. This is not being driven by China. So either way, we have a  our business in Asia Pacific is roughly  last year is about 8% of total West and China is a portion of that. Obviously, a larger localities are China, India and Japan, and also in Southeast Asia. But the 4 plus 7 we refer to the Chinese  in the market, that does not impact our current business and we dont have a lot of exposure to the local generics. Our growth in that market and where were seeing the growth and were investing, is really the multinationals theyre pulling us into the market for them to be able to manufacture into either use the local consumption or export. The two areas that weve seen most of the growth in is in the pharma and biologic, very less so in the generic space out of China.
Juan Avendano: Okay, good. Thanks. And then my second question is, for the full year 2019, you still expect the pharma business to post low single-digit organic growth. I think that in order to achieve this, I estimate the pharma growth would need to be at least in the high single-digits in 4Q given that in the next quarter of the prior year a comp is difficult. And so what gives you confidence in the strong rebound in the pharma business in the fourth quarter and what is the downside risk to this?
Bernard Birkett: So if you look at that from a comp perspective, we had a large credit in the fourth quarter of 2018 regarding the Vial2Bag recall. So, that adjustment in Q4 2018 within the pharma sector. So when you comp it from the growth perspective thats how were going to see the high single-digit growth within this year within Q4...
Eric Green: Within pharma.
Bernard Birkett: ...within pharma.
Juan Avendano: Okay. All right. Good. And then my last question if I may. One of the phrases in the press release that Ive piqued my interest towards that one of the reasons why you are raising guidance for the full year in 2019. Was that you are encouraged by the growing backlog of committed orders. You used to provide this number on a quarterly basis before, but over the last year, you have only provided annually. I was wondering, if you could tell us what that backlog is the absolute dollar value of if its less than $0.5 billion. What was that  what was it year-to-date as of the second quarter?
Bernard Birkett: Well, instead of calling out that the exact number what were seeing is a large growth in the our order book compared to the same time last year. So were seeing the order book strengthened as and thats been happening as weve been going through the year. So it hasnt just all happened at once, and that gives us confidence and to be able to use that a support for raising the guidance. So that were seeing strong fundamental growth in the market.
Juan Avendano: Okay. That was it. Thank you.
Bernard Birkett: Thanks, Juan.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from the line of Larry Solow with CJS Securities. Your line is now open.
Larry Solow: Great. Thanks, guys, and congratulations on a really good quarter and very impressed on the margin side. Just a few summary questions and most of them have been answered, but on the  on sort of I guess related to the backlog. I know you guys obviously improved your throughput significantly in the last few years and that it skewed backlog as lead times to came down a lot. Part of our thesis was that as supply really start to improve and overall  eventually, you would start seeing some legacy products, start transitioning to some of your higher value products. And Eric, I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks there that you are seeing some  part of the growth this quarter was sort of on existing products, not only on new and improved products. So are you seeing sort of maybe not inflection point, but older pharmaceutical and older products starting to transition or at least move up the chain in the high-value products area?
Eric Green: Yes, Larry, the  we look at our  the order book, the committed orders that we have on hand today as Bernard mentioned a little bit earlier, is that were seeing a very healthy uptake. And the driver of that, I would say, two or three years ago, we were spent a lot of time talking about lead times from our operations. Today, that increase in demand is not due to lead times in our operations. I am very convinced the when we globalized the operations and the focus that we have, and the lead initiatives there in our operations is really driving quality, is driving delivery and service to our customers. So if you spoke to our customers, youll hear quickly that there hasnt been any really change of the really improved performance weve seen over the last one or two years. The demand that were seeing at this point really is  mostly a combination of volume of existing drugs in the marketplace and new product launches that are  have been planned and will be planned in the near future. Im very encouraged by this, because this is not just in one of the segments. This is across all segments and this is showing us the underlying health of the different markets we serve. Obviously biologics has a healthier market growth rate than the small molecules and pharma, but when I see the growth that were seeing, to me, it shows that were maintaining share, if not capturing new share with new products going through the pipeline.
Larry Solow: All right. And it seems like youre also now is your mix of high-value products rising, but within that mix, because I know, like NovaPure is, it sounds like its starting to really pick up some steam, but I eventually guess, its still represents a pretty small fraction of overall in terms of penetration of that relative to other high-value products. Is that fair to say?
Eric Green: Right. If we, if we look at two areas that you one of them you spoke that was NovaPure. Weve talked about that in the past, but the adoption is now get into commercial drug molecules in the marketplace. Were seeing the same thing with the Crystal Zenith. And so now its becoming more meaningful these numbers and the growth is quite significant. So while we dont give out specific numbers of each product line. Those two areas alone are contributing to a good portion of the growth, in particularly in the biologics area and helps a little bit in the CZ side, also helps out with the pharma side.
Larry Solow: And that also lead into my next question. Could you without quantifying maybe give us a little more color on the CZ side? Maybe how many new primary products you have commercialized today or something changed from the last couple of years or any more color there would be great.
Eric Green: Yes, what youve seen on the CZ side is that were  and the commercial number of products is about three are being launched in 2019. So thats incremental and particularly around the 1 ml insert needle that we are manufacturing in our Scottsdale, Arizona facility. This is obviously great work done by both our partner Daikyo and also our internal engineers will get into the scale up as our customers and I wont mention specifically of our customers are increasing their demand and for these launches, is also causing this as Bernard talked earlier about where are we invest in our capital. Thats a specific area where were investing in additional capital not facilities, but actual line, cell lines to build and produce more Crystal Zenith 1 ml insert needle and also frankly in the NovaPure line too. So, its  were seeing the uptick Larry, were seeing it and now in sort of really pre-commercial and development. These are starting to take off very encouraged by it.
Larry Solow: Excellent. And then just last question just miscellaneous one for Bernard, on the, there was the $2.5 million credit, I guess, in the operating income line. Whats that related to?
Bernard Birkett: FX.
Larry Solow: It is an FX. Okay, great. Thank you.
Bernard Birkett: Thank you, Larry.
Larry Solow: Thank you.
Eric Green: Great. Thank you, Larry.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes todays question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back to Quintin Lai, Vice President of Investor Relations, for any further remarks.
Quintin Lai: Thanks, Chris. And thank you everyone for joining us on todays conference call. An online archive of the broadcast will be available on our website at www.westpharma.com in the Investors section. Additionally, you can get a replay through Thursday, August 8 by dialing the numbers and conference ID provided at the end of todays earnings release. That concludes the call and have a nice day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude todays program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 2019 West Pharmaceutical Services Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions for to participate will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Quintin Lai, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Quintin Lai: Good morning, and thank you Jimmy. Good morning and welcome to West's first quarter 2019 conference call. We issued our financial results this morning and the release has been posted in the Investors section on the company's website located at www.westpharma.com. This morning CEO, Eric Green; and CFO, Bernard Birkett will review our results, provide an update on our business, and provide an update on the financial outlook for the full year 2019. There's a slide presentation that accompanies today's call and a copy of that presentation is available on the Investors section of the website. On slide 2 is the Safe Harbor statement. Statements made by management on this call and in the presentation contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. Federal Securities Law. These statements are based on management's beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. There are many factors that can influence the company's future results that are beyond the ability of the company to control or predict. Because of these known or unknown risks or uncertainties, actual results could differ materially from past results and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement. For a non-exclusive list of factors which could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, please refer to today's press release as well as any further disclosures the company makes regarding the risks to which it is subject in the company's 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports. In addition, during today's call, management will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures including organic sales growth, adjusted operating profit, adjusted operating profit margin, and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in this morning's earnings release. I now turn the call over to West's CEO and President, Eric Green.
Eric Green: Thank you Quintin. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our Q1 call. I'm very pleased to report that we're off to a good start to the year and delivered a strong first quarter. Our team executed well on multiple fronts, with solid performance that demonstrates the success of our market-led strategy. The markets we serve remain robust and we're delivering differentiated products and services for our customers, which is driving above-market growth in all segments and market units. We continue to see good uptake of our new product pipeline, including an increasing number of development agreements for our delivery device platforms and continued growth momentum of our high-value product portfolio. And our global operations team is successfully delivering on its strategic initiatives, which is resulting in improvements to our quality and service metrics along with higher gross profit margins. As we look to the rest of 2019, we are reaffirming overall net sales guidance, despite the headwinds we are assuming based on current FX rates. We're also raising our EPS guidance to include the incremental tax benefits from stock-based comp we saw in Q1. We expect that strong high-value product mix shift and operations initiatives will offset some of the expected FX headwinds in the back half of the year. Let's take a closer look at the performance of the business. Slide 4 shows a summary of our first quarter 2019 sales performance. Before I get into the specific market units, I want to highlight the increasing demand for our high-value products. We saw strong double-digit growth in Q1. Based on market dynamics, as we see them today, we expect this trend will continue for the balance of 2019. Now let's turn to the details. In biologics, we had a strong quarter with double-digit organic sales growth. This was led by high-value product sales including NovaPure, Westar RU and Daikyo products. Many of the issues that affected 2018 organic sales growth are behind us, and we expect full year sales growth in this market unit to be in the double-digits. In generics, we grew high single-digits in the quarter. Leading the way was an increase in self-injection device development agreements for SmartDose and demand for SelfDose. We have a solid book of committed orders for HVP in standard components and we expect full year organic sales growth to be in the high single-digits. Our pharma unit grew low single-digits. We saw good uptake of our high-value products including Daikyo and Envision components, which offset the impact of the Vial2Bag voluntary recall we initiated earlier this year. Excluding this impact, pharma would have grown in line with our expectations at 3% to 4%. I want to provide a quick update on Vial2Bag. We're still working through the various actions associated with the recall and the work we need to do to bring this product back to market. Therefore, we don't have a specific time line to share with you yet. Our customers have made us aware of the positive impact that this product has had on patient care and we have communicated to them that we remain committed to returning to the market as soon as we can. As we look to the rest of the year, we expect pharma to have organic sales growth in the low single-digits. And to be conservative, we are assuming that Vial2Bag does not return in 2009 with meaningful revenues. Turning to Contract Manufacturing, we have strong double-digit sales growth led once again by health care related injection and diagnostic devices. As we look at the pacing for the next three quarters, we expect growth to moderate given the more difficult year-over-year comparables. Full year organic sales growth is expected to be in the mid single-digits. Slide five, provides a brief snapshot of our market-led strategy that continues to build on our leadership position, secures growth across the market units and provides increasing value to our customers. I'd like to cover a few highlights from the quarter that we believe will support our customer base even more broadly and effectively. First, to drive our digital transformation, we opened a new Digital Technology Center in India, which will serve as the global center of excellence. The team there will play an important role in our ongoing efforts to enhance customer engagement through digital marketing, digital manufacturing and automation to accelerate internal and external business processes. From a geographic expansion perspective, the Asia Pacific market continues to be an important driver for our growth. We have worked to strengthen our presence in the key markets there including China, India and now South Korea. In Q1, we finalized the acquisition of our South Korean distributor. We are excited to engage with our customers more directly in a strategic and growing market, especially for biologics as it is the home of leading global biosimilar companies. A significant pillar to our growth strategy is the globalization of our operations and I'm encouraged by the progress we're making. In Q1, we saw continued improvements in our quality and safety metrics and strong results from our focus on service to our customers. In an effort to maximize investment across our global footprint, we made progress on our previously announced restructuring plans with our former site in Indiana consolidated into our Williamsport Pennsylvania facility earlier this year. We are currently finalizing the consolidation of two more sites in the U.S. by the end of 2019. Our One West global operations business system is generating the margin improvement we anticipated with these and other strategic initiatives. In Q1, we reported an 80 basis point expansion of gross profit margin led by 180 points from our Proprietary Products segment. However, we still have more work to do in our Contract Manufacturing segment to improve our profitability. Bernard will review these actions -- or the actions we're taking later in this call. I truly believe a key differentiator for West is our ability to provide our customers with the scientific and technical support they need to bring their products to market in an increasingly complex regulatory environment. We saw continued momentum in this area of our business in the quarter. For example, in March, West and the PDA hosted more than 150 customers at our headquarters to discuss the latest advancement in the containment and delivery of combination drug products. This is just one instance of how our team has dedicated scientists and technical experts that put themselves at the forefront of industry efforts to ensure that customers can meet today's challenging drug development hurdles. Now I'll turn it over to our CFO, Bernard Birkett who will provide more detail on our financial performance and the long-term outlook. Bernard?
Bernard Birkett: Thank you, Eric and good morning, everybody. Let's review the numbers in a little more detail. We'll first look at Q1 revenues and profits where we saw continued solid growth, while absorbing the impact of the Vial2Bag recall. I will take you through the margin growth we saw in the quarter and how we see it continuing to improve in 2019 in addition to some quarter-end balance sheet takeaways. And finally, we'll review the guidance for 2019. First up, Q1. Our financial results are summarized on slide 6 and the reconciliation of non-U.S. GAAP measures are described in slides 11 to 14. We recorded net sales of $443.5 million representing strong organic sales growth of 11%. We also saw growth across each of our market units as Eric noted earlier. We are pleased to see continued improvements in gross profit. We recorded $146.8 million in gross profit, $12.4 million or 9% above Q1 of last year. And our gross profit margin of 33.1% was an 80 basis points expansion from the same period last year. We also saw improvements in adjusted operating profits with $71.3 million recorded this year compared to $56.7 million last year, a 25.7% increase. Finally, adjusted diluted EPS grew 19%. So what's driving this growth in both revenue and profits? On slide 7 we show the contributions to sales growth in the quarter. Volume and mix contributed $44.5 million or 10.7 percentage points of growth. Sales price increases contributed $2.9 million or 0.7 percentage points of growth. And changes in foreign currency exchange rates reduced sales by $19.6 million or a reduction of 4.7 percentage points. Taking a look at margin performance, slide 8 shows our consolidated gross profit margin of 33.1% for Q1 2019 up from 32.3% in Q1 2018. Proprietary Products first quarter gross margin of 38.9% was 180 basis points above the margin achieved in the first quarter of 2018. The key drivers for the continued improvement in gross margin are; favorable mix of products sold, focusing on high-value products, sales price increases together with improved utilization and efficiency in operation. In fact, our high-value products represented 60% of Q1 Proprietary Products sales. We had double-digit growth for this area of the business in line with our overall strategy to grow HVP revenues and margin expansion. Contract Manufacturing first quarter gross margin of 14% decreased by 80 basis points compared to the prior quarter. The year-over-year decrease in margins is primarily due to an unfavorable mix of sales with higher-than-anticipated engineering and tooling sales and some onetime costs. However, margins on product sales expanded in the quarter compared to Q1 2018. As we continue to improve our efficiency and utilization levels, delivering on the new customer programs and improvements in margins on product sales, we have continued confidence that Contract Manufacturing margins will improve further into 2019. Operating margin grew by 250 basis points over Q1 2018, as we continue to expand gross margins and closely manage our operating expenses as we execute on leveraging our income statement. Now let's look at our balance sheet and review how we've done in terms of generating more cash for the business. On slide 9 we have listed some key cash flow metrics. Operating cash flow was $47.6 million for the first quarter of 2019, an increase of $2.6 million compared to the first quarter 2018. Our first quarter capital spending was $28.8 million, $0.8 million higher than a year ago. Working capital of $562.9 million at March 31, 2019 was $47.8 million lower than at December 31 2018, primarily due to the decrease in our cash balance. Our cash balance at March 31 of $266 million was over $70 million less than our December 2018 balance, primarily as we purchased 800,000 shares of our common stock under our calendar year 2019 share repurchase program at a cost of $83.1 million during Q1 2019. Now let's turn to guidance. Slide 10 provides a high level summary. First, despite increasing FX headwinds and taking a more conservative view on Vial2Bag revenues for 2019, we continue to expect our full year sales to be in the range of $1.795 billion to $1.82 billion, which represents expected organic sales growth of 6% to 8% over 2018 reported net sales and assumes a negative impact of $34 million to $37 million to full year 2019 sales based on current foreign currency exchange rates. Second, we are raising our full year 2019 adjusted diluted EPS to a new range between $2.80 to $2.90, compared to prior guidance of $2.77 to $2.89. There are some key elements I want to bring your attention to as you review our guidance. At this point, guidance does not include any material revenues for Vial2Bag in 2019 and forecasted costs of remediation are included in our EPS guidance. FX headwind has an impact of approximately $0.07 to $0.08, compared to full year 2018 adjusted diluted EPS based on current FX rates. The estimated impact on prior guidance was $0.06. So to summarize the key takeaways for the quarter, strong top-line growth in Proprietary and Contract Manufacturing, gross margin improvement, growth in operating margin, growth in adjusted diluted EPS over Q1 2018. Our projections for 2019 and performance to date are in line with our long-term construct of 6% to 8% organic sales growth, operating margin improvement of 100 basis points and EPS expansion. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Eric.
Eric Green: Great. Thank you, Bernard. Our Q1 results underscore the value that our teams are providing to customers. At a recent customer advisory board meeting, we got feedback from key decision makers from various pharmaceutical and med device companies. They talked about the need for more systems and solutions that can support and improve patient care in the injectable space. We are addressing these needs with new product development and initiatives such as our integrated solutions programs. We're also expanding our capabilities to include drug handling and cold storage within contract manufacturing. All of which will allow us to partner more closely with our customers as they work to introduce new products to the market. Through the execution of our strategy we're focused on delivering on our financial goals to grow our business, expanding operating margins and generate more cash for our business to reinvest in our future. We're confident in our growth strategy across the markets we serve for the both short and long-term and look forward to carrying this momentum through the year. Jimmy we're ready to take questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Paul Knight with Janney Montgomery. Your line is now open.
Paul Knight: Hi, Eric can you talk to the operating margin initiatives that you have undertook and are reflected in the quarter? And what you're doing in the months and years ahead?
Eric Green: Yeah, good morning Paul, and thank you for the question. No, the team's done a good job and focused on driving margin improvements as we discussed it's been our focus of 100 basis points per year ongoing. And so there's two really key drivers. One is we're getting good mix shift with our solid high value product growth from a product point of view. And if you look at the outlook and the order book that we have on hand, we're pretty confident we should see continued growth and adoption of the high value product portfolio. When we move down the income statement, so thinking about in SG&A while there was some cost to the remediation of the Vial2Bag, we've offset that was really leveraging the existing asset base around the -- of our SG&A to be more effective on a global basis. And what you're seeing is it's really fallen down through to the operating margin expansion. So I would say those are the two biggest levers. One area that we need to focus and work on, the teams are very cognizant of that is expanding our margins in Contract Manufacturing. So we still have more work to do to continue that momentum there Paul.
Paul Knight: And what's your -- what's latest on the Ireland facility, specifically capacity utilization in those facilities?
Eric Green: Yeah. And specifically in Dublin, we're still ramping up on a couple areas, and are Contract Manufacturing in regards to -- in the diabetes space, and also in auto injectors. And so as we continue -- we're not at the full capacity at this point in time. As you know, as we install the capacity and we've seen ramp-up throughout 2019, so we should see closer to capacity towards the mid to the end of the year. When we think about Waterford, which is really the state-of-the-art facility for high-value product portfolio, we're seeing increasing demand in regards to our Westar Select offering that we recently launched. And while we're still -- obviously there's headwinds on cost of that facility until we fill it, they're dissipating because we're gaining more revenues through the plant as we speak. So to give you a number around that, we're probably about $5 million better this year than we were last year.
Paul Knight: Okay. And lastly on Vial2Bag guidance, you are no longer assuming that that is a product and sales again this year, but is there any change in your process of getting that product or any change in customer feedback? Or is it conservatism? Thank you.
Eric Green: No. I would -- thanks for the question. Now Paul, I would say at this point of time, the teams are working diligently to get -- working with the regulatory authorities to get the product back in the market. We are still getting significant response from the marketplace, particularly the hospitals saying that this product does create -- it helps them deliver better patient care. So we are working with them diligently. We've gone through user research human factors device testing, all the necessary steps, and I'm confident the team will have a product back to the market that we can continue to stand behind and support the healthcare the hospitals. We have -- as you noted, we reduced our guidance. We never reduce the guidance. The guidance stays the same. But we reduced the contribution of Vial2Bag to be conservative, because it's uncertain at this time exact point of time when we'll be back in the market.
Paul Knight: Thank you very much.
Eric Green: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Windley with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
David Windley: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Im wondering if you could first on that last question quantify the delta in guidance. Obviously, Eric you said, guidance didn't change, but what is the amount of change in Vial2Bag that you're absorbing in that guidance update?
Bernard Birkett: We're probably taking about $12 million plus.
David Windley: Okay. All right, very helpful. Thank you, Bernard. Eric on the -- to follow-up on Paul's question on efficiency and margin, I hear you talking about mix shift in HVP, and that certainly helps. We all know the margin differential there. You're also taking some absolute cost out. You mentioned Indiana, a couple other facilities to consolidate over the balance of this year. How should we think about that -- those activities influencing margin? Is it simply the $14 million that's listed in the press release that essentially comes out of the operating cost? Or are there more dynamics that we need to consider?
Eric Green: Hey, David, it's a great question. I would tell you, it's on the spot two years now ago we pulled together the global operations. At that point of time, we had 28 sites. While you'd say it had a discrete purpose obviously to service our customers. By globalizing the operations, we have more opportunities to leverage across our operations globally. So to gain some point, we've created centers of excellence our investments around capital are going to specific sites for specific product portfolios. This focus is allowing us to leverage not just on capital investments, but also on labor. So think about burden reduction and you think about asset utilization, these are key indicators that we're looking at. It's not a one-year journey. It's a multiple-year journey. I'd say, we're still in the early stages, but I'm actually quite excited because it's  when you go to the plants, you're seeing it. You can see the improvements, when you're sort of getting  sitting down looking at the labor burden rates. So you're absolutely correct the gross margin expansion, while major thesis and driver of that is around high-value product conversion, this global operation opportunity and the One West business system we've put in place should enhance that on a  going forward on a continuous basis.
David Windley: And so on that are we seeing that today? Or is that not really something that's materially impacting your financials yet?
Eric Green: It's  I would characterize it as minimal at this point in time, because some of these site consolidations required costs and I know it's taken  we are looking at a restructuring on that part of the activity. But these are really early initiatives that we have in place, while we're seeing some of the benefit I would say the larger benefits are more forward-looking at this point, Dave.
David Windley: Okay. Which is encouraging when I look at the margin performance, the idea that that's still to come is certainly encouraging on, so my last question is on this margin performance. If not the added benefit from what we just discussed, how did  what are the factors that drove kind of a 45% to 50% sequential incremental margin in Proprietary Products? So, looking at it that way or if I look year-over-year it was actually 100%. Talk about the various factors that are driving that kind of incremental margin improvement.
Bernard Birkett: Yeah. That's  one of the major drivers of the margin expansion that you're seeing is really in the biologics as the high-value product growth. Let me get a little more granular. If you look at the NovaPure product portfolio that we've been talking about over the last couple of years, we've seeded the market. And it takes time to seed the market and get the expansion. I can tell you in the first quarter, the absolute dollar value of revenues is 2x, in NovaPure and you know where that fits in our portfolio of products it's the highest ASP and the most profitable. And so we're gaining traction on initiatives that we've seeded a couple  a few years ago that we're seeing come through and it's particularly in the biologics area. So you're right to point out that's one of the biggest drivers in the margin expansion that we have today. On a consolidated basis, it's true though that Contract Manufacturing's brought it back and that's why we have that focus to make sure that we continue to expand our CM business in addition to high-value product growth.
David Windley: Got it. Great. Thank you very much. Very interesting.
Bernard Birkett: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Larry Solow with CJS Securities. Your line is now open.
Larry Solow: Great. Thanks, guys. Good morning. Great quarter. Just a couple of questions on the margin enhancement is the  on the Proprietary Products particularly is that  these margins it sounds like with sustainable high-value  growth in the high-value products and ongoing efficiencies. Are these margins plus or minus somewhat sustainable as we look out through the year?
Eric Green: I would say the  if you think about, we want to continue to have high  well, we are going to continue to have high-value product growth in double-digits for the balance of the year. It was very strong in Q1. We anticipate it to continue throughout maybe not as  it's by lower double digits in the second half, because of stronger comps. Now let me say that, we're still thinking about the margin expansion we do think it's sustainable. If you think about the thesis of  the high-value product portfolio while it's 60% of the revenues from a units perspective it's still about approximately 20% of the units. When we think about the pipeline of that we're feeding right now in the biologics and also the work we're doing with AccelTRA and generics in the opportunity for conversion over the next one or two years that's why we have confidence of continued healthy margin expansion to give us that 100-plus basis points of operating margins over long periods of time.
Larry Solow: And it's really nice you received this NovaPure ground, because I was just looking back a couple of years ago, I had  some write-ups and I went ahead. It was just sort of in the beginning of a sort of hockey stick growth if you will but on the front end of it. And you mentioned two double contributions this year. Is that still -- I imagine on volume basis there's still lots of opportunity and I imagine still -- I don't know help me if you can.
Bernard Birkett: Yeah. Larry it's a dimension that was about less than 2% of revenues last year for NovaPure. So -- but if you can -- we continue to focus on the pipeline and that's what drives this portfolio. It's what's in the pipeline that's coming through. We've been seeding it for, a period of time and that's the exciting part you think about the number of biologics that are in the pipeline more than they have been in the past. And the other exciting part is that, we're touching a lot of smaller biotech companies, if you look at our portfolio of customers. And there is a, statistic recently roughly around three-fourth of the drug molecules coming through are coming from the smaller firms. So it equates well for us as we start thinking about future growth potential.
Larry Solow: And just on the foot on the Contract Manufacturing piece. I realize, I guess, some of that's still sort of overhead capacity absorption. Just any other more color there obviously it sounded like these global initiatives I assume will help Contract Manufacturing as well a little bit. We're just such strong growth top line this year I would figure maybe the gross profit margin would have moved a little bit higher. Any color on that?
Bernard Birkett: Yeah, what we're seeing with that is that, just if we look at the products and sales we are seeing a margin expansion in line with our expectations. I think in the first quarter, as we commented earlier it's down to product mix. And we did have a lot of tooling costs, our tooling sales and engineering sales and they typically have a much lower-margin profile. So that impacted the gross margin percentage within the quarter. But when we look out for the remainder of 2019 and beyond we would expect to see incremental improvements in gross margin within contract.
Larry Solow: Okay great. And then just lastly, Eric you mentioned sort of it seems like somewhat of an acceleration in some strategic agreements across lot of your platforms. Maybe a little bit more color on that. Maybe update on SmartDose and CZ?
Eric Green: Yeah. No absolutely Larry. What's -- it's exciting we're seeing a -- look we have more work to do with our clients and our customers. But we have a number of -- in the double-digits of feasibility and development agreements with specific customers around SmartDose. And we obviously had discussions with several more. Some of our customers are making that public, but we tend not to discuss the details in great detail. So, we're feeling more comfortable as we start thinking about the potential of SmartDose. But I would say like we experienced with the path it's a long journey to get it to over the line and get it as a combination device in the market. Now what's encouraging on top of that is, not just in the biologics space we're seeing the interest level increase in our generics space. So, and that takes me over to the SelfDose. We have three distinct customers that are going into commercial launches with SelfDose. This is that, our unique product in the auto-injector space that is gaining traction for the dosing with multiple molecules. The last thing I'll comment is on CZ. We obviously use CZ for the SmartDose component. But what's also encouraging, we've been working for quite a while with a couple of customers on one mL Insert Needle. And we're looking at commercialization later on in 2019 early 2020. So as you think about these development agreements they take time to development and work through but, it's very encouraging and the quality of these agreements are strengthening also.
Larry Solow: Okay. And then just lastly I might add you had a really great start to the year and obviously have realized some of the year-over-year increases were due to a little bit of a better easy comp compared to Q1 2018. But just, what's some of the initiatives going on? And sort of your guidance sort of implies like a 50bps-ish decline in operating margin from the Q1 level. Might there be a sense of conservatism in that? Or how should I sort of connect those dots?
Bernard Birkett: Yeah. Again we've got a lot of initiatives going on of focus, but we have to be really focused and disciplined in our approach. And the key thing for us is to execute on the guidance that we've put out there and that's foremost in our minds. And that's why we want to make sure that it's the first quarter and it's been a really positive start. And we will make sure that traction continues as we move through 2019.
Larry Solow: Fair enough, great. I appreciate that. Thank you very much.
Bernard Birkett: Thank you, Larry.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from John Kreger with William Blair. Your line is now open.
John Kreger: Hi, thanks very much. I wanted to ask another question on the margin outlook for Contract Manufacturing. Bern you said you expect it to improve sequentially, do you expect for the whole year to have an improvement in gross margin or should we still assume it's down year-over-year for the full year?
Bernard Birkett: No, we would expect to have an improvement -- an overall improvement year-over-year as we move through 2019. And we -- there are a number of initiatives underway; there is a lot of focus within that area because we realize that we want to capitalize on the revenue growth and we know we have to improve the margins within that business. And we've seen this take place in the proprietary business, so if you look over the last four quarters, we've seen margin improve in that area. And now our focus is on improving within Contract Manufacturing to make sure that we capitalize on the total revenue growth that the business has seen.
John Kreger: Great. Thank you. A question about the geographic mix. What sort of growth differentials do you expect across regions based upon your pipeline at this point? And does that have a mix impact on margins?
Eric Green: I'll start with this Bernard. When we look at the growth in the first part of the year, it's pretty even when you think about the Americas and Europe. It's close to the double-digits. In Asia as you know it's a smaller piece of our overall business. Overall, we're looking at for the full year about double digits as we have done the last couple of years. And that we're actually more excited now with South Korea onboard and it will be able to generate more revenue growth in that particular market. But as we go forward it's relatively a consistent growth across the three regions. What's interesting is when you think about generics it's a healthy growth in both the Americas and Europe and obviously biologics that's more right now it's heavily in the U.S. markets as we speak. So, that's kind of the mix that you would see. But we're not seeing much of a difference at this point in time in the different geographies.
John Kreger: Great. Thank you. And then just one last one. Are you able to tell us what impact of Vial2Bag recall and your remediation efforts for that had on Q1 EBIT margin?
Bernard Birkett: Yes, cost-wise, we probably picked up $2 million to $3 million in incremental cost within our SG&A line. We did look at and have some inventory obsolescence accrued for within COGS and that ranges at about just over $4 million and that -- and then we had some other one-time as we -- just in case people start to backing that out at the COGS number and extrapolating into margin we had some one-time revenues that came in from agreements that we have in place around our SmartDose device. So, that kind of offset the obsolescence charge.
John Kreger: Great. Thank you.
Bernard Birkett: Thank you, John.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Derik DeBruin with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Juan Avendano: Hi, this is Juan on behalf of Derik. Congratulations on the quarter. My first question is on research and development. Total R&D spend as a percentage of sales has come down slightly it's been down about by 10 basis points year-over-year over the last couple of years. Can you tell us about your outlook on R&D spend going forward? If you see R&D spend continuing to decline as a percentage of sales going forward? And how do you see all about this level of R&D spend and your ability to continue to innovate on high-value products and self-injection devices?
Eric Green: Yes, Juan it's a great question and thank you for dialing in this morning. We -- when we take a look at R&D, I would like to first isolate against proprietary as CM is growing much faster than rest of the business. I think as a percentage of sales you're right it's somewhat flat may be slightly down. What we are seeing though is that there's a significant amount of resources within our R&D team that are focused on these development agreements for our customers. In particular it's not just in devices, but it's also in some of our elastomer components that we're designing for -- on behalf of specific customer. So when you think about that and that's actually on the rise and that we capture that in our COGS or cost of goods sold and -- to obviously get revenue to offset that. So if we look at that in the totality, it's probably relatively neutral slightly up as far as expense as a percentage of sales come out of our R&D group. Now it's a great question about the future, making sure that we are seeding the future portfolio, we continuously evaluate how we're going to use leverage R&D and look at, is there opportunities to put more resources particularly in our core part of our business. And that's an ongoing review, Juan and we will continue to feed it if there's opportunity for future growth in new product.
Juan Avendano: Okay, good. The Contract Manufacturing segment has grown low double digits in the last couple of years. And it has exceeded your guidance in both years started off being mid-single digit and then eventually high single digits, but it did exceed your guidance. And so I know that for this year, you're continuing to guide mid-single-digit growth for the whole year. How conservative is that and why can't the CMO segment continue to do low double-digit growth going forward? Especially after you realigned this business to do more health care business as opposed to consumer products? What is the new long-term growth target for this segment going forward?
Eric Green: Yeah, Juan it's a good question. I think when we look at installed capacity, we're just looking at how as we're building components for our customers. The installed capacity and the ramp-up we have for this year and what we have on the order book gives us confidence to be solid in the mid-single. There's always upside I want to tell you what the upside, the upside is the diabetes market continues to I guess I would argue exceed expectations and the actually phenomenal impact it's having on patient health care. And so we -- and we play part of that, we're part of that not just from a device point of view, but also from an auto-injector. So -- and then a lot of it comes from our Contact Manufacturing, but we also benefit with some of the primary containment elastomer coming out of our proprietary business. So Juan you're correct that part of the diabetes market has been a little bit more aggressive than we anticipated I would say if we look back. We do have some pretty tough comps in the second half of this year and that's why we are seeing that as lot more mid single-digit. And as we go forward, we have deemphasized consumer product that's less than 10% of our revenue within Contract Manufacturing today and we'll continue to invest in the health care space. So I would say Juan it's a -- we're in a good situation but we need to continuously improve the margin and profitability of that unit that's our primary focus outside of -- making sure we deliver on time in the fall and high quality to our customers. But we got to get profitability and then we'll continue to expand as we see profitable business coming to the -- into West.
Juan Avendano: Okay, got it. And one last one if I may. It's sort of a very different question. A lot of people don't focus on this. But when I look at your product sales by -- I mean your overall sales by product type, we barely talk about the standard packaging components; everyone just focuses on the high-value product. But I was looking at historical slides for standard packaging components. When I compare the slides that you typically would have noted with the bubbles and the gross margin associated by product type and the five-year CAGR associated with them, I've noticed that for standard packaging components, the size of the bubble has decreased significantly. The growth profile has gone from mid-single digits to about low single digits and the margin -- gross margin profile with standard packaging components has come down from a high 20s to below the CMO segment and so about mid-teens at best. And so given that this product category still accounts for over 30% of sales on a product basis, can you just give us an update on the standard of packaging components? Any loss to high value products and your outlook in this product category in the future?
Eric Green: Yeah, Juan it's a good question. We look at standard products. Obviously it remains an important part of our portfolio because there are several molecules in the market that rely on that portfolio. I can tell you, our global operations initiative one area they are looking at is continuously driving cost out of the system, so we can continue to deliver the product -- high-quality product to our customers. Now, when you think about the conversion of existing products to high-value products with our customers, so standard to high-value products that is still going on, so when you think about a high-value product growth in strong double digits that's not just new product pipeline or just biologics. That's spread throughout all three of the market units. And so there is an element of conversion and therefore there is -- I will say it in a different way, there's a little bit of cannibalization of ourselves. But it's a good thing because we get better ASP and get better margin. When you look at the margins itself, we don't believe that it's declining as much as I think you were articulating there. It's relatively consistent I would say. You're right. We probably don't get a lot of price, additional price in that area, its probably less -- it's less than 1%, it's still positive. But I would say it's -- we're really focused on driving cost and lean-out the system at this point in time.
Juan Avendano: Okay, got it. And in that vein, I guess, can you give us an update on the market penetration rates of high-value products by customers and so pharma, biologics and generics and overall? What percent of volumes do they make up overall and across each customer category nowadays?
Eric Green: Yes, so on the biologics space over 90% of our transactions are what we classify as high-value products and it's just the nature of the portfolio. When you think about the generics side -- and by the way, when we think about the pipeline feeding the pipeline, if it was -- we were doing Westar RU, if we're doing coating and then also the FluroTec coating and also maybe Envision, our focus from that point is moving them up to NovaPure. So there is a conversion within the high-value products, we're still focused on -- in biologics. In generics, it's roughly around 50% of the portfolio is high-value products and you can see that increase. The reason why is because of the AccelTRA program which is gaining a lot of attention from our customers and interest to convert over the next couple of years. So you'll see that shift from 50% to much higher over the next couple of years. And when you think about pharma that's probably a slower transition. It's roughly around 30% to 40% -- roughly 35% to 40% of pharma is in high-value products, but I wouldn't say the shift towards HVP will be faster than generics. Let's say it's probably just slower just for the nature of the product.
Juan Avendano: And overall?
Eric Green: Well again, overall it's 20% of the volume we produce out of our elastomer portfolio and it's 60% of the revenue in Q1. It's just to give you that 60% of proprietary sales and it's roughly around 20% of the units and that's -- I'm using Q1 as the proxy and it's relative -- slightly better than it was last year.
Juan Avendano: All right. Thank you. I appreciate the update and I'll follow-up online with additional questions.
Eric Green: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm showing no further questions in the queue at this time. I'd like to turn the call back to Quintin Lai for any closing remarks.
Quintin Lai: Thanks Jimmy. Thank you for joining us on today's conference call. An online archive of the broadcast would be available on our website in the Investors section. Additionally, you may access the replay through Thursday, May 2 by dialing the numbers and conference ID provided at the end of today's earnings release. This concludes today's call. Have a nice day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude your program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-14 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q4 2018 West Pharmaceutical Services Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions for to participate will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays conference, Mr. Quintin Lai, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Quintin Lai: Thank you, Jimmy. Good morning, and welcome to Wests fourth quarter and full year 2018 conference call. We issued our financial results this morning and the release has been posted in the Investor section on the Companys website located at www.westpharma.com. This morning CEO, Eric Green; and CFO, Bernard Birkett, will review our results, provide an update on our business, and provide a financial outlook for the full year 2019. Theres a slide presentation that accompanies todays call and a copy of that presentation is available on the Investor section of our website. On Slide 2 is the Safe Harbor statement. Statements made by management on the call and in the presentation contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. federal securities law. These statements are based on managements beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates, and forecasts. There are many factors that can influence the Companys future results that are beyond the ability of the company to control or predict. Because of these known or unknown risks or uncertainties, actual results could differ materially from past results and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement. For a non-exclusive list of factors which could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, please refer to todays press release as well as any further disclosures the company makes regarding the risk to which it is subject in the Companys 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports. In addition, during todays call, management will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures, including: sales in constant currency, organic sales growth, adjusted operating profit, adjusted operating profit margin, and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in this mornings earnings release. I now turn the call over to Wests CEO and President, Eric Green.
Eric Green: Thank you, Quintin. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We made good progress in 2018 to execute our market-led strategy, focusing on the containment and delivery of injectable medicines and the globalization of our operations. And the results of these efforts are driving our 2019 outlook and beyond. We see no change in the positive market trends that support our business. More and more prescription medicines are being developed as injectable drugs. Our customer base continues to grow around the world with faster growth in Asia-Pacific and South America. The bar for quality and reliability continues to be raised by both our customers and global regulators. Our customers continue to request technical and regulatory services to support the packaging and delivery of their products. And companies are looking to couple their drugs with differentiated delivery devices to improve patient adoption and adherence. Each year, we have seen growing interest in demand for our high-value product offerings, device platforms and our Contract Manufacturing services. As we look to 2019, we are focusing the forecast organic growth in line with our long-term financial contract. Before I review the specifics of our 2018 performance, I want to address the voluntary recall of Vial2Bag, which was announced in January. The recall was prompted by reports of potential variable dosing with our 13-millimeter device. Less top priority is ensuring the quality of our products and the safety of the patients using them. It was this patient-first mindset that drove us to recall the entire Vial2Bag portfolio. So that we can thoroughly analyze these reports and ensure that our products can be safely used. Our hospital customers tell us that our Vial2Bag devices has significantly advanced the standard of care for medicines, delivered by way of infusion. We continue to believe strongly in Vial2Bag and are working closely with the FDA and other regulatory bodies with the aim of getting back to the market as soon as we can. Because we have built a diverse portfolio of high-value products and services, we still anticipate 6% to 8% organic growth in 2019. Lets take a look at each of the market units now. Slide 4 shows a detailed summary of sales performance in 2018. With the impact of voluntary recall, Pharma was flat in the fourth quarter. However, the underlying fundamentals of this market are intact and the rest of the Pharma business continues to perform in line with our expectations. Generics finished the year on a solid note. We continue to have strong growing interest in our AccelTRA product line and our Generics market unit has seen heightened adoption of our self-injection devices. Turning to Biologics, I am pleased to report that Biologics returned to growth in the fourth quarter, even up against a difficult comp from last year. With most of the headwinds that we experienced last year behind us, we are encouraged with a strong start to this year and can report Biologics is on track to grow as expected. Contract Manufacturing ended the year with a sales run rate similar to that of Q3 as we anticipated. This segment grew sales significantly in 2018. It is all the more impressive when we step back and consider we had a gap from the loss of consumer product sales last year and a challenge to scale up production for multiple customers in the diabetes space. As we look to 2019, the focus will be on improving margins while we continue to grow the top line. We are working to address margin improvement with the addition of value-added services and ongoing operational excellence initiatives. Lets turn now to operations and some of the progress we are seeing here on Slide 5. In only its second full year, our global operations team has generated improved plant utilization, while increasing our industry-leading quality metrics and lowering our capital-spending requirements. Our One West business operating system is delivering near-term efficiencies and best-in-class manufacturing practices to drive further growth and profitability. Highlights from last year include record-setting improvements in quality, safety and on-time delivery. 60 basis points of gross profit margin expansion led by 220 points from our Proprietary Products segment. The opening of our new state-of-the-art Waterford, Ireland site, and increased plant utilization across the network, which reduced capital expenditure to $105 million leading to a higher free cash flow generation. We are in early in our journey. The team is implementing more initiatives that will raise the bar in quality and leadtimes while we work to support new capacity for innovative products and reduce overall costs. Coupled with the gross margin lift we are getting from greater high-value product sales, we expect Global Operations to be a key lever for the company to achieve its long-term target of 100 basis points of operating profit margin improvement per year. Wests stability to drive this margin improvement comes from the scale and scope of our Global Operations. On Slide 6, we are excited to highlight the development of our business in some of the fastest-growing and dynamic regions of the world. Sales in the Asia-Pacific and South American markets are currently about 10% of total sales and growing at double-digits. With manufacturing locations in Singapore, China, India and Brazil, and sales offices throughout many countries within these regions, West is well positioned in these growing markets. The quality standards imposed by regulators and customers alike in these regions continue to increase. And as a result, we are seeing strong high-value product demand. In an effort to further strengthen our market position in the Asia-Pacific region, we are pleased to announce that we have entered into an agreement to acquire the business of our distributor in South Korea. The transaction which is expected to close in April this year and is not factored into our current guidance includes customer relationships, related assets and employees. We are excited to build upon the strong foundation that our distributor has established with the global reach of our One West network so that we can deepen our presence in this fast-growing and strategic market. Slide 7 highlights the ongoing R&D strategy designed to fuel our future growth. This strategy is based on three core pillars and is generating new packaging components offerings, higher-quality products and self-injection technologies to address the needs of the market we serve. In 2018, we saw the launch of Westar Select, Daikyo D Sigma components and an extension of our AccelTRA product line. We also saw two commercial launches for our customers with our SelfDose patient-controlled injector. In 2019, we anticipate additional new product launches in line extensions across these core areas. In fact, I want to take a moment to share some exciting developments in the area of delivery devices. We continue to see strong customer interest in our SmartDose drug delivery platform. The SmartDose system was the first FDA-approved variable prefilled drug delivery combination product. Notably, we are seeing broad-based interest across our market units for this product. For example, scPharmaceuticals, one of our Generics customers, announced that it is moving its key pipeline drug forward with our SmartDose platform. This is just one example of a number of development agreements, our teams are executing. As our R&D team works to further advanced our self-injection technologies. These products will complement our high value product strategy to drive the companys future growth. Now Ill turn it over to our CFO, Bernard Birkett, who will provide more detail on our financial performance and our long-term outlook. Bernard?
Bernard Birkett: Thank you, Eric, and good morning everybody. So lets review the numbers in a little more detail. Our financial results are summarized on Slide 8 and the reconciliation of non-GAAP measures are described in Slides 13 to 17. We reported for the fourth quarter, net sales of $422.5 million, representing organic growth 3.6% on a constant currency basis. Excluding Vial2Bag recall, organic constant currency growth would have been 6.3%. Gross profit of $133.2 million is $4.6 million or 3.6% above Q4 of 2017. Gross profit margin was 31.5%, a 60 basis point expansion from the same period last year. Adjusted operating profit of $67.1 million compared to Q4 2017 $60.4 million shows an improvement of 90 basis points. And adjusted diluted EPS of $0.73 as compared to $0.64 last year representing EPS growth of approximately 14%. Looking more closely at each segment of our business, Proprietary Products organic sales increased 3.7%. Our high-value products represented 56% of the Q4 2018 sales, approximately the same level as achieved in Q4 2017. For the full year 2018, we had mid-single-digit sales growth in high-value products as expected. Contract Manufacturing net organic sales increased by 3.1%, slightly above our expectations. Continued growth in support of diagnostic and delivery systems for treatment of diabetes are driving much of the increase in sales. On Slide 9, we showed the contributions to sales growth in the quarter. Volume and mix contributed $18.4 million, or 4.4 percentage points of growth. Sales price increased  increases contributed $2.5 million or 0.6 percentage points of growth. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates reduced sales by $7.9 million or a reduction of 1.9 percentage points and the loss of a consumer contract manufacturing customer of $6.1 million or 1.5 percentage points. Moving onto margin performance, Slide 10 shows our consolidated gross profit margin of 31.5% for Q4 2018, up from 30.9% in Q4 2017. Proprietary Products fourth quarter gross margin of 37% was 220 basis points above the margin achieved in the fourth quarter of 2017. This continued improvement in gross margin is primarily due to higher efficiencies and positive sales mix, which more than offset the impact from the voluntary recall, unabsorbed overhead from Waterford and a higher raw material costs. The Waterford facility generated its first sales of commercial product in Q3 and we expect continued improvement in operational efficiencies as our utilization of this facility increases throughout 2019. Contract Manufacturing fourth quarter gross margin of 16.4% decreased by 370 basis points compared to the prior year quarter. The year-over-year decrease in margins is due to unabsorbed overheads from plant consolidation activities, start-up costs associated with the launch of new programs and unfavorable sales mix. However, margins continued to improve with an increase over contract manufacturing gross margins in Q3 2018, which was in line with our expectations and comments on our Q3 call. We have continued confidence that contract manufacturing margins will improve further into 2019, as we complete our restructuring activities, continue to improve our efficiency and utilization levels and deliver on the new customer programs. Q4 2018 consolidated SG&A expense remained relatively flat versus the prior year quarter. As a percentage of sales, fourth quarter 2018 SG&A expense was 14.1%, a decrease of 20 basis points as compared to the fourth quarter of 2017 and in line with our expectations. Slide 11 shows our key cash flow metrics. Operating cash flow was $288.6 million for the full year 2018, an increase of $25.3 million compared to full year 2017. Part of this improvement is the non-recurrence of a $20 million voluntary pension contribution made in the prior year. Our full year capital spending was $104.7 million, $26.1 million or approximately 20% lower than a year-ago. As we have completed our major construction projects in Ireland and as we begin to see the early benefits from our global operations initiatives on capacity utilization and optimization. Reviewing some balance sheet takeaways, our cash balance at December 31 of $337 million was $101.5 million more than our December 2017 balance, an improvement of approximately 43%. Debt at December 31, 2018, of $196 million is roughly the same level as at year-end 2017, and on a net debt to total invested capital ratio basis, we are completely delevered. Working capital of $610.7 million at December 31 was $146.7 million higher than at prior year-end. In addition to the increase in our cash balances and cash represents 69% of the increase, most of the remaining increases in receivables related to the growth in our business and an increase in our day sales outstanding metric. We have seen improvements in our inventory metrics as our days in inventory have reduced by approximately 2%. As we consider Q4 results and look ahead to 2019, we have provided our sales and adjusted diluted EPS guidance for 2019, which is summarized on Slide 12. We expect our full-year sales to be in the range of $1.795 billion to $1.82 billion, representing an expected constant currency organic sales growth of 6% to 8% over 2018 reported net sales. This assumes a negative impact of approximately $30 million to full year 2019 sales based on current foreign currency exchange rates. We expect full year 2019 adjusted diluted EPS of $2.77 to $2.89, which assumes operating profit margin expansion of approximately 100 basis points, and guidance excludes tax benefits from stock-based compensation. Excluding this, EPS growth is in the range of 6% to 10%. Growth excluding FX and tax benefit from stock-based compensation is in the range of 8% to 13%. To be clear, this guidance format is returning to the format we used in 2017, where we also did not include tax benefits from stock-based comp in guidance. To try to forecast these tax benefits would mean trying to forecast items we do not control, such as stock option exercises by our former and current employees. Instead, we expect to recognize potential tax benefits as they occur. As a result, as we recognize them, we expect to see upside in our adjusted diluted 2019 EPS guidance. CapEx for 2019 is forecast to be in the range of $120 million to $130 million. So to summarize the key takeaways for the quarter, we saw continued consolidated sales growth, gross margin increases in our Proprietary Product segment and improving margins in our Contract Manufacturing segment. Strong growth and adjusted diluted EPS over Q4 2017, together with strong operating cash flow growth. All projections for 2019 are in line with our long-term construct of 6% to 8% revenue growth, operating margin improvement of 100 basis points and EPS expansion. I now like to turn the call back over to Eric Green.
Eric Green: Thank you, Bernard. Our work in 2018 has positioned us well to grow organic sales and expand operating margins to increase free cash flow, all in line with our long-term financial construct. Our diverse portfolio of high-value products and services is on track for continued growth, and will be fueled by new products in line extensions. We are making significant progress in our global operations to deliver improved efficiencies, while deploying cutting-edge manufacturing strategies to advance our already strong position in service and quality. We are confident in our strategy for continued growth across the geographies and markets we serve, for both the short and long-term and look forward to the coming year. Jimmy, were ready to take questions. Thank you.
Operator: Understand. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Paul Knight with Janney Montgomery. Your line is now open.
Paul Knight: Hi Bernard, and everybody, its a  thanks for the time. Question on guidance. The 6% to 8% obviously maintain kind of what youve been talking about historically, yet the recall business is I guess out of numbers. What is causing you to have the confidence that you can maintain and in fact say your business, core business, seems to be a little bit better? Is that what youre saying? And whats behind that effectively?
Eric Green: Yeah, Paul, thank you for the questions. This is Eric. When we look at the business in 2018, our confidence of stronger growth than weve experienced in 2018, our core business, particularly in the proprietary products is really driven by the growth that were starting to see in the biologics that we anticipated. So if we recall in 2018 biologics is relatively flat with due to some restocking and some replenishment of earlier launches. As we look into 2019, we believe in the biologics business units can return to what we consider as typical growth for West, which is in the high single digit range. And that really  that unit really drives the high value products. In addition to that, when we look at the generics business, we did fairly well in 2018. However, were starting to see additional growth with the launch of new products like AccelTRA and the new interest around self-injection devices in that area, which has now been commercialized. So those are the key drivers. It gives us the confidence and the growth that we were going to be returning to that higher growth in the proprietary area.
Quintin Lai: Paul, do you have any other questions?
Paul Knight: Im sorry. Is  the operating margin expansion youre guiding due to this  again this growth youre guiding to in biosimilars and high value-add products there, Eric?
Eric Green: Yeah. Paul, the driver of operating margin expansion is coming with a twofold. One is as we grow the high value products, high single, low double digits, that does give us some margin expansion naturally with the shift. And then the balance of that really is coming from our global operations. Weve demonstrated that were gaining traction and particularly in the proprietary area of margin expansion and were confident that we were getting our hands around the contract manufacturing area as we scaled up last year with a lot of  with new installed equipment that we should be able to get further margin expansion in that area in 2019. So its a combination of both, Paul, as we kind of move forward throughout 2019.
Paul Knight: And then lastly on the product recall, is there any associated liability? Can you measure that? Any color there would be appreciated. Thank you.
Eric Green: Yeah, thanks, Paul. I think just to be clear, when we look at the events that occurred in late 2018, we had a couple of reports from healthcare professionals, really the effect of a particular drug in the marketplace was oxytocin, which is variable and predictable when used with the Vial2Bag DC 13 millimeter device. When you look at the Vial2Bag portfolio, this particular device is a small percentage of that entire portfolio. We took a very  while theres not been a causal relationship determined between these events and the device, weve taken the approach to ensure patient safety by pulling the entire portfolio at the market, while we do the analysis and work with the regulatory bodies to bring the product back onto the market at the appropriate time and were doing everything we can to bring it back as soon as possible. We still believe in the product. Our customers are very keen to get the product back into the hospital sector because its very supportive of what theyre trying to get accomplished. So thats where we are, Paul, at this point in time. Were doing everything possible to ensure weve done the root cause analysis, make sure everything is analyzed and gives us confidence we can go back to the market safely.
Paul Knight: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Larry Solow, CJS Securities. Your line is now open.
Larry Solow: Great, thanks guys. Just a quick follow up on the Vial2Bag. It sounds like youre erring on the side of patient safety, which obviously is what you should be doing. It seems like that the 25 million have been growing pretty fast. I guess the $11 million and a quarter, I dont think theres probably some seasonality there, but did you  do you expect this product back even sometime this year even though you dont really know for sure its not included in guidance?
Bernard Birkett: Well, when we look at our guidance, the range is pretty wide, so it covers a number of different eventualities. So, we got to be careful on the timing. We just have to make sure we do our work and we work with the regulatory authorities to make sure that you get it back as fast as possible, but our guidance reflects that.
Larry Solow: But to be clear, is that  are you not including that number at all? Or are you actually incorporating it that it does actually get back even to some number  something in your numbers there, or is it sort of made it completely from guidance?
Bernard Birkett: The guidance covers a range of possibilities. Ill put it to you that way.
Larry Solow: Okay.
Bernard Birkett: But even with that, we were still guiding to 6% to 8%. And the other thing, just to be careful that I think you mentioned there that its about $11 million a quarter. And the annual revenue for 2018, the total revenue was $24 million for the year.
Larry Solow: Right. Thats what I was saying. So it seems like $11 million number, we shouldnt extrapolate. It sounds like there is some seasonality in that number, but I do believe that the $25 million annual number probably had  you had some pretty good growth this year. I know you have called it out in think in Q2, and Q3 is doing well. And perhaps that maybe that benefit a little bit from shortages in the solutions and bag side on the IV industry and the infusion industry itself, but it does sound like there was some considerable growth in that product, but not the $11 million quarterly, I get that. I just thought thats a seasonal shift.
Bernard Birkett: Yes, thats a seasonal number. So thats the level of returns we saw. So there would have been inventory in the field and with our distributors.
Larry Solow: Right. Okay. And then just on the free cash flow, obviously, you guys, I think operating cash flow grew 10%, free cash flow grew close to 40%. You did a wonderful job bringing CapEx down. I think it was even lower than the previous guide down and material lower from the last two years. If this $105 million plus or minus number, is this a sustainable level or something?
Bernard Birkett: Weve guide at $120 million to $130 million for 2019.
Larry Solow: Okay.
Bernard Birkett: But we just call it right on our
Larry Solow: Right. But it is okay, actually Ive missed that. But I know last year I think you had originally guided towards a similar number in 2018 and you came down materially lower. Can you maybe sort of bridge what would drove the number down considerably from the guidance and what would change that this year?
Eric Green: Yes, Larry, this is Eric. Its a good question. I know that a year ago or so we guided around $150 million to $175 million. I think prior years were roughly around that area. And we think about the team we put together has truly globalized the operations about year and a half, two years ago. One of the remits was to start thinking about how do we utilize our assets more effectively instead of running each site independently. And therefore, what we have done is we have able to be identify where we put the next dollar of assets into which locations it really optimize the global network. So we guided this year at $120 million, $130 million. Thats still includes incorporates about $40 million, $45 million a year for maintenance, which we need to do with all the process and equipments we have around the world. We do have about $10 million to $15 million to $20 million depending on the year around our IT infrastructure to continuously enhance that and improve our operating systems. And then, the balance of that has growth initiatives. And I can assure you that the growth initiatives are still quite prevalent in our conversations, but how we allocate, where that goes, were starting to leverage existing assets instead of building new facilities. Thats probably the biggest difference. So guiding at $120 million to $130 million, were very confident in that corridor and thats what several new growth initiatives that we have in the pipeline in 2019 and also in 2020.
Larry Solow: Okay, great. I appreciate that color. Just on the  you spoke to sort of Biologics returning to sort of this high-single-digit growth. If we exclude the Vial2Bag, high-value products is totality, it sounds like they should be sort of in line with that long-term high-value, high-single-digit growth as well in 2019.
Eric Green: Thats correct, Larry. And just to reiterate, the key driver of high-value products is really around the Biologics, heavy around the Generics with this whole new launch around AccelTRA product line. And also in the Pharma, but I would say mostly in the Biologics and Generics. And as we think about what 2018 and beyond back to the typical growth rates, it is a high-single-digit area. So that would be the key driver of the core thrust of high-value product growth for West.
Larry Solow: Okay. Just last question, just on the ongoing restructuring, it sounds like its progressing as planned and you guys called out sort of about $0.15 annualized benefit when complete. Do you expect to get some of this benefit even in the later part of 2019 or is that really a 2020 and going further?
Eric Green: Yes. We have officially as of last month, one of the sites that we were consolidate into another location has been officially completed. So now that ongoing benefit and thats really in our contract manufacturing business that will be a slight benefit going forward in 2019. We are very close to finalize a larger consolidation between two plants there, literally 7, 8 miles apart from each other in Florida. And that will be completed roughly mid to  Im sorry, Q3, which gives us a little bit of benefit but most of the benefits in 2020. So well see some of that benefit you were referring to in 2019 but more majority has starts in the latter half, the majority of it starts in 2020.
Larry Solow: Great. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Dana Flanders with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Dana Flanders: Hi. Thank you for the questions. My first one is just on biologics. I know you talked about kind of the return to growth this year and some encouraging signs so far. Its also been relatively volatile. Have you just changed how you are approaching forecasting demand in that segment and are there any big launches this year that could drive volatility?
Eric Green: Dana, thanks for the question and good morning. What were seeing with biologics, to answer your first question about visibility. I would say the teams done a really good job over the last two quarters to re-look at on how to understand the drug uptake in the marketplace because that is whats creating the largest volatility and working with our customers. So a lot of work has been done. Theres still more work that needs to be done, but theres a higher degree of confidence in the biologics business, as we started thinking about the demand. One of the areas we look at also while the numbers have changed because of our global operations cycle times have changed drastically, lose their backlog and the orders that come in for biologics. And we have a good  really good visibility in the near-term, i.e., two to three quarters. And that gives us really good confidence that our predictions through our analysis is coming through at this point of time. So I would say the headwinds we had last year that was spoke of are behind us. There will always be some volatility between quarter-to-quarter, but its not  we dont believe the drastic swings that weve seen in the past. And if we are going to see that, well be very transparent. But on an annual basis, we do see this business back to what we expected as a high single driver in the marketplace.
Dana Flanders: Okay. Thanks. And I guess my follow-up. Just on the South Korean distributor that youre buying. Just I want to clarify, did you say its not included in guidance until it closed. And then how much top line do you expect it to contribute when it does close?
Bernard Birkett: Yes, its not built into the guidance. We will wait until its obviously closed and completed before we would do that. But we believe for 2019, it will be relatively immaterial. And then as we develop that business out through 2019, it will have more of an impact in 2020.
Dana Flanders: Okay. Thank you.
Eric Green: Thank you, Dana.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Derik DeBruin from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Derik DeBruin: Hey, good morning and thanks for making the questions. And apologies if Im asking something you said earlier, Im juggling four calls this morning. So on the Vial2Bag, I mean, have you included a  whats your expectations for that coming back in 2019? And basically what have you do  what are you doing in terms of remediating that to  what do you have to do to fix it?
Eric Green: Yes, Dana. What were looking at is  Im sorry, Derik. What were looking at is we need to understand what the few cases that were presented in regards to a particular drug molecule is being used with the Vial2Bag DC 13 millimeter. Again, thats a small piece of all about the bag. And we took the approach to ensure  pull the entire portfolio off the line, precaution for patients safety. And so right now, what we are undertaking is root cause analysis and collecting and analyzing data to determine the root cause of this variability on this particular molecule. And once we have that appreciation, then we are able to assess, if theres any implication on any other molecule and/or the 20 millimeter, which is majority of the volume that we produced and been selling into the marketplace. So we were well into this. We put our best and brightest people on this in our labs, our regulatory group, our quality group, engineering group, and were working this on a daily basis with the regulatorys, the FDA and other foreign regulatory bodies. So we havent articulated exactly when this will come back because we need to understand the data first, and then well be in a better position to make that comment.
Derik DeBruin: Great. So on  just on the  what was the stock option contribution to fourth quarter? And I see, youre not including any benefits from stock option gains and your current guidance, but that seems a little bit unlikely. I guess, what sort of is a  what sort of a base level? Isnt it like $0.01 to $0.02 of a quarter base level just to sort of think about?
Bernard Birkett: Yes, its could be. Were not obviously  we said, were not going to guide it, because its out of our control. I think what weve seen in the last number of years, it was higher given the level of retirement that had taken place and options that were exercised. We would expect that to normalize. So for the  just to keep everything clean and transparent, its easier for us to guide without that, because we dont have control over the number. For the fourth quarter, it was about $1 million.
Derik DeBruin: Great. And theres been some headlines with some of the  with Pfizer and some of their issues in terms of their injectable drug manufacturing. I guess could you sort of talk about, just where we are in terms of the  the industry has sort of been plagued over the years by sort of recalls and quality issues and certainly in India, these other ones. Its like, can you sort of talk about  sort of like sort of the status of where we are in the market right now, in terms of some of the  where you have the ability or its like  or some of the issues that, you saw in the past the market have those sort of fallen by the wayside? Or we were normalized? Its basically, its just a comment  its just a question sort of like your competence and your visibility on the end market.
Eric Green: Yes, Derik, thats a very question because we do take that in consideration as we started looking at the forecasts, particularly around the generics business. It tends to be the area, where there has been more 483s particularly in India in the past three or four years. And but from our vantage points, as you know, we work with majority, if not all the companies in the space. Our advantage is that there isnt  its not on the rise as much as it was a couple of years ago. So we do have visibility. One of the benefits that we do have is, if there was an issue of one particular firm, it doesnt happen immediately, but over a period of time, i.e., a few quarters later, were working with another firm to help get the molecule on the market and then into the hands of patients. But I will  I think, Derik, what you raised those are very important comment, is that, there is a heightened awareness in the need for quality and global availability. And thats why  I believe  thats why, we are getting a lot of these phone calls to help solve some of these problems. And it actually underscores, why the team has come up to the AccelTRA portfolio because it addresses these needs exactly to the team. So thats what we see right now. We dont think its on a raise, but we do see when it happens at one location, we usually work with another firm to get it back online.
Derik DeBruin: Great. Thanks so much.
Eric Green: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And Im showing no further questions in the queue at this time. Id like to turn the call back over to Quintin Lai for any closing remarks.
Quintin Lai: Thanks, Jimmy. And thank you everyone for joining us on todays conference call. An online archive of the broadcast will be available on our website at westpharma.com in Investors section. Additionally, you can get a telephone replay through Thursday, February 21, by dialing the numbers and conference ID provided at the end of todays earnings release. So that concludes todays call. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude your program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Quintin Lai - VP, IR Eric Green - CEO Bernard Birkett - CFO
Analysts: Paul Knight - Janney David Windley - Jefferies Larry Solow - CJS Securities Dana Flanders - Goldman Sachs Derik DeBruin - Bank of America
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q3 2018 West Pharmaceutical Services Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following management's prepared remarks, we will have a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded for replay purposes. It is now my pleasure to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Quintin Lai, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Quintin Lai: Thank you, Haily. Good morning, and welcome to West's third quarter 2018 conference call. We issued our financial results this morning and the release has been posted in the Investor section on the Company's website located at www.westpharma.com. This morning CEO, Eric Green; and CFO, Bernard Birkett, will review our results, provide an update on our business, and provide an updated financial outlook for the full-year 2018. There's a slide presentation that accompanies today's call and a copy of that presentation is available on the Investor section of our website. On Slide 2 is the Safe Harbor statement. Statements made by management on this call and in the presentation contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. federal securities law. These statements are based on management's beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates, and forecasts. There are many factors that can influence the Company's future results that are beyond the ability of the company to control or predict. Because of these known or unknown risks or uncertainties, actual results could differ materially from past results and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement. For a non-exclusive list of factors which could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, please refer to today's press release as well as any further disclosures the company makes regarding the risk to which it is subject in the Company's 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports. In addition, during today's call, management will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures, including: sales in constant currency, organic sales growth, adjusted operating profit, adjusted operating profit margin, and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in this morning's earnings release. I now turn the call over to West's CEO and President, Eric Green.
Eric Green: Thank you, Quintin. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. This morning we reported our third quarter performance. We had solid sales growth in our Proprietary Product segment and another quarter of strong growth for Contract Manufacturing. We generated 13% growth in adjusted EPS, despite a difficult year-over-year comparison. Bernard will go over the detail later in the call. As we look to the remainder of the year, we expect that high-value product sales will continue to drive growth in the Proprietary Products segment, and as mentioned on past calls, we should see a moderation in contract manufacturing growth due to a strong fourth quarter last year with greater than normal tooling revenues. And Slide 4 shows our organic sales performance by quarter across both segments of our business. In the third quarter we had organic sales growth of 9.6% the highest level in the past two years. We had another outstanding performance in our Contract Manufacturing segment and our Proprietary Products statement grew high-single-digits despite softness in Biologics. Let me provide greater detail of the individual proprietary market units, starting with Biologics. The performance in Biologics was driven by two factors: first, as discussed on the last call we have a couple of customers that are working off of inventories that were built in preparation for drug launches, while others have made the decision to upgrade to a higher value product and need to work off their current product inventories. These are timing issues and we expect a return to a more typical ordering pattern through 2019 and anticipate stronger high-value product sales as a result; second, our self-injection delivery devices contributed to lower than expected commercial sales. As a supplier to drug companies our success is ultimately correlated with our customer's commercial success. We have a number of new development programs in the works and as they progress into commercialization, our growth will be associated with a more diverse group of drugs and that should lead to more consistent sales performance. That said, we continue to see growth with many customers who are purchasing high-value components for the new Biologic drugs. We know that customers are looking for high quality, reliable, and readily available solution to contain and deliver their large molecules. In this quarter we saw double-digit growth in high-value product categories such as Westar RS and RU and NovaPure. The fact that our overall business can offset softness in our Biologics unit and still generate 9.6% overall organic sales growth in Q3, is a testament to our robust product and service offerings and the diversity of our customers we serve. Our generics market unit grew mid-single-digits in the third quarter and is on track to finish the year strong. This growth is driven by volume and high-value product conversions and the long-term outlook is positive. We see growing interest in our AccelTRA Components Program. We have sampled more than 100 customers and secured our first commercial sales. The Pharma market unit grew strong double-digits. As a reminder, we believe the underlying Pharma market volume growth is in the low-single-digits. So the mid-teens growth we saw this past quarter is atypical. Driving this impressive result was a number of factors including, high-value product conversion success, increased adoption of our Vial2Bag product in the hospital setting, and a favorable year-over-year comp due to inventory destocking activity last year. In Pharma we expect to finish 2018 on the solid growth trajectory. Turning to Contract Manufacturing. We had another stellar quarter with 20% organic sales growth. This growth was driven by continued escalation of demand for diabetes-related diagnostics and drug delivery devices, which reflects strong patient demand in the market. As a result, we expanded capacity sooner than originally anticipated and we're seeing the results of that effort in our performance this year. We expect overall Contract Manufacturing sales in Q4 to remain around Q3 levels as we continue to address this increased demand. Turning to Slide 5, I want to give you an update on our self-injection delivery platforms SmartDose and SelfDose. With an FDA approval in two years of performance data in hand, we have proven that SmartDose is a viable delivery device for large volume and highly viscous drugs. We have two SmartDose customers commencing clinical trials. Multiple ongoing development projects, as well as several feasibility agreements that have recently been signed. Earlier this year, we had the first commercial launch of a drug used in the SelfDose patient controlled injector. We're pleased with the post-launch reception from customers which has resulted in increased development activities. We have learned a few lessons over the years, as we work to bring our self-injection delivery devices to market. First, customer interest for self-injection platforms continues to grow and feedback on our proprietary device technology to address this market needs has been well received. Second, the development cycle is long and regulatory hurdles are high. Our teams have demonstrated the ability to work with our customers to help them successfully, bring these innovative combination products through the regulatory approval process and into the hands of patients. And finally, long-term commercial success of our devices will depend on the commercial success for customer's drugs, fulfilling a diverse and broad customer base and product portfolio, which we're doing, is key to long-term success. We remain confident that along with the expansion of our component offering and administration systems, our device strategy will allow us to continue to meet the future needs of our customers. Turning to Slide 6. We announced at the two recent major Industry Conferences, the launch of our Integrated Solutions program. We have talked about how much complexity exists when bringing a combination product to the market. Our customers operate in highly regulated markets and the amount of testing and support services required to gain approval is challenging. At West, we have expertise that is unrivalled in the industry which can help our customers simplify the journey throughout the drug development cycle. We have bundled these services in a comprehensive offering that's complementary to our high-value product and device strategy. We have received positive feedback from our customers since our launch and look forward to bringing this Integrated Solutions program to our full customer base. With a solid Q3 behind us, we're reaffirming full-year 2018 guidance and are focused on finishing out the year strong by executing on our market led strategy. We are addressing our customers' unique needs with both our products and also with the services and technical expertise that West can deliver and our One West management system is driving improved gross margin and optimized capital spending in addition to delivering innovative manufacturing strategies that have led to better service to customers. We are early in our journey, but are confident that this global operational system will continue to yield benefit to West and to our stakeholders. Now I'll turn it over to our CFO, Bernard Birkett, who will provide more detail on the financial performance and our long-term outlook. Bernard?
Bernard Birkett: Thank you, Eric, and good morning everybody. So let's review the numbers in a little more detail. Our financial results are summarized on Slide 7 and the reconciliation of non-GAAP measures are described in Slides 12 to 16. In continuing to deliver on our objectives, we are pleased to report for the third quarter, reported net sales of $431.7 million representing continued strong top-line growth of 9.6% on a constant currency basis. Gross profit of $135.6 million is $10.5 million or 8.4% above Q3 of 2017. Adjusted operating profit of $63.1 million was slightly above Q3 2017's $62.9 million. Other income in 2017 included a $9.1 million cost reimbursement of a safety technology we licensed to a third-party. This is approximately a 17% increase excluding the Q3 2017 license gain. And adjusted diluted EPS of $0.76 as compared to $0.67 last year represents an EPS growth of approximately 13%. Excluding the impact of stock option exercise tax benefits from both periods and the license income of $9.1 million included in Q3 2017, adjusted diluted EPS grew approximately 27%. Taking a deeper dive into our sales performance, we have seen sales growth in each of our business segments. Slide 8 shows the components of our consolidated sales increase. As already highlighted, consolidated third quarter sales were $431.7 million, an increase of 9.6% over Q3 2017 at constant exchange rate. Proprietary Products sales increased 6.6%, price increases accounted for 1.5% of the sales increase. Our high-value product sales increased mid-single-digits. Sales growth was led by our Pharma market units which had double-digit sales growth in the current quarter. Generic market unit sales growth was in the mid-single-digits. Sales to Biologic customers showed a mid-single-digit decline over the prior year quarter, as Eric has noted. Our high-value products represented 59% of Q3 2018 sales, approximately the same level as achieved in our Q3 2017. For the full-year of 2018, we expect mid-single-digit sales growth in high-value products. Contract Manufactured product net sales increased by 20.1%. New product launches in late 2017 particularly in our Dublin and Arizona facilities in support of diagnostic and delivery systems for treatment of diabetes are driving much of the increase in sales. So let's take a look at margin performance. Slide 9 shows our consolidated gross profit margin for both Q3 2018 and 2017 of 31.4%. Proprietary Products third quarter gross margin of 37% was 120 basis points above the margin achieved in the third quarter of 2017. This continued improvement in gross margin is primarily due to mix, production volume, and efficiencies coming from our cost down operational strategies and One West management system initiatives, which more than offset the $2.7 million of overhead cost increases in Waterford. The Waterford facility generated its first sales of commercial product in Q3 and we expect continued improvement in operational efficiencies as our utilization of this facility increases. Contract Manufacturing third quarter gross margin of 14.3% decreased by 200 basis points compared to the prior year quarter. However margins increased over Q2 2018 in line with our expectations and comments on our Q2 call. The decrease in margins is principally due to start-up costs associated with launching new programs and idle capacity at facilities undergoing restructuring and product transfer activities. We have continued confidence that Contract Manufacturing margins will improve further in the fourth quarter and on into 2019, as we complete our restructuring activities, continue to improve our efficiency and utilization levels, and deliver on the new customer program. Q3 2018 consolidated SG&A expense increased 3.7% versus the prior year quarter. As a percentage of sales, third quarter 2018 SG&A expense was 15%, a decrease of 70 basis points as compared to the third quarter of 2017 and in line with our expectations. Slide 10 shows our key cash flow metrics. Operating cash flow was $215.4 million for the first nine months of 2018, an increase of $33.6 million compared to year-to-date 2017. Part of this improvement is the non-recurrence of a $20 million voluntary pension contribution made in the prior year. Our year-to-date capital spending is $74.7 million, $26.6 million or approximately 26% lower than a year-ago as we have completed our major construction projects in Ireland. Now let's review some balance sheet takeaways. Slide 10 also shows our cash balance at September 30 of $297 million and $61 million more than our December 2017 balance, an improvement of approximately 26%. Debt at September 30, 2018, of $196 million is roughly the same level as at year-end and on a net debt to total invested capital ratio basis, we are completely delevered. Working capital of $561 million at September 30th was $97 million higher than at year-end. In addition to the increase in our cash balances which were represented 63% of the increase, most of the remaining increases in receivables related to the growth of our business and an increase in our daily sales outstanding metric. We have seen improvements in our inventory metrics as our days in inventory have reduced by approximately 8%. As we consider Q3 results and look to the end of the year, we have reaffirmed our sales and adjusted diluted EPS guidance for 2018 which is summarized on Slide 11. We are reaffirming our full-year sales of $1.72 billion to $1.73 billion and adjusted diluted EPS guidance of $2.80 to $2.90. We anticipate Q4 sales in our Proprietary business be in mid-single-digits and Contract Manufacturing sales approximately even when compared to Q4 2017. Recall that Contract Manufacturing recorded large tooling sales in Q4 2017, as we prepared for the 2018 increases in our Contract Manufacturing business. Fourth quarter gross margins for the Proprietary business should be consistent with our year-to-date 2018 performance, while we expect improved margins in our Contract Manufacturing segment. All projections continue to anticipate a Euro exchange spot rate of $1.15 per Euro for the remainder of 2018. For the first half of 2018, we used $1.20 per Euro. The lower end of the adjusted diluted EPS guidance range reflects the company's expected performance and $1 million of tax benefits from stock compensation in the fourth quarter of 2018. We continue to expect our 2018 full-year effective tax rate to be in the range of 24% to 25% excluding the impact of the tax benefit from option exercises. We're also revising our capital spending guidance. The new range is expected to be in a range of between $110 million and $120 million which is below the prior range of between $120 million and $130 million. Approximately half of our planned capital spending is dedicated to advanced manufacturing growth and innovation initiatives, with the remainder on normal maintenance, replacement, and information systems. So to summarize the key takeaways for the quarter, continued strong consolidated sales growth and 8% increase in gross profits, strong growth in adjusted diluted EPS over Q3 2017, together with strong operating cash flow growth, the completion of our restructuring activity, the ramp up of production on new customer programs and the increased usage of our Waterford facility bodes well for West future's profitability. I now like to turn the call back over to Eric Green.
Eric Green: Thank you, Bernard. With a strong Q3 completed, we have a good momentum to finish 2018 and a solid foundation to build upon for next year. We will share our guidance for 2019 at our year-end call in February. We are focused on initiatives across the company to support our vision to be the World Leader in the integrated containment and delivery of injectable drugs; focused execution of our market led plan will result in above market organic sales growth, gross and operating margin expansion, EPS to free cash flow growth, and ROIC expansion. We have a great team and we're well-positioned to deliver on our commitments to our customers, patients, and to shareholders for both the short and long-term. Haily, we will open and take questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the Paul Knight of Janney. Your line is open.
Paul Knight: Hi, Eric. Could you talk to the capacity utilization right now in Ireland are you at 5%, 10%, where you want to be next year and then overall new products obviously hitting your organic number, what would you highlight as some of those new products picking up this organic pace?
Eric Green: Great, good morning Paul and thanks for the question. We started thinking about the investments we made in Ireland is really twofold, one is in Waterford. We had our first two shipments, two different products one is high-value product finishing, the other one is products used in the diabetes care market. Those particular -- those particular products shipped at the end of Q3 and as you can imagine utilization of that plant is very low at this point. And so over the next coming quarters, we'll continue to transfer product into Waterford but also new projects, customers have asked us to take on especially on Westar Select. Up in Dublin, we've expanded, as you know, on our Contract Manufacturing sites, we have new technology put into the facility particularly focused on diagnostics and diabetes-related delivery devices. I would say at that point in time, we're built -- we're ramping up, we're clearly nowhere near a 100%, I would say more around the 50% range at this point in time and we have room for additional growth of those -- of that particular plant. So two stories really for the different locations. From a new product point of view, Paul, our growth the high-value product is the core fundamental growth of West and what we continue to see is our teams in the market units are putting together very clear value proposition. If I use AccelTRA as an example, I can tell you that the expectations of the customer uptick on sample and discussions with our customers is far exceeding our expectations at this point. I think resonate very well on the generic space. We're also having expanded our NovaPure product portfolio such as Syringe Plungers and also looking at more capacity. From a device point of view, we just started early tourney on SelfDose with the level of interest continues to climb, we're very confident that SelfDose will have another growth driver and high-value products in the near future. And I can't take -- miss the opportunity to say SmartDose is also -- the increase is really taken off. The last question on administration systems, the Vial2Bag, the capacity put in Puerto Rico where first shipments are coming up this quarter is more of a pull versus a push. So I'm very confident administration systems will drive another lever of growth in our proprietary portfolio.
Paul Knight: And your tax rate guidance is centered around three option or three stock expense, right?
Eric Green: Yes.
Paul Knight: What would you -- is there any guidance range you would provide post stock expense or is that like too difficult?
Bernard Birkett: That's difficult for us to determine because it's completely outside of our control, that's people exercising options. On a ballpark, we're estimating about a $1 million potential impact again, but that's for Q4, but again that's something that's hard for us to predict.
Eric Green: Paul, one of the -- if you look back Paul to 2017 the impact on our EPS is about $0.44 based on the stock-based comp and if you look at year-to-date what we've produced today in our results is about $0.18. That gives you kind of the large swing that we've had over the last two years on the stock-based compensation tax benefit.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Windley of Jefferies. Your line is now open.
David Windley: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Eric, in the past the out year longer-term guidance commentary, I guess specifically for the next year on the third quarter call has been a little more specific in regard to the 6% to 8% growth range and I was curious about kind of the changing characterization of that and does that mean should we read into that that there is any say maybe not change in your outperformance of the market but a change in your view of the underlying market or something like that that prompted the kind of different characterization there?
Eric Green: Yes, David thanks for the call and good morning. When I look at the -- what we've historically talked about the financial construct for West, I see no change in and so I think about the overall performance of the company from the top-line and also from a margin expansion point of view. So what we've decided especially with Bernard new to the characterization is to take the opportunity to really think about let's just finish the year strong for 2018 and we will give clear guidance in the early part of 2019 and how we look at that that full-year but also well beyond that.
David Windley: Okay. Got it, thanks. And then Bernard, I think you may be touched on components of CapEx in the end of your prepared remarks but if I missed some of those I apologize but can you speak to the kind of the sustainability of the lower level of spending that you're seeing in 2018. I think management has commented about kind of the major building projects being done and how should we think about CapEx demands kind of longer-term?
Bernard Birkett: Yes, if we're looking at longer-term and we're not planning to do any major construction projects or anything in the short to medium-term future, so obviously that has an impact on the level of CapEx that we're going to have on the guidance that we've given and particularly for 2018, and I would -- looking to 2019, we will firm up the numbers for 2019, as Eric said, when we give overall guidance. But that, that's one of the major drivers there that we don't really foresee those large building projects and also we're really focused on focusing on utilization of the existing asset base that we have and driving more out of the investments that we've already made. So again not looking to add really large amounts of CapEx. When we look at CapEx, we divided into three areas, we're looking at maintenance which is probably just under 50% and then the balance really focused on growth and investments in our IT systems.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Larry Solow of CJS Securities. Your line is open.
Larry Solow: Very good quarter considering obviously the Biologics was a little bit less than expected. I think you had sort of guided towards at least we were expecting sort of high-single even low-double in that and came in sort of a mid-single-digit sales decline, you called out the obviously the slower, it sounds like one particular product on the self-injectable is that right and then obviously the continuance of the inventory destocking, I guess that's just going on longer than expected is that sort of the two variables that or the difference from what you originally expected in this?
Eric Green: Yes, Larry, that's correct. When you think about the self-injection is really around the SmartDose at this -- today, but when we start think about looking the out years we still remain confident and that's just the products that's in commercial phase but there's several development improvements that we have in place that we're working towards. So that gives us confidence about the future opportunity with SmartDose. And in regards to the Core Elastomer high-value products, we've worked with a few customers on transitioning from existing configuration to a future state configuration and in order to do that appropriately, we were seeing them destock and then ramp up. I can assure you that one of those customers, their entire injectable medicine portfolio is on West or West is on their entire portfolio. So we're confident of the future growth it's just the timing. I just want to put in perspective the Biologic units is significantly less than 10% of number of units we've produced in our Proprietary business units. So you can imagine a shift towards one large customer has a significant impact on the volume component. But we're close to these customers, we're confident; we're for long-term viability and success.
Larry Solow: And you're confident that that sort of it sounds like Q4 will see similar declines and then you're -- it seems like you're confident that you'll get a rebound in 2019, is that fair to say what is your visibility on that?
Bernard Birkett: We're expecting to see some improvement in the fourth quarter, so we wouldn't be looking at another decline and then weren't expecting to see growth rates ramp as we go through 2019.
Larry Solow: Okay. And then just a follow-up on that the margins actually did okay all-in considered actually had a year-over-year decline of 100 bps gain I believe a little more than that on the proprietary side despite the slower biologics sales, as we look out assuming the biologics return sort of normalized growth and you did some better overhead of capacity absorption coming out of Waterford. It's fair to say that maybe as we look at 2019 and maybe even 2020, you can get even a larger than normal better pickup on margin on the margin side?
Eric Green: Yes, Larry that's a great question. When I look at where we are today and we could talk about some of the pressures we had in 2018 particularly around Contract Manufacturing. The top-line is growing extremely fast but the margin expansion was not there actually contracted and that was really due to start-up costs associated bringing on people and facilities and frankly our customers have to support forward in manufacturing more volume today than we would have few quarters down the road and that's why we've got such a high growth rate. And the demand for their products the market is exceeding what we could supply at this point in time. So it's a good situation, where we had growing pains of getting the facilities up and running the last couple of quarters and we're working through that in Q4 we will be back to more steady state going into 2018. So it's one of the pressures that we had. But I also want to comment that this One West system that we put in place over the last year, year-and-a-half through our global operations is gaining traction. And we're sort of thinking about proprietary having over 100 basis point expansion on the margin with its softness in biologic which tends to be the highest margin portfolio we have gives you a clear indication of how much traction we can gain by continuously leveraging this mindset of clearly looking global and leveraging our existing asset base. So while there might be a few headwinds we may face in the future, we will overcome them through these initiatives we have in place and continue to see the margin expansion in the broader business.
Larry Solow: Okay, great. And then just lastly on your restructuring efforts those still -- any changes there, still sort of in line with your expectations and still expect to get, I think you had said $0.10 to $0.15 I forgot the exact number, but savings by year-end 2019?
Eric Green: Yes. So when we look at the programs that are put in place and the team that's leading that, they're hitting their milestones. So I'm confident that we will continue to see the consolidations take place we are working with our customers to ensure smooth transition as we move couple of plants to other locations. So we're on track.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dana Flanders of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Dana Flanders: Hi, thank you very much for the questions. I guess on the Pharma segment, can you quantify or just help frame the impact of Vial2Bag is having on that segment and when you might lap that impact or that impact would normalize, just trying to get a better sense of how to think about the Pharma growth in 2019?
Eric Green: Yes, so when you think about the growth that we had specifically in the Vial2Bag just to recall our -- the investments we made in Puerto Rico which is one of our contract manufacturing space with their expertise core competencies around injection molding, so we're able to bring that production expansion in Puerto Rico and they're just starting to ramp up as we speak at this point in time. The growth that you've seen in Pharma for Q3 in particular has mostly been around the high-value product, conversions, and a little bit of the year-over-year comparison perspective. The incremental growth in that unit, smaller portion was actually attributed to administration systems. There was growth there but it's a smaller, smaller element of growth, it's actually less than 5% of total sales is what our administration systems are in the Pharma unit.
Dana Flanders: Okay. And I know you mentioned the weakness in biologics impacting gross margin to some extent in Proprietary Products, is it fair to say that you expect that segment to expand margins into 2019 as these cost efficiencies go into place and biologics returns to growth?
Eric Green: Yes, Dana absolutely. The opportunity we have with biologics what's really exciting is our customers are adapting the higher portfolio within high-value products. I will give an example there's more interest in NovaPure and so the higher you go in that that spectrum a continuum that we have value continuum, the better the margins are. So it should be a natural lift that we'll see in our -- due to the biologic stronger performance in the coming quarters.
Dana Flanders: Okay, great.
Bernard Birkett: Just to put that in context, there are a number of drivers that we have for gross margin expansion and leading to operating margin expansion. So biologics will affect mix and that's one of them and then obviously on the operational cost down strategies in One West Systems that we have in place, so we are not just reliant on one area for margin expansion, there are a number of things that will drive it.
Dana Flanders: Yes, okay, that makes sense. That's it from me. Thank you very much.
Eric Green: Great. Thank you, Dana.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from the Derik DeBruin of Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Derik DeBruin: So a couple of questions. So I guess just to make the math little easier, what's the specific sales impact from FX in Q4 that you're forecasting and I guess obviously FX is a big player for you guys and so your initial thoughts on 2019 on how you see FX moving?
Bernard Birkett: Versus our original forecast we're entering we have 120 versus 115, we expect that's about a $7 million impact on the quarter.
Derik DeBruin: Okay.
Bernard Birkett: And that's what we called out as well on our Q2 call.
Derik DeBruin: Yes, all right and for 2019 any initial thoughts?
Eric Green: Derik, it's a bit early what we're going through our forecast right now and as we already mentioned, we give full guidance on our Q4 call but just to again put it in context, we're looking at above market organic growth and growth in operating margin expansion into 2019.
Derik DeBruin: Got it. So what was the Proprietary Product backlog this quarter and last you used to give us numbers, I'm just wondering can you completely update us on that?
Bernard Birkett: Yes, I can give you the -- it's slightly above end of the year; I'm sorry December of 2017 number it's roughly $263 million. And I -- let me be clear though, there's some operating changes that we've made to better service our customers. One is our cycle times, lead times have dropped considerably over the last 12 to 18 months, I mean you're talking almost in many cases 2 to 1 ratio. And then, secondly, we have with a couple of our large customers more of a just in time model that we put in place that allows us to plan manufacturing at a very short period of time for these particular customers. So its more of a plan pull effect from our operations into their operations. So I can't sit here and say that is an absolute like for like number, in fact I would say that would be somewhat deflated because of the initiatives that we put in place.
Derik DeBruin: Got it, that's helpful.
Bernard Birkett: Okay.
Derik DeBruin: And just two more quick ones on just housekeeping, I mean obviously you had a little bit more of a tax benefit this quarter than you thought, I guess by your estimate how much EPS moved from 4Q to 3Q based on the option exercise?
Bernard Birkett: Probably $0.03 to $0.04.
Derik DeBruin: Got it. And then one final one, I've covered the stock for 10 years and this was the first time I've not heard the company give the specific outlook for the top-line margin on the third quarter call. I'm just -- as it -- I'm just raise the story when companies sort of vary from that -- is that sort of -- is that more of new CFO being on board and you're sort of -- and your thoughts on that or anything else going on sort of a repeat to Dave's question?
Bernard Birkett: Yes, it's really my perspective on really providing information to the market, I think we've given a holistic view of how we see our business growing in 2019 and it would be above market, the comp structure are the same, our focus is the same improving gross margin, operating margin and EPS and so it's -- there isn't any reason other than that.
Eric Green: Yes, Derik I will just add to this absolutely, I mean it is if you have seen in last 10 years, I mean the change back I can tell you from our view of the business, we still remain very confident and we don't see a change. However we've decided to give the full-guidance in greater detail and transparency in our February call going forward.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back to Mr. Quintin Lai, Vice President of Investor Relations for any closing remarks.
Quintin Lai: Thanks, Haily. And thank you all for joining us on today's conference call. An online archive of the broadcast will be available on our website at westpharma.com in Investors section. Additionally, you can get a telephone replay through Thursday, November 1, by dialing the numbers and conference ID provided at the end of today's earnings release. That concludes this call. Have a nice day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Quintin Lai  Vice President of Investor Relations Eric Green  Chief Executive Officer Bernard Birkett  Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: David Windley  Jefferies Paul Knight  Janney Dana Flanders  Goldman Sachs Larry Solow  CJS Securities Derik DeBruin  Bank of America Christopher Hillary  Roubaix
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 2018 West Pharmaceutical Services Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. It would now like to introduce your host for todays conference Quintin Lai, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Quintin Lai: Thank you, Sarah. Good morning, and welcome to Wests second quarter 2018 conference call. We issued our financial results this morning and the release has been posted in the Investor section on the Companys website located at www.westpharma.com. This morning CEO, Eric Green; and CFO, Bernard Birkett, will review our results, give you an update on our business, provide an updated financial outlook for the full year 2018. Theres a slide presentation that accompanies todays conference call and a copy of that presentation is also available on the Investors section of our website. On Slide 2 is the Safe Harbor statement. Statements made by management on this call and in the presentation contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. federal securities law. These statements are based on managements beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. There are many factors that can influence the Companys future results that are beyond the ability of the company to control or predict. Because of these known or unknown risks or uncertainties, actual results could differ materially from past results and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement. For a non-exclusive list of factors which could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, please refer to todays press release as well as any further disclosures the company makes regarding the risk to which it is subject in the Companys 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports. In addition, during todays call, management will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures, including: sales in constant currency, organic sales growth, adjusted operating profit, adjusted operating profit margin and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in this mornings earnings release. I now turn the call over to Wests CEO and President, Eric Green.
Eric Green: Thank you, Quintin. And good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Before we start the review of our financial results, I am pleased to welcome to the call our newest member of the team, Bernard Birkett. Bernard joined us as CFO in late June. And you will hear more from him later today. Our outgoing CFO, Bill Federici, is actively working with Bernard in this transition period. And I want to take a moment to thank him. As many of you know, Bill has been a critical contributor to West and our Companys success over the past 15 years. Hes also been a tremendous mentor and leader for his team as well as a great friend and colleague to his peers and to me. We thank him for his service, and we wish Bill and his family all the best as they embark on the next chapter of their lives, following his retirement from West. Turning now to the financial results. This morning we reported our second quarter performance. We have solid sales growth in our Proprietary Products segment led by double-digit growth in our high value products. We also saw a strong sales growth in our contract manufacturing segment. Because of the strong topline performance, we start consolidated growth in operating margin expansion in the quarter. In addition to adjusted EPS growth of 25% year-over-year excluding stock option tax benefits. With the first half of the year in the books, we are reaffirming our overall 2018 sales and adjusted EPS guidance. As Bernard will review in his comments, you will see that his guidance assumes a lower euro exchange rate for the second half of 2018 than previously reported. In Slide 4 shown our organic sales performance by quarter across both segments of our business. In the second quarter, we had organic sales growth of 9%. The highest level in the past seven quarters. The Proprietary Products segment grew organically 7% over the prior year, with growing coming from all three market units and all geographies. Looking at our individual proprietary market units, lets start with Biologics. As we expected and outlined last year, we saw return to positive organic sales growth in Q2. Our customers in this area continue to turn to us for our high value products to contain and deliver their sensitive Biologics. A few of our large customers are still affected by prior prelaunch activities and inventory management, primarily around self-injection systems. But everything we hear from our customers leaves us to believe that we will see continued improvement in the growth rate for the Biologics market unit for the full year. Our Generics market unit had double-digit organic sales growth this quarter, fueled by a stronger high-value product sales, led by Westar RU, SelfDose and Envision products. As we look at the second half of the year, the comps starts to normalize, and we expect Generics to grow in the mid to high-single digits for the full year. Our Pharma market unit returned to positive growth after three consecutive quarters of decline. Consistent with the other market units, we experienced strong high value product growth. We believe our Pharma customers are beginning to normalize their order patterns, following the execution of inventory management programs. As we look at the back half of the year, we expect growth to accelerate as we face more favorable comps from last year. We also believe the additional investments we made in Puerto Rico to expand our capacity for administration systems will lead this market unit to grow in the mid-single digits for the full year. Turning to Contract Manufacturing. This segment have strong sales growth with 17% organic growth. Healthcare customers represent 88% of the contract manufacturing sales, and sales to these customers has strong double-digit gains in the quarter. We are pleased with the success we had in this area of our business. However, in response to our customers increasing demand requirements, we are experiencing some growing pains in the form of labor and operational cost that have impact to the margin this quarter. Bernard will cover the detail around this and how we see this recovering. As we look to the rest of the year for Contract Manufacturing, we expect full year sales growth to be in the high-single digits, even in face of a very tough comp in Q4. As a reminder, Q4 2017 had a significant amount of tooling sales as generated the strong recurring sales growth we are now seeing in 2018. We now move to Slide 5. We are pleased to announce that several of our newly launched products received industry recognition this quarter, and we introduced another new product category, Westar Select, adding to our already strong high value product portfolio. Our AccelTRA Component Program was recognized with the 2018 India Packaging Award in the category of packaging design and injectables. AccelTRA was designed for customers like those in our Generics market unit, they are demanding high-quality components, reliable supply and speed to market. I am pleased on how this program is resonating with our Generics customers. In June, the company received a Medical Design Excellence Award for drug delivery in combination products for our SelfDose, patient-controlled injector. The honor was presented to West and our customer Accord Healthcare Limited, who launched their Methofill SELF INJECT product in the UK and Ireland this year, using our SelfDose injector technology. And last week, we announced the launch of a brand-new product line Westar Select. In addition to a tighter particular specification, this product line will be made available through our an optimized global manufacturing network to ensure continued supply, while helping to streamline our customers regulatory submissions. These products remained stronger by the deep technical team that stands behind them, and serves as a valuable resource to our customers. On Slide 6, we have outlined examples of technical customer engagement in support of our customers and our own scientific advancements. These milestones demonstrates a continued momentum we are seeing as we work to further position our company as these scientific destination for containment and delivery of injectable medicines. I think its fair to say that our customers see us as a leader in this space. We have worked hard to achieve this recognition and plan to continue to invest and expand our capabilities in this area of our business. On Slide 7, we present some highlights from the accomplishments of our global operations team in the quarter. Last week, we officially opened our Waterford, Ireland facility. Waterford is designed to be a global center of excellence for Wests advanced manufacturing network. Recently, the site successfully completed its ISO audits, and now holds and maintains active drug massive files with the FDA and Health Canada. Achieving these milestones means we are now able to supply commercial products, manufactured under CGMP with the appropriate regulatory documentation to support our customers. We anticipate making commercial deliveries in both insulin sheeting and HVP product later this year. We are also in the process of launching new capacity for our proprietary administration systems at our site in Puerto Rico. Puerto Rico is a great example of the benefit of managing a worldwide network, a manufacturing plant through a consolidated comprehensive system, we are now calling One West. This business system provides a framework for continuous improvement in safety, quality, service and cost, while driving lien principals consistently across our global operations. We are also driving more efficiencies and better utilizing capacity across our global network, while we manage the growth of the business. This is evidenced in the reduction of CapEx spending for the new infrastructure. As noted in todays release, we are reducing our CapEx guidance for the year to $120 million to $130 million compared to the prior guidance of less than $150 million. We also continued to be on track with the restructuring plans, which we detailed in our last call. Now Ill turn it over to our CFO, Bernard Burkett, who will provide more color on our financial performance and to provide details on our long-term outlook. Bernard?
Bernard Birkett: Thank you, Eric, and good morning, everyone. Before I review the details of our Q2 performance, I want to first say how happy I am to be a part of West. With more than 23 years of experience working in med tech, working in healthcare has always been a passion for me. So Im excited to be part of the company that plays such an important role in helping to improve patient lives. West is well positioned for future growth and I am looking forward to being a part of that journey. I am grateful for Bill Federicis leadership to date and look forward to continuing the legacy of strong financial management that West is known for. So lets get to the numbers. In continuing to deliver on the objectives we have set, we are pleased to report for the second quarter, reported net sales of $447.5 million, representing strong top line organic growth of 9% on a constant currency basis; expansion in gross margin to 31.8% versus 31.4% in Q2 of 2017, which represents a 40 basis points improvement, and adjusted EPS of $0.70 as compared to $0.66 last year. Excluding the impact of stock option exercise tax benefits, adjusted EPS grew by 25%. Our financial results are summarized on Slide 8, and the reconciliation of non-GAAP measures are described in Slide 14 to 18. Taking a deeper dive into our sales performance, we have seen sales growth in each of our business segments and market units. Slide 9 shows the components of our consolidated sales increase. Proprietary Product sales increased 7%, price increases accounted for 1.7% of the sales increase, our high value product sales increased by 11.7%. The generics market unit business saw double-digit sales growth in the current quarter as expected. Pharma market unit sales growth was in the high single digits. And sales to biologic customer showed low single-digit growth over the prior-year quarter. Our high value products represented almost 60% of Q2 2018 sales compared to 57% of Q2 2017 sales. For the full year 2018, we expect high single-digit sales growth in high value products. Contract-Manufactured Product net sales increased by 17%. New product launches in late 2017, particularly in our Dublin facility in support of diagnostic and delivery systems for treatment of diabetes, are driving much of the increase in sales. We expect high single-digit sales growth in contract manufacturing for the full year 2018. Lets turn to margin performance and improvements. As provided on Slide 10, our consolidated gross profit margin for Q2 2018 was 31.8% versus 31.4% margin we achieved in the second quarter of 2017. Proprietary Products second quarter gross margin of 37.2% was 180 basis points above the margin achieved in the second quarter of 2017. The increase in gross margin is due to the favorable mix of products sold, pricing and product  production efficiencies coming from One West initiative, which more than offsets $4 million of overhead cost increases in Waterford, in preparation for the initial production activities in the second half of the year. Contract-Manufactured Product second quarter gross margin of 13.1%, decreased by 370 basis points compared to the prior-year quarter. Three items impacted margin. Unabsorbed overhead from one of our facilities in the first half of the year. This facility is now back to normal production levels. Previously announced plans consolidation activities and startup costs associated with launching new programs and increased sales of products with higher purchase material content. We are confident that contract manufacturing margins will improve throughout the second half of 2018, as we complete our restructuring activities, continue to improve our efficiency and utilization levels, which are all part of our One West initiative program and deliver on the new customer programs. As reflected on Slide 11, Q2 2018 consolidated SG&A expense increased by $8.7 million versus the prior-year quarter. As a percentage of sales, second quarter 2018 SG&A expense was 15.6% versus 15.4% in the second quarter of 2017. Foreign exchange increased SG&A by $1.3 million. Higher incentive compensation cost account for approximately half of the remaining SG&A increase. Excluding these items, SG&A grew by approximately 6.8%. For the second half of the year, we are confident in forecasting mid-single-digit growth in SG&A. Slide 12 shows our key cash flow metrics. Operating cash flow was $127 million for the first half of 2018, an increase of $21 million compared to the first half of 2017, primarily reflecting the $20 million voluntary pension contribution made in the prior year. Our year-to-date capital spending is $48.2 million, $18.8 million lower than a year ago, as we have completed our major construction projects in Ireland. We forecast CapEx spend to be in the range of $120 million to $130 million in 2018. Approximately half of our planned capital spending is dedicated to advanced manufacturing growth and innovation initiatives, with the remainder our normal maintenance, replacement and information system. Moving onto some balance sheet takeaways. Slide 12 shows our cash balance at June 30 of $225 million, was $10 million less than our December 2017 balance. During the six months ended June 30, 2018, we purchased 800,000 shares of our common stock under our board authorized share buyback plan at a cost of $70.8 million or an average price of $88.51 per share. The completion of our share buyback plan and decreased capital spending projections should result in improved free cash flow in the second half of 2018. Debt at June 30, 2018 of $196 million is roughly the same level as at year-end and on a net debt to total invested capital ratio basis, we are completely delevered. Working capital of $479 million at June 30 was $15 million higher than at year-end. Most of the increases in receivables related to the growth in our business and an increase in our day sales outstanding metrics, partially due to the impacts of the new revenue recognition accounting rules. So turning to guidance. On Slide 13, we are reaffirming our full year 2018 sales and EPS guidance range. Even with the impact of lower U.S. dollar per euro exchange rates, which we are forecasting. We anticipate second half gross margin improvements in both our proprietary and contract manufacturing segments, due to sales mix, production efficiencies and plant utilization. Our projections now anticipate a euro exchange spot rate of $1.15 per Euro for the remainder of 2018. Our previous guidance was based on an exchange rate of $1.20 per Euro. Our forecast anticipates $9 million or $0.12 per share with the tax benefits from stock compensation for the full year. We expect our 2018 full year effective tax rate to be in the range of 24% to 25%, excluding the impact of the tax benefit from option exercises. To summarize the key takeaways for the quarter. We saw solid sales performance across all segments of our business, overall gross margin improvement, EPS growth and a reduction in our CapEx forecast for the year. Guidance is maintained and we are on track to deliver on our goals and objectives for the year. Id now like to turn the call back over to Eric Green.
Eric Green: Thank you, Bernard. And once again, welcome to West. Its great to have you on the team. As we look to the remainder of 2018, we believe our long-term growth trajectory remained strong. Through the execution of our market led strategy, we are making good progress against our goals and objectives for the year. We are growing proprietary and contract manufacturing sales by engaging our customers within the generics, biologics and pharma markets. We are developing and introducing new high-quality products and services to address unmet customer needs. And we are leveraging our global operations to operate more efficiently and effectively. These efforts are returning value to our customers and to our shareholders. Our continued progress makes us confident in our growth targets for the short and long-term, and we look forward to successful second half of 2018. Sarah, we are ready to take questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of David Windley with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
David Windley: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions and welcome to Bernard. I wanted to first, I guess, focus on the revenue number on your nice acceleration there. Was  I think one of the factors that you are expecting to impact the second half was  the supply out of Puerto Rico and the contribution to Vial2Bag. And I was wondering if that is still basically proceeding on plan? Or if perhaps there were some contribution to 2Q earlier than expected? And similarly, were there other  Ill call it accelerations in other high value products that help 2Q a little more than you might have expected and we should take into account for our second half thoughts? Thanks.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. David good morning, and thank you for the question. In regards to the administration systems, specifically around Vial2Bag, were still on target with our capacity expansion for the second half of this year, which you rightly noted well have a positive impact on our Pharma unit for the second half. What we experienced in Q2, specifically in the Pharma unit, is more around this effort around converting customers to high value products, specifically, in our elastomer  with our elastomers. And we talked about in past calls, where we have a few customers that are making that conversion from standard to high value products. And it does take time. Its a journey. But were seeing good progress, good traction, and its a little bit stronger than we anticipated in Q2.
David Windley: Okay, very interesting. So given that journey that conversion once started, I would think would have a pretty steady positive influence on high value product sales. Is that fair?
Bernard Birkett: It does in the sense David that, as they convert from standard to high value products, the new basis with the HVPs, and well continue to convert more up to the high value products. But Ill be in the base and continue to have a positive growth for the balance of the year for Pharma.
David Windley: If I could just ask one more on the cost side, you have a couple of things, the labor and other cost factors that you called out in Contract Manufacturing and the Waterford opening and ramp there. Are those things that that begin to alleviate very quickly? Or essentially how long does it take you to scale to alleviate the labor issues and scale into the Waterford plan? Thanks.
Eric Green: Yes, David, good question. Let me take into two parts, if you dont mind. One is lets talk about the gross margins. So we look at, we have two business of the Proprietary and Contracts. Obviously, Proprietary, we had higher gross margin in that particular business about 180 basis points expansion. Its inclusive of about 120 basis point headwind of Waterford. And that really is driven by the high value products. So as we talked about is that the power and  of the high value products, really does drive margin expansion as we grow that business near double-digits. In the contract manufacture specifically, you absolutely right, we had the headwinds in the quarter of due to labor and operational startup. And we believe that anticipating very quickly. And the reason for that is because specifically towards ramping up in two particular areas, continuous glucose monitoring devices that we manufacture out of Arizona and out of Dublin. The demand from our customers is ramping little faster than we anticipated. And the second area is around injection device for the diabetes market, weve also seen very nice expansion there. If you look at the growth of those two particular areas, thats one of the major drivers. We have 17% topline growth and Contract Manufacturing expects strong second half for this year. So we believe and as Bernard mentioned in his discussion, the gross margin for the Contract Manufacturing will become more in line in the second half of this year and you should start to see the improvement immediately in this quarter.
David Windley: Super, thank you.
Eric Green: Yes. Thanks, David.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Knight with Janney. Your line is now open.
Paul Knight: Hi [indiscernible] congratulations on winning West.
Bernard Birkett: Thank you.
Paul Knight: And the  on Proprietary Products, with your revenue recognition that youre doing there now, what was the impact on the quarter in terms of revenue growth and margin?
Eric Green: Yes. I believe it was immaterial effect on the numbers in the second quarter.
Bernard Birkett: Paul, most of the revenue recognition challenges that we had year-to-date has been really run our Contract Manufacturing business. But the impact of revenue recognition for the quarter is really minimal for our business.
Paul Knight: Okay, got it. And then on high value add products Eric, is that growth rate change or has that been lower to little bit in your view?
Eric Green: No. The high value product growth that were experiencing the double-digit for Q2, we strongly believe that consistently that business over a period of time should be growing high single or double. So we believe its now in the corridor that we anticipate, not just for about this year, but going into 2019 and beyond. Just to remind ourselves on this that the volume of units for high value products still less than 20% of our total volumes that we produce annually. So we do believe that the growth trajectory for HVP still has some ways to go.
Paul Knight: And then also on the Ireland facility, are you going to have revenue in the third quarter? Or when do you expect a meaningful amount of revenue out of Waterford?
Eric Green: I can  Im pleased to tell you, we will have some revenue in Q3, however. Obviously, we need to do a ramp-up both for insulin sheeting and HVP final product  finishing of the final product out of that facility. So there will be some revenue. It wont take  it wont absorb that $4 million headwind that we had in Q2, 100%. We do believe this is going to take some time. We do have those orders in hand. We are processing them as we speak. And well ramp up gradually over the next several quarters.
Paul Knight: And then, Im sorry for so many questions, but the last one is, any color on Crystal Zenith, how is the product update looking there for you Eric?
Eric Green: Yes. Actually its  we are actually pleased with the progress, and the reason for that is in the first quarter, we had participated with two customers that were approved of final product into the marketplace. The interest level continues to rise. We are seeing various from early stages to Phase I, II and III, all the way up to the recent drug filings for approval as I mentioned to in Q1. And we do have line of sight of another product was submitted for approval. So we are filling positive of Crystal Zenith, we start to thinking about the opportunities in that particular space, theyre still very pronounced especially in the Biologics area. But we are also starting to get interest in the areas of pharmaceutical. The Pharma market was small molecules. So its a slow journey, but we are pleased with what were seeing in the most recent years. That particular part of the business grew well in the double digits, but its from a small baseball, but expectations are still on track.
Paul Knight: Okay, thank you.
Eric Green: Thanks. Thank you, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dana Flanders with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Dana Flanders: Hi, thank you very much for the questions and congratulations on the quarter. My first one here, can you just elaborate a little bit on the strengths in the CMO business? You saw this quarter and I know in the press release and you mentioned on the call, some benefits from just timing of tooling orders as well as some recent competitive takeaways. Can you just touch on that, how much of the performance this quarter was driven by that? And what you should expect for the second half of the year?
Eric Green: Yes, Dana, good morning and thanks for the question. We look at the Contract Manufacturing business. Just to give you a little dimension of that we mentioned about 88% or plus 90% of the business is healthcare. Weve been making that transition away from consumer products and mostly focused around obviously, the healthcare, including diagnostics markets. And we are having some really good success. We believe that particular market is growing, lets call it, mid-single digit. Thats our expectations. But were growing faster than that and its because of what you indicated, as we are having some competitive takeovers and winning new contracts. The two areas of that 90%  roughly 90%% of the business, above a little bit less than  about a half of it is really going into our Biologics customers. And give you an example, we are having ramp up I mean, injection device for the diabetes markets for one of our customers. And fortunately not just the Contract Manufacturing of the device, but we also participate with the NOVACHOICE plunger, which is a high value product for us in that particular that unit. The other part of the growth that we are seeing  that we saw in Q2, really is a continuous glucose monitoring devices, and again, both from Arizona and Dublin. Our production we have to continue to ramp up or had been asked to produce more volume, because the demand is there. And thats very exciting. As we look forward Dana, were looking at areas of adding new capabilities around cold chain storage, drug handling. This is also attracting new customers and new projects. So I believe some of the volatility we are going to have. On a positive side, well be to the new offerings that were going to be offering in the marketplace.
Dana Flanders: Okay, perfect. Thats incredibly helpful. And maybe just my second question, on Generics, again, another very nice quarter out of you guys actually accelerating from Q1. Can you just elaborate on the strength there? I mean, is that still Asia Pac? And maybe talk a little bit about kind of the high value product growth youre seeing in Generics? What products, what customers and how you think about just the balance of that as we get into the second half? Thank you.
Eric Green: Yes. Thank you, Dana. Its really  Im really pleased with the Generics team. I mean, obviously, if you look back to 2017, we had some challenges. And I truly believe based on interactions with customers, that was driven, primarily due to our inability to have shorter lead times for our customers in 2016. So we had a tremendous volume growth in 2016, 2017 customers gain confidence of our lead times are now well below  if you talk about 8 or 10 weeks versus 20 to 30 weeks. And thats significant. Were getting accolades from our customers now thats changing the order patterns. So if you look at the growth we are seeing now, we think we have normalized when it comes to that inventory management cycle. We are seeing growth across all customer types large, midsize and small. Lets take this part a little better. One is in Asia. That business continue to grow very fast, while in the double digits that we saw in Q1. Were also seeing high value products growth in Generics continued to ramp up, probably a little bit faster we anticipated, thats a good sign the program like AccelTRA, and our Westar RU and Envision is gaining traction in that particular space. So its across multiple customer segments, its not just one or two customers which I am pleased about. And it is across all geographies, and its really hitting more of our high value products and the standard products.
Dana Flanders: Great, thank you.
Eric Green: Great, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Larry Solow with CJS Securities. Your line is now open.
Larry Solow: Thank you. Good morning. Just  first half I would just like to congratulate Bill. I am not sure if hes on the call, but his retirement and thank him for the help through the years, and certainly wish him the best of luck, and of course, also welcome Bernard to the team and I look forward to working with you.
Eric Green: Great. I know Bill is listening to you. So thats great.
Larry Solow: Excellent, excellent. You mentioned just on the  just a few global questions, most of my questions have answered, but on the high value products sort of sustainable high-single, low-double digit growth, is it historically or up until today, its been mostly driven by  on newly approved drugs. Are you seeing more? Or do you expect more sort of an uptick on conversion to some of the order legacy products in customers pipelines?
Eric Green: Yes, Larry, this  youre right in regards to new product pipeline, particularly in all three market units. Were focused on converting our customers and having focused on high value products as they go through the process for approval. But were actually seeing good traction and conversion from standard to high value products. And in addition to that we are seeing, I dont use the word, upgrades to Westar and Envision upgrades than from the standard products. So its not just moving to the high value products, were also seeing our customers move up the value curve, all the way up to NovaPure, and that is one of the elements that you see with that growth. Again, every time we are able to take our customer in the journey towards the ultimately the NovaPure offering, not just the ASP increased, but its also the margins increased associated to that. So its a combination of both, Larry.
Larry Solow: Right. And sticking sort of with the product offering. Can you maybe just give us a little more color on the new Westar Select sort of the incremental benefit it provides? I know you mentioned it has, I guess, a tighter particulate specification. But is that sort of the incremental benefit? And I guess, sort of expected cadence of growth in benefit? I imagine, it will be a slow incremental growth constant overtime like many of your other products.
Eric Green: Yes. Thats a good question, because the thesis behind this product portfolio is starting to look at our operations form over a process perspective than the site specifics. So one of the conversations we had historically is how do we start offering one DMF or Drug Master File for regulatory approval that crosses multiple sites. And you can imagine the benefit our customers, but also for us from an operation perspective that we can start level loading our operations. This is a journey, and its going to take some time to convert more customers towards that, but that was really one of the fundamental thesis around the state of the art facility built in Waterford. So youre going to have customers looking at Kinston, Waterford and Singapore, and these approvals are made on process and not site-specific, which is a great opportunity. We also took the opportunity to improve on the formulation and the processes we put in place around the product to really drive the tighter tolerance around specifications. And you can imagine that resonates very well with our customers. So it is a journey. Its going to take some time to adopt customers into the Westar Select, but this is a change that customers have been asking for a while, and now we have the capabilities of doing it.
Larry Solow: Okay, great. And just lastly on the CapEx number, you  looks like you lowered numbers by $20 million to $30 million. Just a few questions around that, obviously, it sounds like its a positive thing and sort of relates to the successful managing of the infrastructure. A couple of questions, is this sort of sustainable number as we look out of the next few years? You would have any visibility on that? And is this  I assume, this will sort of should help its probably already helping your operating margin. And is it sort of tied into the whole ongoing restructuring initiative, where I think you said, you expect $8 million to $13 million savings by the end of next year.
Eric Green: Yes. So when we look at the capital expenditures, in the last several years, we had some significant spend on infrastructure. And while we feel really confident that were going to be able to leverage these new assets, i.e., the expansion in Kinston, the new facility in Waterford, we believe fundamentally with the new global operations approach that we can leverage our assets more effectively. We did reduce our guidance for this quarter and well continue to assess because the traction has been very positive for the last few quarters. And will be able to be little bit more clear on our expectations going forward for the next few years probably later this year. But from my expectations is, we need to drive higher utilization of our existing assets to improve upon not just our margins, but our ROIC and other key metrics that is a clear indicator of the performance of the company.
Larry Solow: Excellent, great. Thanks, Eric, appreciate it.
Eric Green: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Derik DeBruin from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Derik DeBruin: Hi, good morning and welcome Bernard.
Bernard Birkett: Thank you.
Derik DeBruin: Im a better molecular biologist than Im an accountant. So Im need a bit of clarification on a couple of points. Specifically, with the 606 related points forward of the revenue recognition. So do I take this is that youre now recognizing revenues when they reach a certain level of completion versus being shipped? And I guess, does that mean you can hold products for customers at your facility and still basically recognize the revenues for them. And if so, doesnt that cause like a spike up in working capital?
Eric Green: Yes. Thats what we talked about as when we looked at our DSOs. We said that our receivable book balance had gone up in a part of that was down to the rev  changes in rev and rev rec. And its primarily we cant recognize products when it finish that primarily relates to our contract manufacturing business.
Bernard Birkett: So let me add to this, Derik. Its a good question, because our contract manufacturing business, if youd a chance to visit our site, youll realize that once we produce product, once it comes off to the line, they are transported to our customer within  immediately, whether its that day or day after or the day after that. We dont hold the inventory in contract manufacturing. And thats how weve established the contracts with our customers. In the proprietary business, we are really make to order concept. We have very little inventory on hand and actually, in addition to that we dont really have any agreements that transfer titles to our customers at that point of time. So to really be clear on it, its really in the contract manufacturing business, but were not holding the inventory. We are shipping as soon as we have it produced.
Derik DeBruin: Great. Thanks for the clarification. Did  unless I missed it, did you reiterate the 6% to 8% revenue growth guide for 2018? And if so, where on the spectrum are you now looking at it, given youre running 6% for the first half of the year.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. We reiterated that and were looking at the midpoint.
Derik DeBruin: Okay. And can you talk a little bit about, I mean, I know some people asked this, I just want to little bit more clarity. Can you quantify the impact on the quarter to the initial stocking orders and the low margin tooling sales on organic revenue basis?
Eric Green: The tooling for Q2 was relatively consistent to the Q2 of last year, except for about $2 million. So thats the delta. We do have tooling almost on a quarterly basis, but the delta for Q2 is about $2 million.
Derik DeBruin: And the stocking orders, any  I mean, is that the pull forward from the
Eric Green: No stocking orders. I mean, to be clear, there was an increase in demand from our customers to increase volume for our facilities, because their demand to their end markets are increasing. We started, to give you an example, in our  with some of the products in Dublin, we started this journey with a customer and utilization of the existing equipment, because thats a ramp up process, were not at full capacity. So we do have the ability to put more product to the existing assets, which were currently working on, because were not going from 0 to 100 within the first couple of months. Its been several months. We do believe by the end of the year will be pretty much full  full tilt on the current assets.
Derik DeBruin: Great, thats help. And just one final question. You changed your pension accounting, which is like a little bit of a net benefit to the second order versus the old way. What are the 3Q 2017 and 4Q 2017 op margins under the new method, so we can better model to year-over-year comps.
Eric Green: Can we give us a second here for one moment. We have it. So its about  the total value was about $700,000 per quarter. So that gives you a feeling of the impact of the pension accounting rules.
Derik DeBruin: Great, thanks.
Eric Green: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Hillary with Roubaix. Your line is now open.
Christopher Hillary: Hi, good morning.
Eric Green: Good morning, Chris.
Christopher Hillary: I just wanted to ask, were finally in a clearly inflationary environment and how do you see your business handling that?
Eric Green: Yes, theres two ways to look at it. One is in our Contract Manufacturing business, we do have agreements with our customers that when raw materials increase, escalate, we are able to pass along to our customers. So when we look at net price contribution for our business, it really is from a proprietary perspective, because its somewhat neutral when it comes to Contract Manufacturing. In the Proprietary business, we have hedging programs put in place for our key raw materials, and we also do adjust our prices on a regular basis to accommodate inflations that we may occur, whether from raw materials or others costs that we incur. So thats to the extent that we see at this point to our business. We have the ability to pass through in appropriate ways.
Christopher Hillary: Okay. And then maybe just one other one. You talked a lot today, thank you, about the high-value products and the growth that youre seeing there. Are there any products you highlight that you think will be either new or driving the growth in the next sort of one to three years?
Eric Green: No, absolutely. So within the high-value product portfolio, we are launching  its a journey. So if you start thinking about NovaPure, which is the highest quality, qualified  designed product portfolio within high-value products, we are seeing really good penetration there, very high growth, but again, its a small base, but this tends to be more in the pipeline molecules for new approvals. And we anticipate over the next several years for that to continue to grow. We also have the conversion towards Westar Select to leverage our operations that we invested in, both Kinston and Waterford. And that will also be a journey over the next couple of years. Im very pleased on the initial response by our generics customers with AccelTRA. We launched that less than a year ago, but the number of samples and customers that are going through stability and approval processes gives us confidence that the whole value proposition is resonating with our customers, and youll see more conversion towards AccelTRA, again, a high-value product portfolio. And the last one Im just thrilled to talk about is the devices side, where SelfDose, and thats early into the marketplace, and weve been able to launch as a combination with one of our customers, combination device. And we are seeing positive response by other customers, and we believe in the next 12 to 18 months, well have one or two more to share with you with the adoption of SelfDose. So I believe theres multiple opportunities for West to continue to drive new innovations into the marketplace and you see a comment theme here that were pushing up on the value proposition, so that we continue to drive margin expansion through the mix shift.
Christopher Hillary: Great. Thank you very much.
Eric Green: Great. Thanks for your question.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Quintin Lai for any further remarks.
Quintin Lai: Thank you, Sarah. And thank you, everyone, for joining us on todays conference call. An online archive of the broadcast will be available on our website at www.westpharma.com. Additionally, you may access the telephone replay through Thursday August 2, by dialing the numbers and conference ID provided at the end of todays earnings release. This concludes the call for today. Have a nice day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude todays program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Quintin Lai - VP, IR Eric Green - CEO Bill Federici - CFO
Analysts: David Windley - Jefferies & Company Larry Solow - CJS Securities Dana Flanders - Goldman Sachs Paul Knight - Janney Montgomery Scott Drew Jones - Stephens & Co. Derik DeBruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 2018 West Pharmaceutical Services Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call maybe recorded for replay purposes. It is now pleasure to turn the conference over to Mr. Quintin Lai, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Quintin Lai: Thank you, Brian. Good morning, and welcome to West's first quarter 2018 conference call. We issued our financial results this morning and the release has been posted in the Investor section on the company's Web site located at www.westpharma.com. This morning CEO, Eric Green and CFO, Bill Federici, will review our results, give you an update on our business and provide an updated financial outlook for the full year 2018. There's a slide presentation that accompanies today's conference call and a copy of that presentation is also available on the Investor's section of our Web site. On Slide 2 is the Safe Harbor statement. Statements made by management on this call and in the presentation contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of US federal securities law. These statements are based on management's beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. There are many factors that can influence the company's future results that are beyond the ability of the company to control or predict. Because of these known or unknown risks or uncertainties, actual results could differ materially from past results and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement. For a non-exclusive list of factors which could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, please refer to today's press release as well as any further disclosures the company makes regarding the risk to which it is subject in the company's 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports. In addition, during today's call, management will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures, including: sales in constant currency, organic sales growth, adjusted operating profit, adjusted operating profit margin and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in this morning's earnings release. I now turn the call over to West's CEO and President Eric Green.
Eric Green: Great. Thank you, Quintin, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today. This morning we reported our first quarter performance. And you have seen in our press release we grew overall sales despite the headwinds and the tough first quarter comparison that we forecasted at the beginning of the year. Our generics market unit posted another quarter of accelerating growth. In our Contract Manufacturing segment also saw impressive growth in the quarter. There are positive signs of future growth across all market units and were confident in the underlying strength of our business as we look to the remainder of 2018. Lets now turn to the detail of our market unit performances for the first quarter. On Slide 4, we show the organic sales growth performance of each of the three market units in our Proprietary Product segment and our Contract Manufacturing segment. As we have done on previous calls, we show the trailing four quarters along the current quarterly performance. While we adjust for last year's sales associated with both the deconsolidation of the Venezuela business and lower consumer contract manufacturing sales due to our customer moving their business in-house, our organic sales growth would have been 4.1%. I'll start with generics which represents an excellent example of the resilience of our business. Looking back, we saw the first signs of a slowdown due to customer inventory management beginning in late 2016. By Q3 of 2017, we start to see early indications of return to normal growth. Since then, weve reported accelerating growth for the past three quarters. Order patterns from our largest customers gave us confidence for the rest of the year. Another encouraging sign is a strong rebound in sales growth we're seeing in India. On the new product front, we are encouraged to see numerous sampling requests for our AccelTRA component program, a high-quality product offering that is built around the most critical and fundamental customer needs for quality, speed, and simplicity. We are also seeing increased customer activity around our patient controlled self injection platform SelfDose, as companies seek technologies that make it easier for patients to self inject. These and other initiatives are seen in the market for future growth. For the full-year of 2018, we expect generics organic sales growth in the high single-digits. Turning to Pharma. The sales growth pattern is similar to what we saw with generics over the past two years. Pharma saw customer inventory management issues impacting results beginning in 2017. But our order book has stabilized now and we expect to see sales growth acceleration for the remainder of the year. Within the Pharma market unit, there's increase in demand for a universal vial transfer system. To address this, we are adding manufacturing capacity for a Vial2Bag administration system. And this capacity comes online throughout the year. It will contribute to the anticipated growth we expect. We are also encouraged with the outlook of HVP adoption of FluroTec, Westar RS, Envision, and NovaPure components. For Pharma, we're planning for mid single-digit organic sales growth for the full-year with a balanced revenue stream throughout the year. Looking at Biologics, the past two quarters illustrate the quarterly variability primarily driven by launch plans, as well as active stock adjustment programs at large customers. A strong double-digit growth in Q4 was aided by commercial launch activities that did not occur in Q1. To address the challenges we have experienced with inventory management activities of our customers, we have been working closer with the supply chain of our larger customers to better anticipate the timing of demand. Understand the complexities of these supply chain is leading to better transparency and in fact helped us forecast last quarter that Q1 will be soft for Biologics. Using the same methodology, we see a more stable outlook for Q2 in Biologics an accelerating growth for the remainder of the year. We are making good progress with the supply chain partnership program. Given the start in Biologics, full-year growth will likely be in the mid single to high single-digit growth range. However, as we look to the future we remain confident in the strength of this business. We continue to maintain a strong market position with excellent participation on FDA molecular entity approvals. Our high-value components are the go to standard for Biologics and biosimilar customers. And demand is building and forecast to grow throughout the year. High-value product adoption remains the key focus for Biologics and for all our market units. We are seeing good adoption rates for NovaPure components, Envision expected components and our administration systems. These products are key to addressing the challenges our customers are facing across all market units. They represent our highest quality offering and therefore yield better margins for the business. We expect high single to low double-digit growth for our HVP portfolio for the full-year. Turning to Contract Manufacturing. We had another strong quarter of sales growth. Our CMT was doing a great job of providing our customers with expertise in high precision, high-volume injection molding and assembling. A great example is our recently expanded Dublin Ireland facility. Just few weeks ago, I toured the facility and was impressed with the level of activity. It was less than two years ago when we expanded to a second building. Now that building is running on all cylinders and were looking to meet growing demand with further expansion within our current footprint. At the same time, our business is continuing to evolve to meet the needs of our customers we serve. As an example, weve recently added new capabilities such as cold storage drug handling in Arizona and will soon be installing same technology in Ireland. These new capabilities accelerate our strategy to provide strategic and high-value products and services for our CM customers. We expect continued progress in 2018 with high single-digit growth for the year. While our commercial team continues to engage customers, and what is most important to them in terms of products and services, as noted on Slide 5, our operations team is also focused on improving the customer experience across all segments and units. Our unified global manufacturing team is working across all our sites to improve safety, quality and service to our customers, while reducing overall costs. We are seeing good progress on each of our key performance metrics and our previously announced restructuring program is on track. We are looking forward to delivering the first commercial sales in our newly constructed Waterford site, in Ireland later this year. We are also working to transfer high-value product technology to Waterford, so we can serve customers even more fully from the state-of-the-art site in the future. Waterford is now part of our unmatched global manufacturing footprint through which we are delivering industry-leading lead times with the highest level of quality. I'm especially pleased to see how our teams are working to continuously improve our performance in the future to exceed our customer's expectations. With Q1 behind us, we're well-positioned for the remainder of 2018. We are reaffirming our full-year 2018 organic sales growth guidance of 6% to 8%, and we are reaffirming our overall sales and adjusted EPS guidance. Now I'll turn it over to our CFO, Bill Federici, who will provide more color on our financial performance and to provide details on our long-term outlook. Bill?
Bill Federici: Thank you, Eric, and good morning, everyone. We issued our results this morning, reporting first quarter 2018 earnings of $43.6 million, or $0.58 per diluted share versus the $0.81 per diluted share we reported in the first quarter of '17. Our Q1 '18 reported results include $3.3 million or $0.04 per diluted share of restructuring and other charges resulting in adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.62. Our financial results are summarized on Slide 6, and the reconciliation of non-GAAP measures are described in Slide 12 to 14. Our Q1, 2018 reported results also include $2.1 million or $0.03 of EPS tax benefit associated with share-based payments whereas Q1, 2017 included $15.9 million or $0.21 EPS tax benefit. Our results for Q1, 2018 were impacted by the new revenue recognition rules and the new pension expense classification rules. While the new pension rules had no net impact on EPS, the new revenue recognition rules accelerated the recognition of certain of our revenues. The adverse impact to our Q1, 2018 sales was $3 million and we expect the full-year adverse sales impact will be approximately $6 million. Our working capital has been and will continue to be adversely impacted by the acceleration of revenue recognition. The adverse impact on Q1 working capital was approximately $3 million or two days. Turning to sales. Slide 7 shows the components of our consolidated sales increase. Consolidated first quarter sales were $415.7 million, excluding the currency translation effects and the effects of the deconsolidation of our Venezuelan subsidiary and the lost consumer products contract manufacturing customer, our consolidated Q1, 2018 sales would have increased by 4.1% versus the prior year quarter. Proprietary product sales increased 1.3% versus the same quarter in 2017 excluding exchange effects and the effects of the deconsolidation of our Venezuelan subsidiary. Sales price increases accounted for just over 1% of the sales increase in the current quarter. Our high-value product components and systems sales increased 2.2% versus the prior year quarter. While our generics market unit business saw a return to high single digits in the current quarter, as expected, the current quarters HVP sales were adversely impacted by customer inventory management, especially in our Pharma and Biologics market units. The current quarter's HVP sales as a percentage of total proprietary sales were essentially flat versus the prior year quarter and represented more than 55% of our total proprietary product Q1 2018 sales. For the full-year 2018, we expect high single to low double-digit sales growth in high-value products. CZ and SmartDose sales were $9 million in the current quarter $8 million in the prior year quarter. Contract manufactured product net sales increased by 7.9% X currency versus the prior year quarter despite the loss of a consumer product business customer. A favorable mix of products sold, volume increases and pricing drove the increase in Q1, 2018 sales. This quarter's growth was favorably impacted by continued strong demand for some customer projects in our Dublin facility. We expect high single-digit sales growth in contract manufacturing for the full-year 2018. As provided on Slide 8, our consolidated gross profit margin for Q1 2018 was 32.3% versus the 34.6% margin we achieved in the first quarter of '17. Excluding the adverse effect of the deconsolidation of our Venezuelan sub, the lost consumer products contract manufactured customer and the under absorbed overheads in Waterford, our Q1 2018 gross profit margin would had increased 20 basis points versus the prior year quarter. Proprietary products first quarter gross margin of 37.1% was 220 basis points lower than the 39.3% achieved in the first quarter of '17. The decrease in gross margin is due to the unfavorable mix of products sold, the under absorbed overheads in Waterford, the Venezuelan deconsolidation, partially offset by increased prices and operational efficiencies in another facility. Contract manufactured products first quarter gross margin decreased by 150 basis points to 14.8% compared to the prior year quarter. The current quarter's lower gross margin is primarily due to the adverse effect of the lost consumer product customer, partially offset by the favorable mix of products sold and operational efficiencies in our Dublin facility. As reflected on Slide 9, Q1 2018 consolidated SG&A expense increased by $5.9 million versus the prior year quarter. As a percentage of sales, first quarter 2018 SG&A expense was 16.4% versus 16.1% in the first quarter of '17. Foreign currency exchange increased SG&A expenses by $2.3 million. We also experienced higher compensation expense, including merit increases and increased outside service costs offset by less SG&A associated with the deconsolidation of our Venezuelan operations in Q2 2017. Slide 10 shows our key cash flow metrics. Operating cash flow was $45 million for the current quarter, $24 million more than the prior year quarter, primarily reflecting a $20 million voluntary pension contribution made in the prior year quarter. Our capital spending was $28 million in the current quarter. We expect to spend less than $150 million in capital in 2018. More than half of our planned capital spending is dedicated to new products and expansion initiates. Slide 10 also provides some summary balance sheet information. Our balance sheet continues to be strong and we're confident that our business will provide necessary future liquidity. Our cash balance at March 31st of $200 million was $36 million less than our December 2017 balance. Approximately $48 million of our cash was used to buyback 540,000 shares of our common stock under the Board authorized year buyback plan. Yet at March 31st, of $198 million is roughly the same level as at the year-end. And on a net debt to total invested capital ratio basis, we are essentially delevered. Working capital of $480 million at March 31 with $16 million higher than at year-end, the majority of the increase is due to the decrease in our cash balances, being more than offset by increases in our receivables related to the growth of our business and the impact of the new revenue recognition accounting rules as well as less accounts payable and accrued expenses at this quarter's end. Our committed proprietary product orders of $428 million at March 2018 were 11% higher than at year-end, but 3% lower than the March 2017 orders excluding exchange due to the current reduced order lead times. Turning to Slide 11, we are reaffirming our full-year 2018 sales and EPS guidance range reflecting the favorable Q1, 2018 foreign currency exchange rate, offset by less Q1, 2018 excess tax benefit on stock transactions than we had previously anticipated. We expect our 2018 full-year effective tax rate to be approximately 26% excluding the impact of the tax benefit from option exercises. Despite the euro exchange, spot rate increased to $1.22 per euro, we have conservatively based our guidance on an exchange rate of $1.20 per euro, the same rate used in our prior guidance. Our 2018 guidance excludes any expected additional expense associated with our restructuring program. I now like to turn the call back over to Eric Green. Eric?
Eric Green: Thank you, Bill. Before we close, I want to share some customer feedback. We recently wrote to the panel of global customers representing all our business segments and market units. We asked these customers to provide feedback on our performance and what makes for an ideal industry partner. They talked about the criticality of high-quality, security of supply and scientific excellence. And we're pleased that West rated highly in all those fronts. Importantly, they talked about wanting a partner who could help them differentiate their products to offer more value to patients. They want flexible dosing, wearable devices, connectivity, digitization and innovation. Theyre also looking for suppliers that added samples of long drug development cycle and the need for speed and flexibility and how best to partner along the way. At West, we're proud of our long-standing partnership with the injectable drug industry that these customers represent. In fact, earlier this month, we celebrated our 95th year on business. And while we have celebrated that milestone, our focus is on what the next 95 years will bring, and how we can continue to grow our business into the future. As we look to the rest of 2018, our focus is on execution. We're working with our customers across all the markets to deliver products and services that meet their unique needs. Our global operations team is working to improve safety, quality and service for customers, while reducing our overall costs, and were anticipating the future and what our customers and their patients will need as we develop new products and new capabilities to service them. Our market led approach is resonating with our customers and we're confident we will continue to see future growth for the remainder of the year. Brian, were ready to take questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of David Windley with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
David Windley: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions here. I wanted to try to understand a little bit better on sales growth since you might imagine. Follow your -- I was looking at the slide around your tracking of growth by end market segment and thinking about how you get from the .2% in the first quarter to this 6% to 8% for the full-year. And if you could just kind of walk me through that perhaps particularly focusing on Biologics, but walk me through that by client segment would be very helpful. Thank you.
Eric Green: Yes. David, good morning. Thanks for the question. I will start with the Biologics area. As we commented on is that this particular part of the business were seeing some variability because of when customers are buying high-value products, starting their clinical phase for evaluation such as line trials or part of the delivery system, are being developed specific [indiscernible] events of anticipated approvals. So when the launches occur there is a buildup and then there's a -- there's somewhat at the way until a replenishment of the inventory, so were seeing a little bit of variability in the Biologics. Saying that, we are pretty confident when we start looking at the order book and future projects we are currently working on in Q2, Q3, and Q4. That gives us confidence that we're able to drive a organic performance of mid single to high single-digits for the full-year. In the Pharma sector, that particular market unit, if you strip out the headwind they had in Q1 specifically around Venezuela which not all of that, a good portion of the Venezuela operations was under Pharma. And as you know when that shutdown with minimal revenue coming back to West going into that market with those operations not working. So we sort of thinking about the Pharma uptick and the high-value products. We also see the administration system business over capacity constraint today will be additional capacity online starting this quarter. And we will be able to push that through to our customers who are pulling the demand today for us. So the Pharma were feeling much more comfortable that we were back to our typical growth rates. And we will look at the revenues, it's more stabilized each quarter versus the fluctuation. Just to finalize on the generics, the generics has come -- has came back as we anticipated, but actually a little bit stronger virtually, but the outlook is even greater. The reason why I would say little stronger than we anticipated, we didnt anticipate India to come back as fast as it did in Q1. That was a very strong performance. In fact, all of Asia was well -- very, very strong growth across all of Asia Pacific for us. So we believe the generics base will continue to deliver as weve seen this quarter, but going forward. So if you bring that all together, that gives us little bit higher than that 6% to 8% quarter for Proprietary. So the full average for the full-year is 6% to 8%. Im not going to say much for contract manufacturing, that's pretty much isolated, you can see it. But Dave, last comment, high-value products is the key driver of that growth. So we're -- as we look at into the next three quarters, were looking at growth rates of high single low double-digits with a high-value product portfolio.
David Windley: So just to clarify, I mean, from -- numerically from a -- basically zero starting point in the first quarter, a lot of your guidance youre talking kind of hovers around high single to low double. Dont you need solidly double-digits to drag the average up to 6% for the year?
Eric Green: Yes we do, Dave. Thats were looking at is -- if you look at through the pacing of the quarter, its building up towards that, but its back half of 2018. It's going to be much stronger than we had in the first half and its little bit of a comp issue too. We sort of thinking about the back half of last year.
David Windley: Yes, okay. And then maybe one last one, then I will yield to others. On the qualitative side, I was thinking about -- and you have had this impact to lead times and inventory we talked for several quarters about how -- there were bottlenecks that you addressed, but during the bottlenecks clients over brought and built inventory and then once you address them there's kind of a tough comp and as theyre lapping those activities. And I think those are more generic biased, but we've also kind of use those same types of descriptions in Biologics, and I think qualitatively the issues are different, right? Because in Biologics it sounds like your issues are clients launching product or not is that delayed, do you have visibility on that? And, I guess, help me to understand am I right that kind of the nature of the two issues is different such that like our confidence that we're going to lap the issues in Biologics is different and maybe not as high as the simple lapping of the generic issue?
Eric Green: Yes, that is a very good observation. Thats a good -- so when we think about the generics, you are right. A lot of the bottlenecks that occurred at year and half, two years ago was around our high-value product portfolio and conversion of generics customers to that part of our portfolio. And because of the fact that we weren't able to produce the lead times escalated significantly, I would say we have lapped that clearly. And in the generics space we're actually delivering, add new record cycle times that is faster than anybody in the industry today. So when you think about the Biologics you're absolutely correct when you said there is -- it's a little different than generics. It's still the high-value product portfolio, but there is a large component of that is build up for launches and then the drug acceptance into the marketplace. Thats what were seeing. I can assure you what weve learned with the generic customers versus our top customers where we put a -- supply chains together, were now mapping out demand curves required for the largest launches. It gives us better anticipation, not just in the Generics, but now in the Biologics space. So there's some of that confidence that were seeing in the Biologics, yes, the cycle times are much less. You dont need to order as much in advance but the larger portion of that is really around drug launches, the cyclicality of that.
David Windley: All right. As promised, I will step out. Thanks.
Eric Green: Great. Thank you, Dave.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Larry Solow with CJS Securities. Your line is now open.
Larry Solow: Great. Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Eric Green: Good morning, Larry.
Larry Solow: A follow-up on the backlog question. You guys have done a great job obviously reducing lead times. And historically backlog was sort of somewhat of an indicator of future growth with some nuances obviously especially more lately. There's a fact that you're -- you were basically flat year-over-year. Does your forecast entail more -- even more and greater customer conversations and -- in other words, how do you sort of see yourself growing eventually at low double-digit this year when your backlog is kind of flattish? And then, the second question would be not that you have more capacity, have discussion sort of opened up around sort of changing some customer -- some of the existing products, older products getting more into the HVP, high-value stuff on that -- on those end?
Eric Green: Yes, Larry, those are good questions. Thank you. So the first one, talk about backlog. Youre absolutely correct. What you see -- what we see today is a different profile of the backlog and what I mean by that is historically we would have pretty much visibility, it's pretty even dispersed over the next three to four quarters. What were seeing now, even though its flat, higher proportion of that backlog number is more near-term. I.e., if I look at today with Q2 and Q3, and it goes to the fact that the cycle times are less -- customer is less prone to put orders in long-term. It doesn't mean that theyre looking at [indiscernible] of sources. We are on those molecules. We are the supplier of choice for their products that they launch. It's just we are able to perform in a much higher level than we had in the past. And that is due to lean initiatives, thats due to capacity expansion that we have in place today that gives us that platform. So Im confident we sort of thinking about what the backlog is more near-term than long-term. Thats the changing dynamics. The capacity conversation, you're right. Larry, we are in active conversations with our customers moving them from standard products to high-value products. And while some customers are taking a platform approach and were moving more of their molecules towards that. Some are looking at from one at a time. We are adding -- when you think about Waterford as an example, while we are -- weve the facility been validated by our customers where we think commercial ramp up, we are continuing to add new technologies like RU -- Westar RU in Waterford. Weve a more complete solution to drive the quality. So that -- these are the initiatives that weve put in place to convert our customers from standard to high-value products.
Larry Solow: Okay. Just a question in terms of cadence of growth, you can grow after the year. I know you guys got it quarterly, but it sounds like maybe a little bit improvement in Q2, but most of the sequential improvement will really occur in three and then into four, is that sort of good assessment?
Eric Green: Yes, Larry. I think you will find consistent growth around the generics. Pharma as I mentioned would be more consistent from a revenue perspective, but on a comp perspective you will see it accelerate as a percentage, because the comp is less than 2017 and Biologics we will see a continued acceleration throughout the year.
Larry Solow: Okay, great. Thanks.
Eric Green: Thank you, Larry.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Dana Flanders with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Dana Flanders: Hi. Thank you very much for the questions. I guess my first one and just following up on just the cadence throughout the year. Can you just talk a little bit about just the gross and operating margin progression that we should expect? I mean, will that generally follow revenue growth or is there any lumpiness that that we should be thinking about in terms of just margin improvement throughout the year?
Bill Federici: Yes, Dana. Thank you. Yes, it will be more progressive as the year goes. It was as we said a very tough comp in the first quarter. As we go through the year with both high-value product expansion and the growth in sales expansion as we talked about, we believe that that margins will get better as the year progresses. So, yes, definitely back half ended and progressing as the year goes.
Dana Flanders: Okay, great.
Bill Federici: Thats both for gross margin and for operating margin.
Dana Flanders: Okay, great. And just my second quick follow-up, just on the bigger picture on competition, I believe a few of your larger competitors have announced investment in expanding capacity. Just how are you thinking about the supply demand equilibrium in the medium-term across standard products, across high-value products and just, I guess, the potential for competition on new business? Thank you.
Eric Green: Yes. Dana, we are aware of our competition. We are continuously investing in certain parts of the business. What we are looking at again just putting into perspective the volumes that we produced today, lower $40 billion -- components a year. And to get a site up and running youre seeing this with us on the Waterford when we started that project in 2014, right. And so here we are talking about customers just validated the lines and were starting to -- flip into commercial revenues for 2018. Our process is pretty consistent to other companies that would have to -- as the building and validation doesn't really change. Said that, we are aware that theyre building capacity. We are having active discussions to our customers that continue to move up the high-value product curve so that as you start thinking about differentiation it really is around the quality. It's around availability of the service which we believe that we just in the last 12 to 18 months as significantly raise the bar. So we're not complacent. We understand the situation, but we do believe that we will continue to be in a very favorable position because of those levers.
Dana Flanders: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Paul Knight with Janney Montgomery. Your line is now open.
Paul Knight: Hi, Eric. When is Waterford coming online?
Eric Green: Yes, Paul, we have -- right now were validating product with customers. They are actually -- weve sampled. We are working through the changes that will occur from manufacture in other locations to our Waterford facility on existing products, but also new products. There's obviously a validation process. In Q3, we're looking at revenues, commercial revenues and that will be the -- really the official -- launch and grow as we proceed throughout the quarters. We got -- I have to tell you Ive been there a few times. The site is really, really well-positioned. Our customers are very complementary of what we've done not just to replicate current processes, but to really move them into the next generation. So I think that there's a lot of interest and weve a lot of visitors on-site for future business. So, Q3 and forward.
Paul Knight: And then the burn youre -- how -- what is this burning up on SG&A for the interim here for quarter?
Eric Green: Okay. Go on.
Bill Federici: So, Paul, it really impacts more cost. The under absorbed overhead was $3.6 million in the quarter. We will see a similar amount in the second quarter, but as you remember we discussed last year, we started depreciating the plant in the second quarter. So you will start to see that that under absorbed overhead as its comparable to last year. We will start to update and as we start to get from the commercial activities in Q3 and beyond, that number, the unabsorbed overhead will lessen as we go through the year.
Paul Knight: And then lastly CapEx you're saying down this year below 150, what's it look like after this year?
Eric Green: Yes, Paul, thats -- were -- Ive to tell you, one of the changes we made about a year and half ago is -- and weve always thought about our operations globally, but we really formalized the global operations and we have 28 manufacturing sites. And by formalizing the global approach we are able to allocate our resources, I would say probably more effectively on where we want to invest in centers of excellence and also we look at capacity, we built at Kinston, we have Waterford on the ground. Weve expanded in Dublin. We have bricks-and-mortar. And so this year we're looking at below 150. We believe going forward we will be hovering around that corridor and as a percentage of sales we will continue to drop. Right now just to put into two dimension, right now were looking at about $50 million to $60 million of our CapEx is around maintenance. And if you want to maintain a high level of quality and productivity of our facility, thats the investments we have to make. We are putting about [Indiscernible] into IT. It's a combination of some maintenance, but also future growth and the balance is really around new products, new innovations and new HVP portfolios that are coming into the market. Thats how you would look at the split.
Paul Knight: Okay. Thanks.
Eric Green: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Drew Jones with Stephens Inc. Your line is now open.
Drew Jones: Thanks, guys. Looking at the core proprietary product revenue, down about 2% year-over-year, is it -- can you parse out how much of that was volume versus how much was mix? And is it safe to assume that the volumes are going to rebound in the back half of the year? I know you talked a lot about HVP being a key driver from here, but just want to get a feel for the volumes bounce and back other than just easier comps coming up?
Bill Federici: Yes. We do obviously believe that the lines will continue to grow from all things that Eric described earlier. We don't parse out volume and mix other than where we talked about high-value products was also down in the quarter. But as Eric commented, we believe for the full-year we will see high single to low double-digit growth of high-value products. So therefore as you can assume were going to continue to accelerate not only volume wise, but also mix wise. And remember our construct is only -- it's about 1% price, 2% to 3% market volume, and then the rest is mix. So while we didn't see a whole lot of growth in the first quarter, Eric mentioned we don't see any lost business and were going to continue to grow this business in the way that we believe that construct make sense for us. So more growth coming in the back half of the year obviously, but both volume mix and a little bit of price.
Drew Jones: Perfect. And then on the contract manufacturing side, you talked about losing the consumer, customer filling that with a healthcare line. Whats your line of sight for when thats going to stop being a drag on margins?
Eric Green: Well, thats rule quickly. The consumer business that we lost and they brought in house themselves, that is for the -- will be the full-year of 2018. So we ended that relationship at the end of '17 -- literally at the end of '17 and that will have an impact -- somewhat even impact throughout '18. I have to say though that we are talking about high single-digit performance even with that particular losses is pretty impressive because of the focus -- strategic focus around the healthcare space thats driving that performance. Bill do you want to ?
Bill Federici: Yes, just one extra thought on there. There's two components to the piece that impacted Q1. The one is the -- obviously the margin on the products sold. But then there's the under absorbed overhead that it leaves in its place when you take the product out. As part of the restructuring plan that we talked about, were going to be combining those two contract manufacturing facilities in the U.S into one and so -- and that will happen in latter part of 2018, the second half. And therefore you'll see that under absorbed overhead piece of that issue go away. So less of a drag in the back half of the year. But as Eric said the strong growth in healthcare is definitely a net positive for that business going forward.
Drew Jones: Thanks, guys.
Eric Green: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Derik DeBruin with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Derik DeBruin: Hi. Good morning.
Eric Green: Hi, Derik.
Derik DeBruin: Hi. Bill, just a question, I mean, when you sort of look at second quarter were exchange rates, whats sort of embedded in your model for FX on 2Q and then also for the balance of the year. I mean 7% was well above -- and Q1 was well above what we had modeled.
Eric Green: Yes. Yes, so youre right. Q1 was 1.23 per dollar, our dollar per euro for the first quarter. The rest of the year we've scheduled in at 1.20. Even though the spot rate today is 1.22, we took a conservative stance on the FX growth. So if you remember the paradigm it is a $0.01 change in the ratio for the full-year with yield about a penny of EPS. So our previous guidance had been at the -- at 1.20, we left it there for now. There is some benefit in the first quarter and we're being conservative by just saying that we will be at 1.20 for the rest the year. So in the second quarter using the 1.20 you should expect about 0.04 of EPS expansion versus the prior year.
Derik DeBruin: Okay. And so that was about the same rate than in the first quarter about $0.04 benefit?
Bill Federici: It is -- no, it's higher than -- a little higher than that Derik because weve 1.23 not $1.20. So in the first quarter 
Derik DeBruin: Got you.
Bill Federici:  it was $0.07.
Derik DeBruin: $0.07 EPS -- FX, got you.
Bill Federici: Yes.
Derik DeBruin: And Im just sort of curious on -- basically your -- youve got those very clean balance sheet and sort of like how are you guys thinking about utilizing that going forward? I mean, is there more indication to sort of lever up just a touch to maybe even more aggressive on buybacks. Im just curious in terms of what I mean you dont -- it doesnt sound like you -- I mean, you dont really need to acquire any things sort of given the growth profile of the company, Im just wondering what -- what's sort of your plan is on the balance sheet?
Eric Green: Yes, Derik, I would like to talk about a couple aspects of that, use of cash. Number one is as you know we want to continue to fuel the high-value product portfolio with internal organic investments. But in addition to that is continuously looking at potential bolt-on technologies or broaden the product portfolio. And I would argue in the last 2.5 years, my tenure here weve been not very inquisitive in that space. But I think we have a good position, a good line of sight where our customers are asking us to look at part of as broaden the portfolio and we will take that into consideration as we move forward. But we, obviously, are giving the dividends, we are doing share buyback this year. And the Board authorized about [indiscernible] shares really to keep the share count somewhat neutral for the balance of the year. But thats generally how we look at use of cash today and we are looking at that on a regular basis. We don't see that static. The dynamics do change and there's more opportunities in lever or the other to make sure we balance between our customers and our shareholders, we will do that.
Derik DeBruin: Great. And just one final thing, I just noticed on the -- on slide 4, you called out some reclassification, some sales in your Pharma segment. Can you sort of talk about what that is? And I think it had sort of the impact of maybe making the 2Q comp a little bit tougher?
Bill Federici: It doesnt have anything to do with 2Q comp, but it is as you suggest, Derik, weve looked at the way that we record those sales by the market units and there needs to be tweaking from time-to-time based on customers order, things in the Biologics space, the Pharma space and the generics space, so it is difficult to parse it out between the various market units. Weve gone through and weve periodically go through and look at it. These are very, very small changes, they're not significant. In fact, for the full-year its less than 1 percentage point. So we just want to be absolutely transparent, but really that was very, very small.
Derik DeBruin: So it's just a matter of just like how your customers are sort of being defined or what it is. It's just that -- I mean, in that sense, thats how youre looking at it?
Bill Federici: Yes, it's just how -- not how we define them. So, if we have a customer that we sell both Bio, Pharma, and Generics, all three of them into which we do have customers that are that way, parsing it out between those three buckets is not a perfect science and we look at it periodically and make sure that we're getting it right. And again just to reiterate there is no change in the overall portfolio of proprietary products. None of these changes are outside of that. It's all within those three buckets.
Derik DeBruin: Great. Thank you.
Bill Federici: Thank you, Derik.
Eric Green: Thank you, Derik.
Operator: Thank you. And Im showing no further questions in the queue at this time. So now it is my pleasure to hand the conference back over to Mr. Quintin Lai, Vice President of Investor Relations for some closing comments or remarks. Sir?
Quintin Lai: Thanks, Brian, and thank you all -- everyone for joining us on today's conference call. An online archive of the broadcast will be available on our Web site in the Investor section. Additionally, you may access a telephone replay through Thursday May 3 by dialing the numbers and conference ID provided at today -- at the end of today's earnings release. This concludes today's call. Have a nice day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation on today's conference. This does conclude our program and we can all disconnect. Everybody have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-15 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Quintin Lai - VP, IR Eric Green - CEO Bill Federici - CFO
Analysts: Dave Windley - Jefferies Tim Evans - Wells Fargo Paul Knight - Janney Montgomery Scott Dana Flanders - Goldman Sachs Larry Solow - CJS Securities Derik De Bruin - Bank of America
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q4 2017 West Pharmaceutical Services Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to Quintin Lai, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Quintin Lai: Thank you, [indiscernible]. Good morning, and welcome to West's fourth quarter and full year 2017 conference call. We issued our financial results this morning and the release has been posted in the Investor section on the company's website located at www.westpharma.com. This morning CEO, Eric Green and CFO, Bill Federici, will review our results, give you an update on our business and provide a financial outlook for the full year 2018. There's a slide presentation that accompanies today's call and a copy of that presentation is available on the Investor's section of our website. On Slide 2 is the safe harbor statement. Statements made by management on this call and in the presentation contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of US federal securities law. These statements are based on management's beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. There are many factors that can influence the company's future results that are beyond the ability of the company to control or predict. Because of these known or unknown risks or uncertainties, actual results could differ materially from past results and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement. For a non-exclusive list of factors which could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, please refer to today's press release as well as any further disclosures the company makes regarding the risk to which it is subject in the company's 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports. In addition, during today's call, management will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures, including: sales in constant currency, adjusted operating profit, adjusted operating profit margin and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in this morning's earnings release. I now turn the call over to West's CEO and President Eric Green. Eric?
Eric Green: Great. Thank you, Quintin. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us this morning. As you've seen the press release issued this morning our Q4 performance returned to more typical growth patterns for our Biologics and Generics market units. While we saw a decline in our Pharma business this was balanced by very strong quarter from our contract manufacturing team. If we exclude impacts from the de-consolidation of operations in Venezuela and hurricane related shutdowns, we estimate that organic sales growth would have been 6% for the quarter. Fourth quarter 2017 was also impacted by a discrete tax charge related to the US tax reform legislation that reduced EPS by $0.64; excluding this impact, fourth quarter 2017 adjusted diluted EPS grew by 19%. As we turn to 2018, we expect to see another year of above market sales growth and operating profit margin expansion. The underlying markets we serve have been growing at 2% to 3% in unit growth. Our annual revenue growth rate has consistently outperformed the market. We continue to leverage the demand for our high-value products and contract manufacturing services. Along with the technical and scientific leadership that differentiates West and the industry. This remains our focus for growing our business organically. Let's now turn to the detail of our market unit performances for Q4 and the full year on Slide 4. As noted earlier, we saw a return to double-digit growth in our Biologics market unit in Q4. Biologic customers continue to demand West high-quality product offerings and our growth was led by the adoption of NovaPure products as well as Westar components. We are encouraged that West maintain participation on 100% of the Biologic new molecular entity FDA approvals in 2017. Both large and small biologics customers rely on West and our partner Daikyo for high-quality product and wrap around service offerings such as our regulatory and technical expertise to contain and deliver these exciting new molecules. While West participation in the Biologics market space is strong. Our experience shows that growth is not always linear and quarterly fluctuations occur. Customers often build up stock for launches and follow this with destocking periods, which we saw in 2017. Our commercial teams have been working with our customers to get a better understanding of their needs and timing, which in turn helps our demand planning. For example, we know that Biologics will have a tough comp in the first quarter of 2018. Meanwhile the full year trends continue to look positive and we'll see a meaningful ramp up in growth as the year progress. We expect to see full year 2018 growth in our biologics market unit of high single to double-digit growth. Our generics market unit had a good finish to the year. Posting high single digits growth in Q4. Full year 2017 sales were flat versus prior year due to previously discussed inventory destocking by several customers. You might also recall the software sales we've experienced in some markets last year due to customer regulatory issues. I'm pleased to say that we feel that most of these issues are behind us and we anticipate a return to a more sustained and consistent growth pattern in 2018. Generics customers continue to communicate their need for speed and simplicity and our AccelTRA program meets both of these needs. In addition to the high-quality that West is known for. This program was launched in 2017 and more than 80 customers were sampled over the course of the year. We now have customers testing for drug compatibility. With several of the largest generic companies moving forward with this unique product offering. We expect to see full year growth in our generics market unit return to mid-to-high single-digit growth rates in 2018. Following the very strong first half of 2017 for our pharma market unit. Sales in the back half of the year moderated. With Q4 sales below the prior year period. For the full year 2017 pharma organically grew mid-single digits which is in line with our expectations on a long-term basis. Looking to 2018, we expect our pharma unit to continue to grow faster than the underlying drug market it serves. With Q1 growth somewhat muted due to a tough comp from the deconsolidation of our former Venezuela operations. Bill will go into more detail in his discussion. And finally, our contract manufacturing business has impressive results throughout 2017 including Q4 where we saw double-digit growth. I'll come back to talk in detail about this market unit in a moment. But first I want to revisit our strategy around high-value product adoption which as I stated earlier is key to our long-term growth. On Slide 5, we show total sales for our proprietary products business over the past five years. In this timeframe we've seen our high-value products grow by 11% annually. In addition, we experienced 100 basis points of volume growth in 2017. The most important thing to take away from this slide is that there is still a great deal of room for us to continue to grow our best-in-class high-value products. With the demanded regulatory backdrop for the packaging and delivery of injectable medicines customers are seeking high-value products now more than ever across all market units. In 2017, we expanded SmartDose portfolio with the introduction of next generation devices. And had good success with the SelfDose Injector. In fact, SelfDose was awarded the Exhibitor Innovation Award at the Annual PharmaPack Meeting in Paris just last week. As we worked and improved adoption of high-value products, growth in this area will also come from volume and price and in the future new product launches. On Slide 6, we highlight three areas of R&D focus for 2018. Advancing our core, delivery devices and administration system products. Our innovation and technology team advanced our core offerings in 2017. While introduced into the market new products like the LyoSeal cap. West Rigid Needle Shields and the NovaGuard SA Pro safety system. All designed to broaden our product offerings in response to unmet customer needs. Together with our partners at Daikyo, we expect to introduce additional high-value products in 2018 that will directly meet our customers demand for high quality. In addition to expand our drug delivery business with the next generation of SmartDose platform and SelfDose we're also working to expand offerings within our drug administration and reconstitution business. With our helping double-digit growth in this product portfolio in 2017 especially in the United States. We expect to expand this offering into new geographic markets, invest in additional capacity for increased production and launch improved products in 2018 and beyond. Together the new products launched over the past five years in these focused areas contributed more than 100 basis points of organic sales growth in 2017 and expect this trend to continue in 2018. Let's turn back to the contract manufacturing side of our business now on Slide 7. Just as we're working to transition our business from standard to high-value product offerings in the proprietary segment in the contract manufacturing business. Our team has been on a journey to transition the focus of our business away from consumer products towards an increase in healthcare products. As you see on the slide, we've grown the healthcare business by 9% annually over the past five years. This growth has come primarily from our drug delivery and diagnostic customers. Resulting in five consecutive quarters of double-digit growth. While we have been growing the healthcare business, we have also been deemphasizing our consumer business. As you see in the chart consumer sales have decreased by 2% annually over the last five years. In late 2017, one of our longstanding consumer customers moved production in-house. As a result, we reduced a number of our consumer production lines and will use the resulting capacity to supply the increase in demand from our healthcare customers. Even with this impact, we expect our contract manufacturing business to grow mid-single digits in 2018. On Slide 8, we have highlighted some of the areas of expertise for which customers engage West. Our deep technical insight enables us to support a wide variety of complex products. We are unique and that we also have market leading expertise on the impact of elastomers within the drug delivery devices. Our plant in Dublin, Ireland is a great example of this focus on strategic alignment. We nearly doubled the manufacturing space of our facility in December 2016 to meet increase in demand. The expansion has been operational for one year and is already profitable. The core offering in Dublin includes manufacturing expertise and continuous glucose monitoring devices and is a nice complement to the new insulin sheeting production at our Waterford, Ireland plant which will be initiate commercial operations later this year. Before I turn things over to Bill. I want to spend some time discussing the strong progress we have made in global operations. On Slide 9, we're highlighting some of the teams accomplishments in the first year operating under our unified global operations and supply chain strategy. With 28 sites the team's drive better service to customers. Improve levels of quality and a safer working environment for our team members. In 2017, the team worked through reduced lead times by more than 40% leading to better service for our customers. We continue to improve upon this important metric and plan to reduce times even further in 2018. In addition, we're seeing better quality results, delivering less than 80 out-of-spec parts per billion. In line with our commitment to delivering the highest quality in the industry. We have also accelerated process excellent improvements across the global plant network. So we can deliver value back to our customers and run operations more efficiently. In conjunction with the ongoing global operations strategy, our Board of Directors has approved a restricting program that will streamline the plant network and enable us to make investments to drive growth in high-value proprietary products and healthcare related contract manufacturing business and expand margin. These changes together with executing the commercial and R&D strategies will ensure our business continues to grow within 6% to 8% long-term organic sales growth range. Now I'll turn over to our CFO, Bill Federici who will provide more color on our financial performance and to provide details on our long-term outlook. Bill?
Bill Federici: Thank you Eric and good morning, everyone. We issued our fourth quarter results this morning. Our Q4 results include the effects of US tax reform which resulted in a discrete charge to reflect the Repatriation Tax on unremitted offshore earnings and the reduction of our US deferred tax assets. Excluding the effects of special items from both this quarter and the prior year. Fourth quarter 2017 earnings were $0.64 per diluted share versus $0.54 we earned in Q4, 2016. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures is provided on Slide 16 through 20. Turning to sales, Slide 11 shows the components of our consolidated sales increase. All references to sales announcement to constant currency. Consolidated fourth quarter sales were $415.6 million, an increase of 4.5% over fourth quarter 2016 sales. Proprietary product sales were $306.4 million, a 1.4% increase over same quarter 2016. Sales price increases and the volume mix increase contributed equally to the Q4 sales growth. High-value product sales increased 5.1% versus the prior year quarter. For the full year 2017 high-value product sales increased approximately 4% versus 2016. Our Biologics segment sales increased by double-digit and our generics market unit saw high single-digit growth. But our pharma market unit sales decline low single-digit in the quarter. Combined CZ and SmartDose sales and development activity were $40 million for the full year 2017, a 47% increases versus the prior year 2016. Contract manufactured product sales were $109.2 million, a 14% increase over sales in the prior year quarter as customers ramped up activity in our recently expanded government contract facility. As provided on Slide 12, our Q4, 2017 consolidated gross profit margin was 30.9% versus 32.3% margin we achieved in the fourth quarter, 2016. Proprietary products fourth quarter gross margin of 34.8% is 2.1 margin points lower than the 36.9% achieved in the fourth quarter of 2016. The mid-single-digit growth of high-value products sold, modest sales price increases and continued lead savings and planned efficiencies were more than offset by the impact of higher labor, material and overhead costs including under observed overheads in our newer facilities like Waterford, Kinston and Scottsdale which created headwinds for our margin. Contract Manufacturing Product fourth quarter gross margin of 20.1% was 2.5 margin points higher than the prior year quarter due to a favorable sales mix, lean and planned efficiencies and the ramp up of activity in our newly expanded Dublin facility. As reflected on Slide 13, Q4, 2017 consolidated SG&A expense decreased by $2 million compared to the prior year quarter. The decrease is due primarily to lower pension expense, lower achievement levels on incentive comp programs offset by staffing and salary increases. As a percentage of sales Q4, 2017 SG&A expense was 1.7 percentage points less than the prior year period. Slide 14 shows our key cash flow metrics. Our operating cash flow was $263 million for the full year 2017, $44 million more than 2016 due primarily to our improved operating results. Capital additions of roughly $130 million were made in 2017 roughly 60% of the capital spend was our new products and expansion efforts including approximately $26 million in our Waterford manufacturing facility. We expect capital additions of approximately $150 million in 2018. Slide 14 also provides some summary balance sheet information. Our balance sheet continues to be strong and we're confident that our business will provide necessary future liquidity. Our cash balance at year end was $236 million, $33 million higher than our December 2016 balance. Roughly 60% of that cash is invested overseas. The US tax reform bill signed into law late last year mandated a deemed repatriation tax on undistributed foreign earnings and a reduction of our deferred tax assets based on reduced federal income tax rate. A discrete tax charge of approximately $49 million is included in our Q4, 2017 GAAP results. Debt at year end was $197 million, $32 million less than at the prior year end due to the repayment of our headquarters term loan. As of yearend, our cash balance exceeds our debt balance and as such we're delevered on a net debt to total invested capital basis. Working capital totaled $464 million at year end, $63 million higher than at the prior year end. Customers continue to push extended payment terms which puts pressure on our working capital. We continue to work with our customers and suppliers as well as our internal inventory levels to manage our working capital investments. We've issued our full year 2018 guidance in this morning's release. As guidance is summarized on Slide 15, our guidance is based on an exchange rate of $1.20 per Euro. Our actual 2017 results were translated at $1.13 per Euro rate. More than half our revenues at generating outside US. US Dollar has weakened versus a number of international currencies most notably the Euro. If this trend holds, currency translation will be a tailwind to earnings in 2018. As a reminder every $0.01 change in the Euro-Dollar exchange rate has approximately $0.01 annual EPS effect. We expect our effective tax rate will decrease by roughly 3 to 4 percentage points as a result in the new US tax legislation. We expect our 2018 effective tax rate will be approximately 26% excluding the effects of excess tax benefits from option exercises. Our tax rate is highly dependent on the geographic mix of earnings which in large effect is driven by the sales of high-value products. Our 2018 guidance includes, a $0.02 EPS benefit resulting from our board approved 800,000 share repurchase program. In Q1, 2017 we recorded $0.21 of excess tax benefit from option exercises. Whereas we expect Q1, 2018 benefit from option exercises to be about $0.04 to $0.06. We expect our 2018 results will continue to be adversely impacted by customer inventory management and under absorption of overheads in certain of our newest facilities. In Q2, 2017 we deconsolidated our Venezuelan subsidiary which will create sales and earnings headwinds for Q1. In addition, 2018 will be adversely impacted by one large consumer contract manufactured product that the customer opted to bring in-house. Additionally, the under absorption of overheads from newer facilities is expected to increase by approximately $3 million in Q1 versus the prior year quarter. The combined impact of these items represent an $0.11 tailwind for Q1, 2018. We expect our Q1, 2018 growth mix and operational efficiencies will offset all of these items other than the reduction in the year-over-year stock comp tax benefit. We do not expect any 2018 income from the technology license that occurred in Q3, 2017. During the first half of 2017, our pharma market unit had above average growth and throughout 2017 our contract manufactured market unit grew well in excess of our norms. Setting up tight comps for both of these market units. With growth accelerating throughout 2018 in our generics and biologics market units, we expect a stronger second half of 2018 compared to the first half. All of these items have been considered in our 2018 guidance. We expect to deliver on our full year 2018 earnings guidance of $2.80 to $2.90 per diluted share. Excluding the tax benefit from stock-based comp, this represents an increase of between 14% and 18% in diluted EPS over 2017. Our guidance excludes the restructuring charge of $8 million to $13 million or the expected fully completed annualized savings of $17 million to $22 million outlined in this morning's release. I now like to turn the call back over to Eric Green. Eric?
Eric Green: Thank you Bill. In conclusion we're making progress in executing our long-term market lead strategy. Our commercial team has developed an even greater understanding of the underlying market dynamics of our industry and is delivering tailored product and service offerings that meet the unique needs of our discrete customer groups. Our global operations team is driving improved quality, safety and service to our customers and is working to streamline our manufacturing network to make room for investments that will fuel future growth. In our innovation and technology team is building a strong pipeline of integrated containment and delivery products to meet customer needs. We look forward to another year of above market growth and remain committed to our long-term outlook for West. Operator, we're ready to take questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] our first question is from Dave Windley with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Dave Windley: I think they called on me. At least on my end of the line just FYI. And Eric your concluding remarks there the audio went pretty choppy. I'll start.
Eric Green: Sorry.
Dave Windley: It sounds like the old Blackberry interference type stuff. So anyway, I wanted to start with questions around the sales performance by market unit by customer unit and just a clarifying question first, that I guess as I think about the relative size of the units. I'm having a little bit of hard time understanding how double-digit biologics, high single-digit generics and then offset by low single-digit pharma nets to only 1.4% growth, is there something that I'm not taking into account and thinking about those net together.
Bill Federici: Hi Dave, it's Bill. I think you're thinking about it correctly. You have to remember that the size of those business units are slightly different and the growth is relatively as you said double-digit for the biologics and high single for generics. The pharma business which is the largest of those business was actually low single-digit decline. So when you add all of those things together you get to your 1.4% in proprietary. Now if you remember then the issue that are effecting those as Eric said on the call. There were some inventory destocking that was going by customers. There was a product that was pulled from the market by the customer, so there are some special items that are impacting that and when you take those in the Venezuela impact on our proprietary organization the Q4 growth rate for proprietary products will be somewhere in the 5% and 5.5% range.
Quintin Lai: Dave, I think we may be losing you here. Operator, let's go to the next caller. Dave, if you can just come back in the queue and maybe the line will clear up for you.
Operator: Our next question is from Tim Evans with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Tim Evans: Bill, can you just for everyone walk through what exactly happened in Venezuela? Why did you have to deconsolidate this facility? Is it something where the volume moves somewhere else or is it something where you just don't get the volume anymore? And then lastly, exactly how much revenue did it do in Q4, 2016 and how much did it do in Q1, 2017 so we can understand the comp?
Bill Federici: Okay, great. So Venezuela as you know has been suffering from very, very high inflation and a lack of ability in that country of getting cash out of the country. So many, many of the companies that serve in Venezuela have deconsolidated their subsidiaries. We hung on as long as we could, we hung on through all of 2016 when a lot of companies have bailed and through the first quarter, but at that point in time we had - been almost a year since we had received any cash payments out of the country and we deemed that point in time that our asset, our ability to control our subsidiary was no longer there. So under GAAP rules we are required to deconsolidate, what that means, is that we took a charge it was a deconsolidation charge of about $11 million relative to our Venezuelan subsidiary and we no longer from that point forward have any income or expense associated with that. We're serving those customers, many of them anyway from other parts of our South American operations. So we've not lost customers other than customers who have gone out of business or have diverted elsewhere. Some of these customers that asked us to sell through Brazil and others of our South American operations. So we have not lost the business per se. In terms of the actual financial results in the fourth quarter of 2017 versus the fourth quarter of 2016 the sales differential was $3.5 million less in 2017, Q4 than 2016, Q4. In Q1, 2017 we had $9.1 million of sales in Venezuela that we will have none in 2018's first quarter.
Tim Evans: So I guess this is where the confusion comes in, right. So if you had $9 million of sales in Q1, 2017 and some of that business is effectively been moved to other sites in South America, why is it zero in Q1, 2018?
Bill Federici: It's a demand issue. So when you have - we've been selling them. We had stocked up a lot of inventory through that time period and we have been - customers are ordering a whole lot in that area and we are serving them with the existing inventory on the ground. We don't have - there's been some of that $9 million has been will be made up in Q1, but not a tremendous amount.
Tim Evans: And this is standard products that go mostly to large pharma customers?
Bill Federici: Standard products that go to large pharma customers. Yes.
Tim Evans: Okay, you usually call out committed orders for the proprietary I didn't hear that. Did I miss it or?
Bill Federici: No, it's $377 million which is roughly 1% on a currency mutual basis higher than the same period in 2016.
Tim Evans: Okay, lastly. Can you walk through the dynamics of Q1 EPS? I think you said there was going to be $0.11 year-over-year headwind. But then you said you'd offset all of it except for the stock comp accounting. What does that net do?
Bill Federici: Okay, so when you think about let's take them into two pieces. So the stock comp will go first. The stock compensation expense in Q1, 2017 was $0.21. We are projecting for two reasons a lot smaller number in 2018. The first reason is that, now that the tax rate is 21%, not 35%. The actual benefit you'll derive from stock - we as a company will derive from those stock option exercises will be about a third less. Secondly, we had a number in 2017 of our - of large option exercises deep in the money options that have either because they're getting ready to expire, so a lot of those have already gone through the system. So we expect a smaller pool of, we have a smaller pool of option benefits to be earned over the next several years. So our estimate is only $0.04 to $0.06 for option - the tax benefit from our production [ph] sizes in Q1, 2018. So take that and put that aside. Okay.
Tim Evans: Yes.
Bill Federici: Because that is the first decline. The second one is, when you look at the Venezuela impact, the impact of that consumer product customer and some of these under absorbed overheads that we talked about and their impact Q1, 2018 versus Q1, 2017 will be about $0.11. We fully expect that our growth in operations, our favorable mix from generics and the biologics space coming back. And our operational efficiencies will help us offset the $0.11, but that net delta between the $0.21 of excess tax benefits versus the $0.04 to $0.06 we believe will happen in the first quarter of 2018 we do not believe that we will be able to overcome that.
Tim Evans: So just to be very clear about $0.15 to $0.17 lower than Q1, 2018.
Bill Federici: Correct.
Tim Evans: Okay, that's good. All right turn it over to others. Thanks.
Quintin Lai: Operator, can we go back to Dave? If he's back on the line.
Operator: Yes. Our next question is from Dave Windley with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Dave Windley: I call back you on my cell phone, so look - I'll get your answer to the first question off the transcript, but I wanted to continue to clarify a couple of things. So you guys said 100 basis points. I think Eric talked about 100 basis points of volume growth in high-value products in 2017. Should I think about that in the frame work of the like 83% standard, 17% high-value that shift in mix is continuing at 100 basis points? Is that what that means?
Eric Green: That's correct. It's 100 basis point shift from standard to high-value products on a per unit basis. That's correct.
Dave Windley: Yes and so, am I because I'm thinking about with the inventory destocking some of the tougher year-over-year comps etc., that the high-value product and a kind of an isolation high vale product growth was relatively low, by comparison to prior years. I guess I would have thought that I certainly want to see that mix shift continue, but I would have thought 2017 would have been a little bit of weak year on that front.
Eric Green: Yes, absolutely so when you look at the volume component, we had - when you take a look at the volume component of the standard of about 83% back in 2016 that was about 100% impact going into for high-value products for this particular year, 2017. There is a shift between the different market units which would drive some of that behavior. So to give you [technical difficulty] biologics customers they tend to be the higher quality materials all NovaPure offering, but much smaller units and that particular part of the [indiscernible].
Dave Windley: Okay, that's helpful. And then maybe continuing with that as you mentioned NovaPure, I think Westar was another one. You highlighted a couple quarters ago I believe that one of your large - a large biopharma customer with a fairly substantial injectable product portfolio had made the decision to transition the high-value products over a period of time understanding that's multi-year effort. But I guess I'm curious on maybe high level update as to how that - what the cadence of that transition will be roughly and is it right to think that, having the customer make a big decision like that would accelerate that 100 basis points shift a year, that you could actually see that being a little bit higher for a period of time while that's happening.
Eric Green: That's a good point. So we're on track with that particular customer, which we won't name. But it is approximately a little over two-year process doing the transition completely. A little bit less volume in year one and you've seen year two, so this should be more in acceleration. It requires our customer be onsite to do [indiscernible] validation and also their documentation. So we're well on track. We're seeing the conversion occurring and we're quite pleased by this particular conversion. We do think this will help us with our discussions with other customers to transition from standard to high-value products with their existing portfolio of other large pharmas. So we're on track. There could be a potential uptick as we talk about number of units moving from standard to high-value products as we look into 2018 and little beyond that due to the step of transition.
Dave Windley: Okay and last one and I'll drop. Bill you emphasized that you're now basically in a net cash position small. What are the major thoughts about levels of debt that you're comfortable kind of based on recent pattern that you seem zero, net debt. But I guess I'm wondering particularly is there an opportunity to be a little bit more aggressive and opportunistic on the share repurchase side of things. Now that you're in a position where CapEx is trended on the low end of your range or your P&L is growing, you're going to generate more cash flow and you don't have a lot of debt.
Eric Green: I'll start talking little bit about the use of cash because that's a very good comment in regards to - our number focus is around investing in the organic growth and you're absolutely correct, when you sort of - when you look at CapEx spend in 2017 is roughly around $130 million in prior year, so it's - was north of that. And kind of seeing there results to we do have a couple of facilities that are state-of-the-art customers are excited transfer projects into those sites, but they're underutilized at this point and so we believe, we'll continue to invest in organic growth, but because of our global operations approach that they're taking with more of network approach we feel comfortable that. We're looking at below the 150 that we've mentioned. The second area that is we're starting to put more emphasis around is, now that the team's aligned around our innovation, technology group. You'll see while the number is still as a percent of sales below 3% we're trying to continue to invest in that area in double-digit growth. We're very encouraged with the pipeline and the type of payout that's happening in the next three to five years. One last comment, we will continue to look at both on technologies and tuck-in type of acquisitions that we really broaden our portfolio to really drive the vision of integrated containment and delivery devices for injectable medicines. We don't have 100% complete portfolio as you know and we're working on ways to leverage innovation or through bolt-on opportunities to bring that in the fold. I'll let Bill talk real quickly about the debt and how we use cash also around share buyback and dividends.
Bill Federici: Eric is absolutely right. The other two items in the mix there are, we do pay dividends, Dave as you know it's you know in the 40 million-ish range now on an annual basis and we're just 800,000 share buyback for the year 2018 that we hope for effect. In terms of debt and our thoughts about debt. Yes, you're right we're de-levered but we're not adverse to debt if there were strategic opportunities that were out there from a bolt-on perspective as Eric mentioned or if we see opportunities to invest elsewhere in our network. We certainly will do that and as I said, we're not debt adverse. We just happen to be in a delevered state right now.
Dave Windley: Okay, thank you. I'll drop out.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Knight with Janney. Your line is now open.
Paul Knight: So I guess can we say that now Puerto Rico is behind us, de-stocking is behind us. Is that done and taken care of so to speak?
Eric Green: Yes, Paul it's a good question. Puerto Rico is behind us. And I would just real quick comment about Puerto Rico, our site is operating and our customers on the island of Puerto Rico we're importing at this point. So we believe that is truly behind us. In fact, we will continue to invest in our Puerto Rico site because it's actually one of our top producing sites per performance. In regards to de-stocking, I'm really pleased on how we've been able to come out of the situation with the generics side and as you know, there was customer inventory builds, they were de-stocking. We do see normalized levels. We have visibility. We're pretty comfortable there. Biologics we will see a little bit up and down fluctuations based on product launches. When they're about to launch new molecule they'll come to us and we'll help them, build inventory. But the positive part there is, you know Paul very well is that the pipeline of molecules tend to be more biologics, so we should see that to be very healthy for us. So I would say there's less de-stocking type activities. We do hear one last thing Paul I add. This 40% reduction on lead times, is significant. And our customers have noted it, they've been very pleased. And now are head of operations, where the commercial heads have announced to customers and they continue to talk about how do they reduce their own safety stock to drive working capital improvements at their own facilities. So we'll have some oscillations as we go for next few quarters, but it's a very good reason why that's happening and I think for long-term we're in a very good position.
Paul Knight: Okay and then can you give us an update on Crystal Zenith. What's the customer involvement there etc.?
Eric Green: Yes as far as the number of - the interest level remains strong. We have various projects that are in either in Phase 1, 2 or 3. We have several that are really in the development early on discovery phase at this point. So the interest level remains strong. I'll tell you though, it really is a focused niche area that we have been going after because it won't display, it's all glass. So we're pleased especially in the biologics space we're actually seeing some of our pharma customers exploring because the size, the variability that we can provide in larger scale and so that is our option that we have at this point in time.
Paul Knight: And then last Bill, could you give us a little color on where Q1 growth and up margins are going year-over-year?
Bill Federici: We expect for the full year that we will be able to increase margins. We will have those headwinds as we suggested Paul and I lined out all of those things. So we should be able to offset as I mentioned the Venezuela impact, the impact from that consumer customer and our overhead under absorption issues with mix growth and operational efficiencies. So we feel very, very comfortable that on - for the full year that we'll be expanding margins. The first quarter because of the headwinds that we faced, that we were talking through happens to be very, very pronounced so again we feel comfortable with the full year outlook. The first quarter will be continue to be margin will continue to be soft.
Paul Knight: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Dana Flanders with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Dana Flanders: My first one here and apologies if I missed it. Did you guys give just the high-value product organic growth this quarter? And then as we look at 2018 I know 2016 you guys were lapping some tough comps, should we expect that to accelerate as we head into 2018.
Bill Federici: Yes so I'll answer first question, first. For the fourth quarter our highlighted product growth was right around 5%, as I mentioned in the script. And for 2018, we mentioned that we'll see high-value products accelerating in the back half of the year as biologics and generics come back. So we believe that we will have more normal growth in our high-value products for the year, we expect high singles to low doubles.
Dana Flanders: Okay, great. And then just my second one quickly here. I know you announced modest restructuring program not included in EPS guidance. How should we think about just the magnitude of savings over the course of 2018, is that more 2019 weighted?
Bill Federici: Yes, absolutely. So and Dana thank you for the question. In a regulated environment that we operate in, it is very, very difficult to move product around the network. There is validation protocols with the customer etc. So these things take a long time. Historically that's why we talk in the 12 to 24 months category for when we expect to see those savings. We will see my guess and you know the way it works, is you can only take the charge and you get the savings then once those activities are actually exited which we believe will start to happen towards the back half of 2018. So the savings they maybe a little bit in the back half of 2018, but certainly not a substantial amount and most of that will come through in 2019 and beyond. It will be an annual effect.
Dana Flanders: Okay, great. That was it from me. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Larry Solow with CJS Securities. Your line is now open.
Larry Solow: Most of my questions have been answered, just a few clarifications. So on just to take you back on net savings. It sounds like you're not building although you may get a little bit in the back half on Q4. You're not building it anything in your actual guidance for 2018, right?
Bill Federici: Right.
Larry Solow: Okay and then the total of $0.15 to $0.20 or so it looks like that the math. And that sounds like we'll get that full impact, some of it 19, but annualized we'll probably get that full impact by 2020.
Bill Federici: Yes, absolutely.
Larry Solow: Great and on the improved capacity, 40% reduction lead times. Obviously a little - success on the backlog side. Backlog sort of flat. Going forward should we, is backlog no longer as good of an indicator as it was maybe a couple years ago before you sort of had this surge of supply orders. How should we view that now that I looks like your capacity is or your improved capacity is somewhat normalized?
Eric Green: Larry it's a good question because of the lead times have been reduced significantly. I mean talking matter of each nine, ten weeks in some cases reduction. Our customers are actually not ordering as much in advance. So if I take a look at giving example. If you take a look at end of January. The growth of the backlog for Q1 delivery again just to be clear though. The backlog isn't the entire growth of the business to sub-segment is up about 10%. So there's a good indicator from a short-term period and that's where the shift will occur. We're not going to have larger backlogs going forward because of the fact their lead times are significantly less than the constant level from our customers that we can deliver consistently as we said we would is a very high percentage at this point in time. So we got to be little bit careful looking at what we looked at three, four, five years of backlog is a true way to get at this point of time.
Larry Solow: Right. Okay so it sounds it might be little, what period of shakeout until we could sort of better analyze that number, if you will but it sounds like your read outside the backlog sounds consistent and remains positive. Okay, great. Just switching gears little bit. Obviously high-value products little bit volatility during the quarter-to-quarter but all in it sounds like, you finished the year pretty good. Did you just - pharma obviously down, I think a little bit more than expected maybe in this quarter? Did you give an outlook for 2018? And quote the outlook on biologics and generics, but I didn't quite hear the pharma one and maybe that skewed by that as well - more to.
Eric Green: Yes, Larry it's a little bit, what you just commented. Let me put it into - look at pharma and the issue that we had in Q4. Some of these are predictable, some are not predictable and/or forecastable [ph] with our customers. The one was we had a decline, with one of our clients in - drug molecules taken off in the European market which had an impact on one of our containment closures. And we also saw in this particular area what we call tooling, so we do a lot of work with our customers and we provide tooling in our pharma business and the demand was quite noticeable difference between Q4 of 2016 versus 2017 which - it's quite a large number. We had Venezuela on top of that. I know Bill mentioned earlier when you bring these elements back, plus the Venezuela to our base we're roughly on little over 5% growth in that pharma business. So that was - the impact was in Q4. It wasn't clearly visible to us at the time we were talking with you in October unfortunately we continue to work on the visibility and the transparency to our investment community in regards to the future demands.
Larry Solow: Okay, great and then on the gross margin. On quarter little bit less than expected, you offset by lower SG&A and realized it's explainable again little bit over your - success on the new capacity coming online and under absorption. It sounds like you expect to improve upon that in 2018, but still have some drag from under absorption, is that fair to say?
Eric Green: That is absolutely right way to say it, Larry.
Larry Solow: Okay and I guess sort of hard to time, but I guess as you continue to grow and overtime hopefully that will switch to.
Bill Federici: Absolutely and you know having excess capacity while it's a drag now is a good thing as you go into the future in a growing business where you can satisfy that demand for highest quality products in these plants that are specifically designed to give our customers the highest value of products that we can offer.
Larry Solow: Excellent and then on the in sourcing of the plastics contract. It sounds like that business obviously has become quite sort of non-core going forward and less of a focus. This one contract it looks like little over $20 million, $23 million, $24 million. Is that a lower margin contract? And is this something that you expect additional contracts that come off overtime. I realize this is getting small as a whole, but any color on that.
Eric Green: Yes, Larry I mean obviously we want to bill, service all of our customers. In this particular case, our client we've been working with for a long, long period of time [indiscernible] in sourcing. So it having impact in our consumer part of the business. But it's an area to be - we de-emphasize this area strategically as we put investments in place. But you're correct when you said it is a lower margin business. The consumer business going forward without this, the one we're talking about is roughly around $60 million and it will be declining slightly as you've seen over the last five years. So that's your magnitude of that business as of today. Just to remind you, as well 50% of the business was consumer will be acquired tech group about 10 years ago. So this has been a shift especially over the last several years.
Larry Solow: Okay, great. Thank you very much guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Derik De Bruin with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Derik De Bruin: Sorry, I'm traveling and jumped on late. So my apologies if you hit this, but just to sort of follow-up on the last question. So what's the outlook for the gross margin for the different segments for 2018? Just trying to think about how the dynamics work, given all the moving pieces.
Bill Federici: Thanks Derik for your question. On the contract manufacturing side we'll continue to see margins benefiting from the move away from consumer and towards more of our device and diagnostic businesses in pharma, so that will continue to be and operational efficiencies. Longer term we still feel very, very comfortable with the overall ability to grow organically and expand margins as Eric mentioned in this comment Derik. That will be for 2018 we talked about the headwinds that are impacting us in Q1, 2018 and that the fact that, both biologics and generics are building as the year goes, so as you know we will get to we believe for the full year high-value product growth in the high single to low doubles in the back half of the year, but in the front half that will be a, will continue to be challenged. So margins in the first quarter will continue to be challenged.
Derik De Bruin: Okay and I guess just from a - just some question and my apologies you already answered these. I guess how does the FX impact of the top line for the full year and what's that gain on the margin level just from FX and I know there are some changes in pension accounting rules. I'm [indiscernible] M&A effect on the margin as well.
Bill Federici: Yes that will have an effect on the margin as well. It's a good point, the pension accounting change. For us in the - you're talking about low to mid-single millions of dollars, so it's not like it's a violent change, but it is a change and it's strictly an accounting change, you're just reclassing [ph] from one area of the P&L to another. But it does have an impact on the margin. On the - I'm sorry what was the first?
Derik De Bruin: FX.
Bill Federici: So as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the FX we are - we've budgeted the guidance we have prepared is at $1.20 per Euro. Last year's full year effect was $1.13 per Euro Derik and that's each one $0.01 is roughly a million, it's a little over, over $0.01 of EPS. So little bit more than that. So you're talking about going from that $0.07 between $0.05 and $0.07 where is the range what you should expect from FX. If it were to hold, at a $1.20 for the whole year, which we know it won't but that's kind of the stake in the ground, you have to put.
Derik De Bruin: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our last question is from Dave Windley. Your line is now open.
Dave Windley: I'm coming back for three. A couple more clarification, so am I right in thinking that after the third quarter or through the third quarter your year-over-year pattern in high-value product orders was negative that because of the reduction in wait times that you would actually see a negative year-over-year pattern and then, at the end of December you're back to kind of 1% improvement in that pattern such that the fourth quarter itself would represent quite a strong catch up. Am I thinking about that correctly?
Bill Federici: The general commentary is correct. We expect over an average year Dave as you know the construct says that, we expect about 100 basis points of margin expansion due to mix shift, a little bit of price and the operational efficiencies and volume obviously. So we see that over long periods of time we're impacted as we know in the individual quarters by the inventory de-stocking and the building. We talked about the first half of 2018 being more severely impacted by things like Venezuela than the back half. We also talked about the fact that biologics and generics as they come back to more normal order patterns it's going to be towards the back half, the back half of the year. So yes you're - what we're counting on and we're guiding to is a high single to low double-digit growth in high-value products for the year, but that will be challenged in the first part of the year.
Dave Windley: Okay, next follow-up is. Coming out of 2016 we had what 22 drug approvals of which maybe 25% of those five, six something like that were injectable. 2017 we had 46 approvals of which significantly more maybe 10, 11, 12 were injectables or more maybe it was even 20. So significant improvement in overall approvals and a commensurate increase in injectables that you care about. You already talked about how you had a 100% coverage of biologic approvals. What's the cadence? What's the timing with regard to when approvals then drive? Order patterns and revenue uptick for you in injectable products and should we be thinking about that being a big driver of your ramp up in 2018.
Eric Green: Yes, so there's two areas that we look at, one is, there is a ramp up. Where they get approval and launch into the market place. So it's roughly about a year lead time you get into the marketplace, into the distribution channel. The second thing just to be aware - we're seeing while there's a tremendous increase in number of molecules going through the approval process more recently, we have seen in some cases smaller volumes per drug molecule. In some therapies there have been launch recently which are very exciting obviously and very effective for patient, but the volume is they're just quite small. So we have to balance it. It's not the ratio is not 1:1 with every molecule it does very - biologics tends to be smaller volumes, while the obviously the generics and pharma is larger.
Dave Windley: Okay and then final question. On the restructuring I just want to make sure I understand because you got both a restructuring charge, you got CapEx that you were going to spend for that and then a savings amount that you expect to get. Just operationally are we talking about having identified a facility that you're able to completely take offline and exit and shutdown and then in order to do that, you got to do some build out and some other places to absorb that productive volume, that productive capacity before you can do that? Is that in fact what you're executing?
Bill Federici: Yes, so the idea is exactly what you said to move certain of our products for certain customers into consolidate into some locations. A couple of those locations will actually close, but it will take some time to do that as you can imagine with regulated products, there will be some capital needed. We mentioned in the release $9 million to $14 million that's a very modest amount that we believe will happen over the course of 2018 and 2019 and then as we migrate those products over and those customers over, then we will have the opportunity to exit those facilities and those activities. So as you know it's - because of the regulated nature it takes a little bit of time to do these things that why we've estimated 12 to 24 months. So we don't expect a whole lot of savings in 2018, a little bit at the back and through 2019.
Dave Windley: And is the recipient of this volume, are you able to come - is this part of moving the volume into kind of centers of excellence and kind of more call it super regional hubs like a Waterford or someplace like that?
Eric Green: Yes, so what we're doing through aligning towards our global operations strategy that we outlined last year where we basically consolidated centers of excellence. So you're actually correct, we're pooling the resource and the technologies and capabilities into more discreet locations. This gives us an opportunity to run more efficiently. So it's really moving towards more strategic sites and as you know we have 28 today on [indiscernible] so we do have some opportunities.
Dave Windley: Okay, thanks.
Operator: And we're showing no further questions.
Quintin Lai: Thank you for joining us on today's conference call. An online archive of the broadcast will be available on our website at www.westpharma.com in the investors section. Additionally, you may access a telephone replay through Thursday, February 22, by dialing the numbers and conference ID provided at the end of today's earnings release. We will be presenting at any Investor Conference in New York next Wednesday and as always that webcast is available on our website as well. Thank you and have a nice day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Quintin Lai - VP, IR Eric Green - CEO Bill Federici - CFO
Analysts: Jared Meggison - Jefferies  Larry Solow - CJS Securities William March - Janney Montgomery Robert Amparo - Wells Fargo Derik De Bruin - Bank of America
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2017 West Pharmaceutical Services Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, todays program is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays program, Quintin Lai, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Quintin Lai: Thanks, Jonathan. Good morning, and welcome to Wests third quarter 2017 conference call. We issued our financial results this morning and the release has been posted in the Investor section on the companys website located at www.westpharma.com. This morning, CEO, Eric Green; and CFO, Bill Federici, will review our results, provide an update on our business and financial outlook for the full year 2017, a preliminary look at 2018 sales guidance and our long-term financial construct. There is a slide presentation that accompanies todays conference call, and a copy of that presentation is also available on the Investor section of our website. On Slide 2 is the safe harbor statement. Statements made by management on this call and in the presentation contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. federal securities law. These statements are based on managements beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. There are many factors that can influence the companys future results that are beyond the ability of the company to control or predict. Because of these known or unknown risks or uncertainties, actual results could differ materially from past results and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement. For a non-exclusive list of factors which could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, please refer to todays press release as well as any further disclosures by the company regarding the risk to which it is subject in the companys 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports. In addition, during todays call, management will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures, including: sales in constant currency, organic sales, adjusted operating profit, adjusted operating profit margin and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in this mornings earnings release. I now turn the call over to Wests CEO and President Eric Green.
Eric Green: Thank you, Quinitn, and good morning to everyone. Our team had a solid performance during the third quarter, which was in line with our expectations and consistent to prior quarter performance. Importantly, we saw an improved to positive growth in our Generics market unit and continued strength in our Contract Manufacturing business. We believe we are on track to finish 2017 with strong organic growth led by high-value products sales in the Biologics and Generics market units. I want to start this quarterly review by addressing the impact from the hurricanes during Q3. Our highest priority is always the safety of our employees, and Im pleased to report that all our employees and their families made it through the storms unharmed. Our team did an excellent job of pre-storm preparations and post-storm cleanups and restarts.  Puerto Rico continues to be a challenge. Damage to the regional infrastructure is extensive, and is affecting our employees and customers on the island. Our facility saw minimal damage and we are now partially operational due to the use of backup on-site generators. Im proud of our employees on how they rose to meet the challenges of these storms, and we at West are committed to helping them with ongoing relief efforts. In the third quarter, we estimate that the weather shutdowns caused a negative sales impact of $2 million, over half to Biologic customers located on the island and the balance to Contract Manufacturing customers. In the fourth quarter, we could see another $5 million of sales impact, mostly due to delays in shipments to biologic customers in Puerto Rico. This risk is reflected in our revised 2017 guidance. Bill Federici will go over the Q3 financial details in a few minutes. So lets move to Slide 4 for a discussion on the trends we saw in our specific market units and businesses. We generated 4% organic sales growth in the quarter and remain on track to generate approximately 6% for the full year 2017. Contract Manufacturing had another double-digit organic sales growth quarter. Our enhanced focus on serving customers in the drug delivery and diagnostics market is yielding strong performance, and we are encouraged with the expanding pipeline of new projects that is offsetting slower growth from our consumer products customers. We expect some moderation as we anniversary a strong Q4 from last year, and we expect to generate high single-digit growth for the full year. In our Pharma market unit, we had a slowdown from a few large customers after a strong first half of the year. We remain on track for a full-year organic sales performance, mid-single-digits. In Biologics, we had a low single-digit sales growth. If we add back delayed sales from the hurricane, growth would have been mid-single-digits and in line with our expectations. We remain on track for double-digit growth in Q4 and high single-digits for the full year. And finally, Im pleased to report that Generics returned to organic sales growth in the third quarter. We are seeing more typical demand trends from our larger customers as our inventory management has stabilized. The Generics unit is on track to deliver double-digit sales growth in Q4, and we expect the full year to be flat compared to the prior-year. Turning to Slide 5. We often talk about our high-value component strategy that encourages our customers to move up the quality chain from standard packaging components to higher value offerings. Such as Westar RS, RU, Envision and NovaPure. This mix shift has been fueling our organic sales growth and we expect it to continue to drive growth in margin expansion for the foreseeable future. On this slide, we highlight new products that have been featured in recent press releases and will be featured at upcoming trade shows. Our industry is known for long customer adoption curves, and that is why we constantly strive to build a diverse portfolio of innovative products that will fuel our future growth. In Q3, we had another strong quarter for recently launched Envision and NovaPure components. These offerings address the highest quality requirements in the industry, and we are expanding our high-value product portfolio with the new elastomer portfolio offering called AccelTRA. AccelTRA packaging component helps Generics manufacturers meet increasing quality standards, ensure fast response to market volatility and move their product to market quickly. We are pleased with the initial reception to AccelTRA, more than 30 customers have requested samples and a number of these have started formal stability trials. This slide also mentions the Westar ID Adapter. We have a growing portfolio of administration devices used in hospital, healthcare and home settings. The ID Adapter is used by healthcare providers to enable successful intradermal injections. We recently highlighted a WHO study that used the ID Adapter in a trial for dose sparing polio vaccinations. Our Wearables portfolio is also expanding. At the November PDA conference in Vienna, we will feature extensions of our SmartDose drug delivery platform with enhanced usability and performance capabilities, such as Bluetooth connectivity to drive patient adherence. The expanded portfolio will now include dosing options as large as 10 ml. As you can see from the small example of the new products, we focus our R&D investments to broaden our product portfolio that includes high-value product components, wearable injectors and administration systems our customers seek. On Slide 6, we have updated full year 2017 guidance. We continue to expect approximately 6% organic sales growth for the full year. And we are raising the sales guidance range based on our Q3 performance, and a slight tailwind in FX offset by hurricane-related impacts in Puerto Rico. We are also raising our adjusted EPS range from $2.74 to $2.79. Turning to Slide 7. 2017 has been a transition year as we continue to work through our customers inventory management activities that started in 2016. We expect the return of a more typical growth pattern in Q4 of this year. Looking forward to 2018, we expect organic sales growth in the range of 6% to 8%, as a result of market volume growth and continued high-value product conversions. Our long-term outlook remains consistent with 6% to 8% annual constant currency organic sales growth. As we have stated in the past, we expect on average, about 1 point to come from price, 2 to 3 points from market volume and 3 to 4 points from market shift. A significant portion of our component volume sales is still in standard format, and with the increasing quality focus of our customers, we feel that we have significant opportunity for converting standard products to high-value products. Anticipating increased volumes over the next few years, we are also expanding our manufacturing capacity, including the completion of our Waterford site, which should commence commercial production in mid-2018. And as you saw in the prior slide, we have a portfolio of proprietary devices that will accelerate our growth as they gain traction in the marketplace. We expect gross margins to expand as product mix continues its trend towards high-value products. This, combined with the numerous initiatives to improve manufacturing efficiencies that our global operation team has put in place, will further improve our costs structure. We expect to benefit from operating profit margin expansion, on average, 100 basis points per year for the next several years as a result of these activities. CapEx is expected to be in the range of between $150 million to $175 million. A preferred capital allocation is to invest in our high-value growth products. We believe these investments will fuel the development and launch of the next generation of integrated containment and delivery solutions we know our customers are counting on us to deliver. Ill now turn it over to our CFO, Bill Federici, who will take you through our detailed financial results for the quarter. Bill?
Bill Federici: Thank you, Eric, and good morning, everyone. We issued our third quarter results this morning reporting net income of $51 million or $0.67 per diluted share. As a reminder, 2017 earnings per share include tax benefits on stock compensation due to an accounting change effective at the beginning of 2017. Our third quarter 2017 results include a $0.06 per share tax benefit due to this change. Our Q3 results also include a $0.09 per share reimbursement of prior costs incurred in the development of a safety technology we licensed to a third-party. That amount is included as other operating income, in our Q3 results. Our adjusted diluted earnings in the third quarter of 2016, were $0.53 per share. A reconciliation of non-GAAP measures is included on Slides 14 through 17 in the presentation that accompanies this call. Turning to sales. Slide 9 shows the components of our consolidated sales increase. Our consolidated third quarter sales of 398.2 million increased by 5.7% versus our third quarter 2016 sales. Excluding the 7.7 million favorable foreign exchange effect, our Q3 2017 sales increased 3.7%. Proprietary net sales increased 1.5% versus the same quarter 2016, excluding exchange. Envision and its respective components and SmartDose devices saw the highest sales increases. Sales of our high value product offerings rose 1.1% versus the prior-year third quarter. Current quarter high value products sales as a percentage of total proprietary products sales were flat versus a year ago. Both Q3 2016 and the first nine months of 2016, saw significant growth in high-value products, up 24% and 21% respectively versus their prior year comparators due to strong customer demand, especially in our Generics and Biologics market segments, as customers ramped up the product launches and were reacting to our lengthened order lead times in our facility. Our combined Q3 revenues from CZ and SmartDose of approximately $9.5 million were $1.7 million or 22% more than the combined Q2 -- 2016 Q3 sales. Contract-Manufactured net sales increased by 11.5% versus the prior-year quarter, ex-currency, driven by the ramp up of customer activity in our newly completed Dublin contract facility. As provided on Slide 10, our consolidated Q3 2017 gross profit margin of 31.4% was seven tenth of a margin point lower than the margin we achieved in the third quarter of 2016. Proprietary third quarter margin of 35.8% was six tenth of a margin lower than the margin achieved in the third quarter of 2016. The decrease in gross margin is due to higher production overhead and depreciation, partially due to preproduction activities at our new Waterford site, with a negative product mix and modest price increases. HVP sales growth slowed as certain Biologics and Generic customers continue to work off high levels of inventory acquired as part of product launches and in response to our previous long order lead times. Contract-Manufactured third quarter gross margin increased by three tenth of a margin point to 16.3%, due to the favorable mix of products sold and volume increases, which were partially offset by higher labor and increased overhead cost, associated with new capabilities supporting Contract Manufacturing customer programs, especially in our expanded Dublin facility. As reflected on Slide 11, Q3 2017 consolidated SG&A expense increased by $3.2 million versus the prior-year quarter. Higher compensation costs and outside services expenses were partially offset by lower pension expense. As a percentage of sales, third quarter 2017 SG&A expense was 15.4% versus 15.5% in the third quarter of 16. Third quarter 2017 other income was $9.5 million, the majority of this is due to the $9.1 million reimbursement of prior costs incurred in the development of a safety technology we licensed to a third-party. Slide 12 shows our key cash flow and balance sheet metrics. Our year-to-date operating cash flow of $181.8 million is $34.2 million above what we generated in the first nine months of 2016, due to higher net income, lower income tax payments and the inclusion of the tax benefit on share-based payments offset by higher pension contributions. Our capital spending was $101.3 million for the first nine months of 2017, approximately $21 million less than at this time in 2016. We expect to spend up to $150 million in capital in 2017. Approximately 60% of our planned capital spending is dedicated to new products and expansion activities, including approximately $25 million for the construction of the new Waterford facility. Our balance sheet continues to be strong and were confident that our business will provide necessary future liquidity. Our cash balance at September 30, of $269 million was $66 million more than our December 2016 balance. The increase reflects the operating cash flow generated so far this year, net of our capital expenditures and $26.9 million in share repurchases. Our cash balance also increased due to the positive currency effect. Debt at September 30, 2017, of $229.8 million was $1.2 million more than at yearend. Our cash balance exceeds our debt balances, as such we are delevered on a net debt to total invested capital basis. In the fourth quarter of 2017, we paid off the $33.1 million remaining mortgage balance on our headquarters building that was scheduled to mature in January of 2018, which will generate a small Q4 benefit from a lower interest expense. Working capital of approximately $477 million at September 30th was $76 million higher than at year-end. The majority of the increase is due to increases in our cash balances, accounts receivables and inventory balances, partially offset by higher accounts payable and accrued expenses as well as the reclassification to current of our headquarter building mortgage. The accounts receivable increase was due to higher sales and currency effects on our international receivables as well as extended payment terms by certain customers. Looking ahead, our committed proprietary product orders were $375 million at September 2017, 6% lower than at September 2016, excluding exchange. As expected, due to the operational gains resulting in lower lead times in our plants, customers do not need to place orders as far in advance, which has had the effect of lowering committed orders on hand. Based on our year-to-date 2017 results and our analysis of the orders on hand, we have revised our full year 2017 guidance in this mornings release. That guidance is summarized on Slide 13. We anticipate Q4 sales in our proprietary business to return to more normal growth rates. Additionally, we expect a return to mid-single-digit growth in our Contract Manufacturing business. Our Q4 results may be adversely affected by up to $5 million of sales and $0.03 of EPS by the recent hurricanes that have affected our facility and our customers facilities in Puerto Rico. Our Contract Manufacturing facility in Puerto Rico has restarted partial production. We now expect full year adjusted diluted EPS to be in the range of $2.74 to $2.79. We have based our guidance on an exchange rate of $1.18 per euro for the remainder of 2017 versus the $1.14 per euro rate used in our prior guidance. Id now like to turn the call back over to Eric Green. Eric?
Eric Green: Thank you, Bill. In conclusion, were seeing good progress with our market-led strategy. With quality, scientific and technical expertise, that is unmatched in our industry, we are developing deep insights into what our customers need and are developing unique solutions for them. We have a strong pipeline of innovative, high-value products and delivery devices that will address future market needs, and our operations team is working to apply manufacturing excellence and best practice across a global network to deliver better service to our customers and reduce costs. With strong market fundamentals driving our business, our team is focused on delivering the year-end for our customers and laying the groundwork for future success in 2018 and beyond. Jonathan, were ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Dave Windley from Jefferies .
Jared Meggison: This is Jared Meggison on for Dave Windley. I just want to dive a little deeper into the backlog being down 6%. I know you talked about longer lead times, but I just wanted to touch on the efficiencies you guys are getting in your proprietary products. I know you previously discussed some increased efficiencies in your manufacturing processes. So I guess what Im curious about is, are you guys continuing to get efficiencies or was that more of a one-time gain and now youre just operating more efficiently and seeing lower orders? Or -- can you just expand on that?
Eric Green: Jared, a very good question. And what we have seen over the last 1.5 to 2 years a reduction -- significant reduction from lead times that were somewhat inflated, end of 15 going into 2016, due to a surge of demand really in the Biologic -- Im sorry, in the Generics space, for our high-value products. Because of the improvements we made in Jersey Shore facility, in Pennsylvania, also the investments we made with Kinston, North Carolina, were able to add capacity, which as I mentioned, reduced these cycle times significantly. I would argue at this point, were not satisfied where we are. If weve mentioned -- we talked a little bit about AccelTRA, thats a program thats designed to take lead times that could be anywhere between 10 to 15 weeks down to less than half that. So were continuously -- with the continuous improvement mindset -- driving more efficiencies. And youre right, the net result is our customers are less dependent on putting orders out three -- two or three quarters in advance to more in just-in-time mentality. So were making good progress but we have more work to do, and were seeing the benefit with more of the response from our customers.
Jared Meggison: Great. And then regarding the hurricane impact in 4Q, I know you quantified the revenue as potentially $5 million. Can you maybe quantify what that does to margin? Is that kind of a flow-through there or what are the expectations around that?
Bill Federici: Yes, the margin impact, Jared, will be an adverse impact about $0.03 on the EPS line. So about $3 million of operating profit.
Jared Meggison: And then last...
Eric Green: [indiscernible]
Jared Meggison: And then last one from me. I think you guys have mentioned Generics was expected to grow double digits in 4Q. If you could just expand on that expectation? Is that a normalization of the regulatory issues we had seen in 2Q, 3Q? Or have you guys had some larger orders come in?
Eric Green: Yes, its really the work our customers, the generic customers have done on their inventory management. Again, over a year ago, they built up inventories due to the long lead times. They got really comfortable toward the tail end of 2016 -- where we were -- and with the continuous improvement. And that has really anniversaried out during the Q3 of this year. As you know, we are a make-to-order environment, so we have visibility of orders on hand that were currently working on delivering with expectations in Q4 with Generics. So it really is around the inventory management activities that were done by our customers.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Larry Solow from CJS Securities. Your question please.
Larry Solow: Just a couple of follow-ups. Just on the lead time question. Does -- as you guys, obviously, this is your own successes demonstrated here. Did the lead times eventually -- does there come to an inflection point when this begins to go the other way? Or is it that tight now for the customer or that much better for the customer that -- this will always be some very little lead time? And do you guys see benefit from that? Obviously, the customer could hold less inventory, you hold less raw materials on hand. Does that -- is that actually driving better profit for you?
Eric Green: Yes, Larry, its a benefit for both our customers and for ourselves. And, frankly, I think weve more normalized in the last couple of quarters or three quarters, I would argue, with our operations on lead times. And as we look -- as the global operations team is looking at putting in place continuous improvements with more automation, more process flow designs. It gives us the ability to continuously drive that lead time down further to continue to be the best-in-class in the industry, frankly. But youre right, while were able to create more efficiencies, we drive costs of our customers working capital, higher-quality and delivery, faster to our customers, which will translate into better margins for West.
Larry Solow: And just so -- as this the improved throughput and increased capacity, I suppose its a freed up, given additional capacity that allows you to grow or even look for other opportunities that maybe you couldnt do not too long ago?
Eric Green: Yes, Larry, so thats a very good point. And we had some constraints on moving customers from standard packaging components to high-value products about one and a half years ago, just due to constraints of our operations. With the lower lead times, the conversations with customers to move more of their portfolio towards high-value products is a lot easier. And thats that -- and as you know, what comes with that, right? Its higher revenues and higher margins per transaction. So that is -- thats going to be a benefit as we go forward, and we know the global operations team is really focused on maintaining and in improving on those metrics, so that our commercial organization has that confidence with the conversations at our customers.
Larry Solow: Great. And just a couple of questions on the specific end markets. On the Biologics side, obviously, its been held back by the aforementioned inventory issues. It sounds like you guys are pretty confident with the high single-digit growth for the year, youll obviously get into the double digits in Q4. As you look out, more importantly, into 2018, does that double-digit growth rate sort of incorporate into that sort of 6% to 8% overall growth next year?
Bill Federici: Yes, on the Biologics...
Eric Green: Yes. Youre right on the Biologics, were starting to see that more normalized in Q4 actually outsized, I would say, with double-digits. Its very strong double-digits. And as you look into 2018, what were seeing with our customers and conversations with our customers, well be back to more normal levels. That could oscillate between quarter-to-quarter between high-single to low double, but its in that corridor.
Larry Solow: Got it. And then just lastly on the Generic area, I know you guys had lot of timing and whatnot impacted you guys, but also there has been some slowdown in the production industry-wide a lot more, seems like a little tighter regulations or at least more warning letters, FDA audits and whatnot. Has that -- any change in that front, any reaction from customers?
Eric Green: Yes, Larry, well theres been not a lot of change on that regard specifically around India. We are continuously working with our customers as they work through these issues. I would say though, we had a pretty strong performance not just in India but throughout Asia in Q3. So we think its coming back to the more normal type of performance. I just want to remind you that our business in India where its mostly impacted by these regulatory hurdles, is a very small piece of our Generics business, in fact, its less than 5% of our entire Generics business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of William March from Janney Montgomery. Your question please.
William March: First question, maybe just talk about the adoption curve youre seeing for NovaPure and Westar Envision? And maybe how does that compare to some of the legacy HVP products like Westar and RS and RU and kind of just a long-term dynamic of that shift and then the shift of standard to high value products?
Eric Green: Yes. No. So, Bill, when you look at the NovaPure and Envision, and if you can just kind of think about the product portfolio moving up the high-value quality curve, these are the services and product solutions that we offer our customers that are more recently launched, and what were seeing is a lot of interest, because Envision obviously gets into the subvisible detection of defects. And we get into NovaPure, thats really quality by design. Both of them though are very small as an overall percentage of our high-value product portfolio, but the migration from either standard to that part of the portfolio or even from, typically, Westar RU, RS, FluroTec all the way up to NovaPure has continued to be very attractive for our customers. Give you an example: NovaPure manufacturing capability we came online about almost a year ago in Kinston, North Carolina, its been validated. We have worked with our customers on stability so we can move their highest level of Biologics on NovaPure. And the economics are quite attractive, obviously, for our customers who saves -- reduces their defects and improves their quality. And for us, its actually moving -- helps us with our gross margins, obviously. So were excited about it, but it is a small number, and I got to be careful when we talk about very strong growth, but its a long migration. But its exciting to see the traction were getting from our customers.
William March: Got it. And then on the Pharma segment, I know in the last call you called out a major customer thats going to be migrating from standard to high-value products beginning in 2018. Are you seeing -- are you having conversations with additional Pharma customers about that? And then maybe is that going to be a little bit of a headwind here in 3Q and 4Q as that customer works down standard inventory as they begin the migration?
Eric Green: No, I think what youre going to see is -- so the answer to your question, the first part is, yes, were continuing to have conversations. That one particular customer -- that migration is commencing in 2018. Were quite excited about it because it supports one of their major initiatives of driving for zero defect at their -- within their organization, but also enables us to put our highest quality product on their products.  Secondly though, well see a little bit of a transition you could argue, it might be a little bit of a headwind but were managing through that with our customer, as they migrate and we dont see too much volatility. What youll see this quarter, in Q3, the volatility that we saw, it really is a follow-on of a very, very strong first half and the sales of the first half were led by packaging components for insulin delivery. Just to remind you that we have a pretty strong position in the diabetes market. And so -- and then also were seeing growth in the Envision administration system products also. So we dont think Q3 is a typical concern because this is the typical normal quarterly fluctuation, and we continue to believe in mid-single-digit in Pharmas to be expected.
William March: Got it. And then just one quick one for Bill. Could you maybe just talk about capital deployment. And now with the net cash balance where you guys stand on your thoughts around share repurchases and maybe accelerating that?
Bill Federici: Sure, thanks, Bill. So absolutely, as Eric mentioned in his prepared remarks, our first order of business is to invest back into the core of our business; the high-value product programs. That will continue to be our initial first pass on capital allocation. We do have a board-authorized share buyback program that runs through the end of the year. And we are -- as we mentioned, weve -- taken down a part of that and there is still a piece to go thats available to us under that program. And we have affected about $26.9 million through the first nine months of the year.  In terms of how were looking at the balance sheet, were very comfortable with our balance sheet the way it is. We believe that it continues to provide us with the necessary liquidity to be able to continue to grow our high-value product programs and our proprietary delivery systems as well. So no fundamental change in that in the near term.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Tim Evans from Wells Fargo.
Robert Amparo: This is actually Robert on for Tim. So weve seen this one situation where biosimilars are taking more than expected share from innovators. Do you guys see this dynamic as disruptive to West in the short-term possibly some of these customers might adjust their inventory?
Eric Green: That is -- biosimilars are very new in the states at this point, and its obviously long-term, its a very attractive space, when you start looking at large molecules. And we dont see -- we believe our position in that part of the market is actually very attractive. To give you an example, in Q3, there were, we believe theres 14 NMEs that were approved and of which seven were Biologics, about 4 were biosimilars and 3 were small molecules. We were in all those presentations. So it shows that were not just in the Biologics or small molecules. We have a very good position in the biosimilar space.
Robert Amparo: Okay. Great. And really quick Contract Manufacturing was pretty strong in the quarter. And I know you mentioned you saw minimal damage and youre back up and partially operational, but is there anything else you can comment on regarding strength?
Eric Green: Yes, so the team has done a really good job of Contract Manufacturing. This is a business that has -- and Im pleased with the leadership team in that part of the organization where they have really focused intently in the diagnostics and med device space. And as you know, if you were to sit here talking about it 3 years ago, I think there was pretty robust part of the portfolio was in consumer products. While thats a very important area, our focus has really been towards the healthcare space, and today less than 20% of our sales of that business is in the consumer products. The growth really is coming from product launches of our customers with new molecules and new delivery devices going into the market, and we are -- we, for example, in Dublin, we built a facility dedicated for a line for delivery device and that delivery device is -- were having troubles keeping up with the volume, frankly. And so thats a great example on how were -- the focus has given us more opportunities and the pipeline looks very rich. So it is going to be tough comp in Q4, but that team is well positioned to continue to grow that business very well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin from Bank of America.
Derik De Bruin: Couple of questions. Bill, Im just curious, the reimbursement -- the $9.1 million or the $9.5 million reimbursement for cost, you originally guided to $0.53 flattish EPS number for the quarter and the conversation whether this was going to come in 4Q, and it was going to be the smaller amount, I think is around $8 million. I guess what changed in terms of timing given that the -- given the call was on July 27?
Bill Federici: Nothing changed in terms of timing. I mean, these are deals that happen when they happen. So we are -- we were -- I think were very clear on what we expected. The number was a little different than what we had originally said, but the $9.1 million is running through other operating income, and we did say that it was going to be in Q3, not Q4, Derik, just to correct you there. And the $8 million versus $9.1 million, the 8 million was Euros. And so that $9.1 million.
Derik De Bruin: Got you, okay. And I guess Im just curious the stock-based accounting changes are, its -- I think its like a $0.40 tailwind you had this year. Was it -- I mean, how do you look at that in terms of next year in terms of comps? And what sort of headwind does that create from a timeline standpoint?
Bill Federici: Its a great question. This is -- it is an area where this new accounting, used to run through the equity section. Now theyre -- the accountants have decided that you go through the income statement. We had very, very high levels of activity. As you know, the excess tax benefit is based on a lot of different variables, first one being the existing stock [indiscernible] strike price of those options, time they were given. So theres a number of variables that are involved, its very, very hard to predict when individuals either be it retired individuals or individuals that are still at the company are going to exercise their options. So weve been transparent in terms of what the actual results have been. I can tell you, if you look back in history, the amount is -- in prior years, even though its run through the equity section, has not nearly been as high as what weve seen this year. Its run -- it was about $19 million in 2016 and about -- and smaller amounts before that. So while there are still options out there that are available to the exercised. Describing for you and how we could possibly predict that going into the future, is very difficult because of those various variables, including what happens with tax reform going forward. Those are things that make it extraordinarily difficult. We think the best thing to do is to be transparent, but if youre -- in terms of helping you understand what should be the particular period -- but if youre trying to think about, I wouldnt use the $0.30 that weve seen, the $30 million that weve seen thus far the $0.40, I would think more in lines of what weve seen in the past, which has been kind of in that $10 million to $18 million range. So we will continue to update you as we go along, but predicting something like that is very, very difficult.
Derik Bruin: And then just one final question, I guess when you sort of look at the I think 6% to 8% long-term number and the 100 basis points with margin expansion sort of built-in, I mean thats sort of what we were running through our models. But I guess, if you look at the -- it sort of puts the op margin number by 2020 versus your prior guidance sort of at the lower end of that range of that. I guess whats the delta -- I guess whats still the biggest delta in terms of potentially getting from what now looks like the $19 million -- sort of like the $19 million to $23 million which you said previously. There still must be FX and proprietary and then the new product sets that are coming is the big delta is in that margin number?
Bill Federici: Yes, look, I think Derik what were saying is that construct the six. -- the 6% to 8% growth organically driven by the mix shift to high-value products and the increased optionality in terms of growth coming from our proprietary devices is going to drive along with operational efficiencies, is going to drive approximately 100 basis points on average each year to our operating margin. We still feel very, very comfortable with making those claims. And weve actually seen this result when high-value product growth is high, in that high-singles to low-doubles that we expected to grow over the long periods of time. That generates very, very good margin. Theres a great correlation between that and generating good margin expansion. So that construct along with our operational efficiencies gives us a lot of comfort that were going to continue to grow in approximately 100 basis points on average per year.
Operator: And this does conclude the question-and-answer session of todays program. Id like to hand the program back to Quintin Lai for any further remarks.
Quintin Lai: Thanks, Jonathan. Thank you for joining us on todays conference call. An online archive of the broadcast will be available on our website at www.westpharma.com in the investors section. Additionally, you can access a telephone replay through Thursday, November 2, by dialing the numbers and conference ID provided at the end of todays earnings release. So that concludes todays call. Thanks, and have a nice day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Quintin Lai - VP of Corporate Development, Strategy and Investor Relations Eric Green - CEO, President and Director Bill Federici - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Derik Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jared Meggison - Jefferies Sara Silverman - Wells Fargo William March - Janney Lawrence Solow - CJS Securities
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 2017 West Pharmaceutical Services Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Quintin Lai, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Quintin Lai: Thank you, Leanne. Good morning, and welcome to West's Second Quarter 2017 Conference Call. We issued our financial results this morning and the release has been posted in the investor section on the company's website located at www.westpharma.com. This morning, CEO, Eric Green, and CFO, Bill Federici, will review our results, give you an update on our business and provide an updated financial outlook for the full year 2017. There is a slide presentation that accompanies today's conference call, and a copy of that presentation is also available on the Investor Section of our website. On slide two is the safe harbor statement. Statements made by management on this call and in the presentation contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. federal securities law. These statements are based on management's beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. There are many factors that can influence the company's future results that are beyond the ability of the company to control or predict. Because of these known or unknown risks or uncertainties, actual results could differ materially from past results and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement. For a nonexclusive list of factors which could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, please refer to today's press release as well as any further disclosures the company makes regarding the risks to which it is subject in the company's 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K reports. In addition, during today's call, management will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures, including: sales in constant currency, organic sales, adjusted operating profit, adjusted operating profit margin and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in this morning's earnings release. I now turn the call over to West's CEO and President, Eric Green.
Eric Green: Thank you, Quentin, and good morning, everyone. Following a strong start to the year, our second quarter performance fell short of expectations. While we delivered 4% organic sales growth, with strong performance in Contract Manufacturing and Pharma, unexpected softness in Generics and Biologics caused an unfavorable sales mix, which resulted in a drop in the gross margin for the quarter. While we have taken several actions, including increased customer interactions, to better forecast their demand patterns and have put in place increased cost controls over our processes, we remain confident that the fundamentals of our markets, our products, and our strategy are solid. Our long-term outlook remains unchanged and we believe that our growth profile will improve in Q4 of this year. I will focus my comments on the details of our sales performance in the quarter. First, at a high level, two areas of our business, Contract Manufacturing and the Pharma market unit, which account for approximately 55% of our total sales, performed well and were at or above our expectations. On the other hand, the Generics and Biologics market units, approximately 45% of our total sales and accounting for 70% of total high-value product sales, were softer than expected due to a variety of customer issues, included continued customer inventory management, drug-launch delays, and customer-related regulatory issues. I will go into more detail in a moment. Turning to slide four. We have laid out our organic sales performance over the last 5 quarters and show our updated full year guidance for each market unit and the Contract Manufacturing segment. I want to take some time to go through each of the businesses in detail regarding the second quarter and talk about the outlook for the balance of 2017. As we expected, Pharma grew mid-single digits after strong double-digit growth in Q1. For the first half of the year, we are very pleased Pharma's growth coming in at high-single digits. Thanks to the realignment of our customer -- commercial organization, which is helping our team better focus on value creation, we are finding more of our large pharma customers seeking higher quality containment and delivery systems and are converting to high-value products. In fact, I had the opportunity to meet with the senior leaders of a major customer at our Jersey Shore, Pennsylvania facility a few weeks ago, and they reaffirmed their commitment to move from standard products to high-value products, commencing later this year. They believe that doing so will aid in their initiative to drive towards zero particulates and defects, which ultimately has a positive impact on patient care. This is a trend we are seeing throughout our customer base and we're well positioned to address the market needs. We expect continued growth in both standard and high-value product sales in this market unit, resulting in healthy high-single digit organic sales growth for the full year. Turning our attention to the Generics market unit. We experienced a continued trend of customer inventory management that began in late Q4 of last year. We've talked about this issue on past calls. In 2016, when our capacities were constrained, our lead times became extended, and as a result, our customers built up inventories to make sure they had sufficient safety stock to cover manufacturing requirements. Our global operations team is successfully reducing lead times for key high-value products, and our customers are responding as we would have expected them to do by reducing their safety stock. More importantly, the increased confidence by our customers in our ability to supply on time is opening up discussions for converting even more of the drug portfolio to West high-value product offerings. This includes our new AccelTRA program developed specifically for our Generics customers. We are experiencing a positive response from this program. And with a number of customers currently testing their drugs for stability with the AccelTRA components, we expect to commence commercial production by early 2018. Additionally, as the quarter progressed, we gained visibility to order pattern changes from some customers, who have been impacted by FDA regulatory actions unrelated to our products. These customers, who purchase both standard and high-value products, have experienced impact to their operations. As a result, these actions depressed their growth over the quarter. Our revised guidance assumes a similar trend in Q3 and to a lesser extent in Q4. Our visibility around the corrective actions these customers are taking is limited. While it is difficult at this time to predict when order volume will return to normal levels, we do have new orders with our largest generic customers, who for the last three quarters, have been running down their safety stock. Therefore, we believe that by Q4, we should see more normal order volumes return. In Biologics, we also experienced some customer inventory management issues in the quarter, but to a lesser extent than in Generics. This did, however, push growth in the market unit down to the mid-single digits. The inventory management activities are related to product launch builds in prior quarters, some customer product launch delays and adjustments associated with conversions to high-value products. I want to reiterate, we are the clear market leader in the growing Biologics market. In fact, our products are on 100% of the newly approved biologic drugs in the U.S. so far in 2017. This, combined with our improving visibility to demand with committed orders gives us the confidence to believe our Biologics units will finish out the year strong. As far as our Crystal Zenith and SmartDose platform sales, we had strong double-digit growth in the quarter. Our customers are adopting CZ for applications where traditional glass falls short of meeting their needs. CZ is well characterized and the recent FDA approvals using CZ containers have brought more customers to West to begin stability studies for future products. Also, the commercial success of our SmartDose technology has resulted in new customer interest and opportunities to West. To that point, in Q2, we signed development agreements with 2 large global customers for the use of SmartDose with their drug candidates. Our contract manufacturing business had its third consecutive quarter of double-digit organic sales growth. All the hard work in 2016 is paying off in 2017, and we're proud to be critical partners to our customers that are bringing new drug delivery and diagnostic devices to the market. Our Dublin facility is currently ramping up and we are on track to hit our expectations for the full year. I want to spend a minute on the progress of our newly created global operation and supply chain organization. The team is focused on driving safety, quality, service, and cost. And on all accounts, the team is making good progress. As an example of this progress, I am pleased to share that our customer, Bristol-Myer Squibb recently named West as the 2017 supplier of the year in quality. I also have an update for you on a major investment we're making to ensure our ability to meet customer demand in the years to come. The Waterford, Ireland, investment is tracking under budget and on time. We are currently partnering with customers to validate the critical insulin sheeting production line, and we expect to start commercial production in the first half of 2018. In Phase II of Waterford, we plan to have high-value product finishing capabilities up and running in late 2018. On slide five, we have revised our sales outlook to reflect the Q2 results in our second half outlook. We are reducing our sales guidance. We now expect full year 2017 to be at the lower end of our long term 6% to 8% organic sales growth target. Our 2017 adjusted diluted EPS guidance takes into account the margin impact from lowered high-value product sales growth related to Generics and Biologics, and is offset by cost controls and favorable tax benefits from stock-based compensation expense. I'll now turn it over to our CFO, Bill Federici, who will take you through our detailed financial results for the quarter. Bill?
Bill Federici: Thank you, Eric, and good morning, everyone. We issued our second quarter results this morning, reporting net income of $38.8 million or $0.51 per diluted share. Our reported results this quarter include a $0.15 per share charge for the deconsolidation of our operations in Venezuela. Excluding this charge, our Q2 2017 adjusted diluted EPS was $0.66 as compared to adjusted diluted earnings of $0.59 in Q2 of 2016. As a reminder, 2017 reported earnings include tax benefits on option exercises due to an accounting change that took effect in 2017. Our Q2 2017 reported earnings includes a $0.13 per diluted share tax benefit related to stock option exercises. A reconciliation of non-GAAP measures is included at slides 12 through 15 in the presentation that accompanies this call. Turning to sales. slide seven shows the components of our consolidated sales increase. Our consolidated second quarter sales of $397.6 million increased by 2.5% versus our second quarter 2016 sales. Excluding the $5.6 million adverse currency effect, our Q2 2017 sales increased 3.9%. Proprietary net sales increased 2.2% versus the same quarter in 2016 excluding exchange. Sales price increases were marginal. Higher sales of CZ and SmartDose, as well as gains in tooling and development revenues, contributed the majority of these sales increases. Sales of our high-value products rose just 2.2% versus the prior year second quarter. Current quarter HVP sales as a percentage of total proprietary products sales were unchanged versus a year ago. Both Q2 2016 and the first half of 2016 saw significant growth in HVPs, up 16.6% and 19.6% respectively. The combined Q2 revenues from CZ and SmartDose of approximately $10 million were $6 million more than the combined 2016 Q2 sales, reflecting strong customer demand. Contract manufactured net sales increased by 10.5% versus the prior year quarter, driven by the ramp up of diabetes customer activity in our newly completed Dublin facility as well as our Arizona facilities. As provided on slide eight, our consolidated gross profit margin for Q2 2017 was 31.4% versus the 34.4% margin we achieved in the second quarter of '16. Proprietary second quarter gross margin of 35.4% was 3.1 margin points lower than the 38.5% achieved in the second quarter of '16. The decrease in gross margin is primarily due to the unfavorable mix of sales, volume decreases, higher raw material costs and normal inflationary increases in labor and overhead costs. We sold a higher percentage of Contract-Manufactured Products, standard components, CZ and SmartDose devices, and tooling and development revenues, all of which carry lower margins than our high-value product components. HVP sales lag as customers, specifically in the Generics market segment, delayed orders as a result of regulatory actions, which impacted their operations, as well as certain Biologics and Generic customers working off high levels of inventory acquired as part of product launches and/or other inventory management initiatives. To dimension the high-value product sales impact on margins, in Q2 2016, high-value product sales increased by 16.6%. This favorable sales mix added 1.4 margin points to our proprietary gross margin. As contrasted to the current quarter's 2.2% growth in HVPs, which yielded an unfavorable mix impact of 1 margin point to proprietary gross profit margin. Contract-Manufactured second quarter gross margin decreased by 0.8 of a margin point to 16.8%. A favorable mix of products sold was more than offset by higher labor and increased overhead costs associated with new capabilities supporting Contract Manufacturing, customer programs, especially in our new Dublin facility. As reflected on slide nine, Q2 2017 consolidated SG&A expense decreased by $1.9 million versus the prior year quarter. Merit and headcount increases in compensation costs were offset by lower incentive comp costs. As a percentage of sales, second quarter 2017 SG&A expense was 15.2% versus 16.1% in the second quarter of '16. Slide 10 shows our key cash flow and balance sheet metrics. Our year-to-date operating cash flow is 26.8 million above what we generated in the first six months of '16, due primarily to our higher operating earnings and the impact of the accounting change with tax benefits associated with stock option exercises, net of higher current year pension plan funding. Our capital spending was $67 million for the first 6 months of '17, approximately 7 million less than at this time in 2016. We expect to spend up to 150 million in capital in 2017. Approximately 60% of our planned capital spending is dedicated to new products and expansion initiatives, including approximately 20 million for the construction of our new Waterford facility. Our balance sheet continues to be strong and we're confident that our business will provide necessary future liquidity. Our cash balance currently of $226 million was 23 million more than our December 2016 balance, due primarily to the higher operating cash flows. Approximately $69 million of our cash balances are held by U.S. subsidiaries. Debt at June 30 of 229.5 million was $1 million more than at year-end. Our net debt to total invested capital ratio at quarter-end was 0.2%. Working capital of approximately $429 million at June 30 was 28 million higher than at year end. The majority of the increase is due to increases in our July cash balances, accounts receivable and inventory balances, partially offset by higher accounts payable and the reclassification to current liabilities of our headquarter building note that matures in January of 2018. Looking ahead, our committed proprietary product orders were 382 million at June 2017, 7% lower than at June 2016 excluding exchange. As expected, due to operational gains resulting in lower lead times in our plants, customers do not need to place orders as far in advance, which has the effect of lowering committed orders on hand. We revised our full year 2017 guidance as reflected on slide 11, based on our year-to-date 2017 results and our analysis of the orders on hand. We believe our remaining 2017 quarterly results will follow historical seasonality, wherein Q3 results are traditionally lower than the results achieved in the first and second quarters due to customer and our planned summer shutdowns for preventive maintenance. We expect Q3 2017 EPS to be flat to the prior year. However, we expect a strong Q4, with a return to more normal customer order patterns. We now expect full year adjusted diluted EPS to be in the range of $2.66 to $2.73, which includes the $0.34 of tax benefits from stock option exercises. We have based our guidance on an exchange rate of $1.14 per euro versus $1.05 per euro rate used in our prior guidance. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Eric Green. Eric?
Eric Green: Thank you, Bill. In closing, we remain confident that the fundamentals of our markets, our products and our strategy are solid. We are maintaining our leadership position with customers. We are expanding our customer portfolio with emerging Biotech and small pharmas as the number of new therapies based on injectable drugs continues to grow. The regulatory hurdles for quality and reliability continue to rise, and our global customer base is increasingly looking to West for worldwide availability, scientific expertise, innovative new components and injection devices, and deep technical service, which we continue to deliver. I want to be clear, we see no change in the fundamental growth drivers and no change in long-term sales growth expectations of 6% to 8% per annum with approximately 100 basis points of operating profit margin expansion per year. Leanne, we're ready to take questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Tim Evans with Wells Fargo.
Sara Silverman: This is Sara on for Tim. I have a question on cost. I was wondering what levers can you guys pull to manage costs during the delays. I think you mentioned earlier on the call you're implementing some cost controls. And then, kind of, as a related question, how should we be thinking about operating margin expansion this year given the headwinds?
Eric Green: So when we were looking at our opportunities, what levers we have available to our business on a short term. It's more around typical cost measures around how we are deploying our resources in our plants. It's also looking at ways to reduce our SG&A or maintain our SG&A as a percentage of sales around that 15% to 15.5%, which we're currently at. This is more around the discretionary spend that we have here at West. Fundamentally, we look at our infrastructure and you look at where we have our operations and our plants and the capacity we have available. There is a demand. We expected demand to continue to pick up latter part of this year. We are ready to take that on. So that's -- the lever we're looking at is more around the discretionary.
William Federici: And just to answer your question directly on the operating profit margin expansion. We do expect about a 100 basis points increase based on our current forecast versus prior year.
Sara Silverman: And then in terms of visibility, what are you guys doing to gain better visibility with your clients? I don't know how much you can share with us but are you able to provide, kind of, any narrative of what changed between now and last quarter and what you're, kind of, doing to address that?
Eric Green: Yes, so what we're doing with our global operations team in our commercial organization is that we have a very robust supply chain group that is actually being tied to our customers and started looking at demand patterns. Not just historic but also forward looking. And so these are the initiatives that we have put in place. But it is really around the overall demand planning, not insular but actually working side-by-side with our customers. Just to reiterate, I mentioned earlier that I had a meeting -- several of us had a meeting with the key leaders of a major Pharma company up in Jersey Shore, and that was one of the key deliverables from that discussion is integrating our group with their group to actually build forecast and demand short-term and more long-term.
Operator: Your next question is from William March with Janney. Please go ahead.
William March: So first question, Bill, just if you could provide a little more color around the second half financials. Just in terms of 3Q is typically a lighter quarter as factories are retooling, so maybe just a little bit on the revenue cadence. And then you also highlighted a 100 basis points of margin expansion. Is that mainly going to be coming in 4Q, at what -- considering the flat EPS? So just a little more color on the model.
Bill Federici: So, yes, I think what we've said in the release and what we're confirming here is that Q3 will be flat on the EPS line to prior-year. We will continue to see the effects of the Generics and the Bio being soft. As we look towards the fourth quarter, we will be expecting to see more -- a return to a more normal order pattern from our customers in both of those regards. So less robust in Q3 as we expect normally in sales but higher growth rates in the fourth quarter.
William March: And then, Eric, maybe just you highlighted the double-digit growth in CZ and SmartDose and called out a couple of new customer wins. Could you just give us a sense of the growth you're seeing? Is that coming from the products that have recently been approved commercially, or are you seeing stronger growth from clinical trial and stability trial work?
Eric Green: Yes, so around CZ and SmartDose what you're seeing, the increase, as we anticipated this year, is really due to commercial launches. And what we're -- in our comment about additional DAs in the areas around SmartDose it's obviously filling the pipeline for future opportunities. But the growth you're seeing today is really around the commercial launches.
Operator: Your next question is from Larry Solow with CJS Securities. Your line is open.
Larry Solow: I was wondering if you can give a little more color, your proprietary orders, down 7%. I realize obviously, this is a function of several positive variables, including reduced lead times and your improved throughput and capacity expansion. But is there any way to sort of -- is this year-over-year decline of 7%, is that also being impacted, I assume, by some slowdown in the -- outside of the inventory management, but some of the slowdowns you guys have cited?
Eric Green: Yes, let me -- so no, Larry, that's a very good question and thank you for bringing that up. I think when you take a look at our high-value products in our backlog today, I'm really pleased with the progress of our operations teams have delivered on over the last 12 to 18 months. Just to remind you, if we look at our high-value product portfolio, it's roughly around 17% -- last year it was about 17% of the number of units we produced at West. And when you break it down, one of the early entrants of highlighted products for us historically has been around Westar. And that process is roughly 1/3 of the high-value product portfolio. Just to remind you that about two years ago with customers, we were averaging a little over 30 weeks for lead times. And that's not acceptable. The work that has been in place today, we're less than a third of that to our customers from a lead time perspective. And that work over the last year, year and a half, is a direct correlation or a direct impact on the increased confidence from our customers and reducing the large bolus orders that were coming in, historically, due to the lead times. I also just -- just to build off of that, to give you a line of sight and confidence. While the Westar is down, was down double digits in the last quarter, the other parts of the high-value product portfolio that we're pushing into new commercial drugs and opportunities, is growing very strongly. Such as, you talked about the self-injection CZ already with your initial question. But the NovaPure and the Envision line, all very much strong double-digit. Yes, from a smaller base, but this supports the strategy of continuously expanding the pipeline of new products, higher quality, to meet the needs of our customers. So it really is that the backlog right now is a direct correlation to the reduction in lead times, specifically around the Westar processing in the Generics space.
Lawrence Solow: And then just -- if we can just shift back a little bit on the -- you discussed obviously the slowdown in the quarter on both Biologics and Generics. And just to focus on the Biologics side, is the inventory management -- it sounds like that sort of also ties into some of the delayed ramps that these customers are -- is that change in their plans on their own side? Or is that more of a regulatory -- delayed approvals and whatnot that's causing some of this?
Eric Green: Yes, Larry, mostly in the Biologics space is -- a lot of that's driven from our customers in new commercial launches. There is a -- There was some due to a similar situation with Generics but that's at a much lesser extent. It's really around delayed drug products into the marketplace that we have visibility of, and I won't go into details of any one particular customer. But we believe, based on the conversations that latter part of this year, we'll see those becoming real in far as commercial revenue for West to our customers.
Lawrence Solow: So that sounds like it's more customer decisions timing related. It's not as if there's been -- that they were too aggressive on their approval forecast or as a whole forecasts were too aggressive or anything.
Eric Green: No, Larry, as you know -- a lot of -- many of our customers when they're about to launch new molecules, they buy in -- buy ahead and to prepare for the launch. And if there's a delay in the launch, it does create a little bit of an issue on the flow of new orders. I just want to reiterate, when you look at Biologics, we have no visibility of any lost sales. And the questions that I look at every day is, when you look at new molecules coming through the pipeline, are we participating on those molecules? And we can confidently say yes, specifically in the Biologics space, it's very positive. Now I'll just give you an example, there's a major customer with a major biosimilar that's just been recommended for approval in the bio presentation, and what I'm excited about is that our NovaPure line is on that. So again, it's another win for West but frankly speaking, it's a win for our customers and for the ultimate patient.
Lawrence Solow: And then just on the Generics side, that sounds like that's a little bit more, at least recently, a little bit more regulatory issues that sort of crimped production. And you guys, fairly enough, sounds like you don't have great visibilty on that at least for the next couple of quarters. So you go down in Q3 and, I guess you have some visibility on the timing of other orders so that that'll improve, that'll offset some of the weakness. Any way to sort of gauge maybe very high level, what some of these regulatory issues are or would that potentially crimp -- has there been a change in standards or anything or is it or anything like that? Or is it more just coincidental timing that where a bunch of the regulatory issues sort of bunched together, to cause a more significant slowdown that was noticeable for you guys?
Eric Green: Yes, Larry, it's a good question. Let me try to dimension this for you. When we're looking at the business of Generics today, in the asked question, there's been a decline. So we said mid-single-digit decline in Q3. Last quarter, we were sitting here saying that we felt more comfortable of the large Generic players, which is was about 4 of them, frankly, make up 40% of the Generics business. We have visibility line of sight, orders on hand and how that's going to play out for the rest of the year. What we didn't anticipate, frankly, is about half of the decline of that mid-single-digit decline in Generics came from mostly in India. What we've seen there is that it's not just one or two, there's several of our customers that have gone through audits and they have 40 trees that were supplied. And that has delays right now on material going into those customers to produce. Now, we're very sensitive to the fact that if they're not able to correct their -- they have corrective actions that actually get approved, we know that these drugs will have to be picked up from somewhere else. And we're staying tuned to that. Our best estimate based on talking to the customers and also looking at some available data in the marketplace such as IMS, suggests between three to six plus months before a transition would occur. Now that's what we're focused on right now. So about half of the decline in Generics came from specifically, not a 100% but mostly out of our customers in India.
Lawrence Solow: And that's where the regulatory issues have obviously appeared then?
Eric Green: Correct.
Lawrence Solow: And then just last question, just on the euro. The, I guess, the -- using an average of $1.14 versus a prior $1.05. I guess that's $0.09. Is that about just the historical $0.01 to $0.01 rate still apply?
Bill Federici: Yes, Larry, it's a little bit less than that because you got some other currencies running against you in Asia and Europe -- Asia and South America. The way we're looking at is that is about $0.03 in the back half of the year will be the benefit. If it stays at $1.14 for the for the rest of the year.
Lawrence Solow: Instead of the 4.5 you get a little offset on the Asian currencies so it's about $0.03. So that's great. I appreciate that..
Operator: Your next question is from Dave Windley with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Jared Meggison: This is Jared Meggison on for Dave, this morning. I have one quick question. Regarding high-value products, so we've had a little bit slower growth in 1Q and 2Q, now. And I'm just wondering, how are you guys doing the switch up the value chain for high-value products? Is there still demand from customers to move from Westar and FluroTec all the way up to NovaPure? Or given kind of the slower environment here, is there may be a slowdown in that shift up the chain?
Eric Green: Yes, that's a very good question, thank you. When you look at the high-value product portfolio and you look at the whole spectrum that we've laid out on the bottom left hand side of that portfolio, it's really the Westar, an entry point of high-value products. And that's where we've seen the decline, specifically around the customers that I mentioned around the Generic space. When you look around the NovaPure and Envision, they're all -- again, it's a small base. If you look at Westar, it is larger than the accumulation of self-injection CZ administration systems for NovaPure and Envision. But those product portfolios are growing well in the double digits, significantly. So we're seeing a continued migration towards the highest Quality by Design of NovaPure. We're also seeing an increase in Envision's inspection requirements, specifically in the Biologics and now coming into the Generics space. So we're comfortable that we're continuously moving up the value chain when you look at the quality of these new products. I just want to reiterate though the high-value products right now -- or last year, was about 17% of the number of units we produced. And we believe that will continuously increase 100 basis points to 150 basis points every year.
Operator: Your next question is from Derik De Bruin with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Derik De Bruin: I'm pleasantly surprised to hear that you're still talking about a 100 basis points of margin expansion this year, that's certainly better than we had on our first pass at the model. Could you just sort of talk about how much of that is sort of like currency rate versus operational, just like that, could you just sort of walk it, what's on the underlying op margin for guide?
Bill Federici: Yes, so currency is not going to affect the margin percentage very much. It does affect -- its $0.03 on the EPS but the margin is generally not terribly affected by it. We do have, as Eric mentioned, we have operational work that we are working on with our group in the operations. That should bring down the operating cost a little bit. And we're looking at continued cost controls around SG&A that will help. And then we believe that there's the ramp up in HVPs in the back half of the year that as we -- as I mentioned in my prepared remarks that the HVP growth has a very large impact on that mix shift, has a very large impact on our margins. So we believe that that's the big story there. So returning to, hopefully, normal order patterns in Q4. Good cost controls as well as operational efficiencies,, and we believe we would get to approximately 100% -- 100 basis points.
Derik De Bruin: So this sort of then begs the question -- I'm getting this from a couple of people this morning, it's like, I mean, you've seen -- this isn't the first time we've sort of seen these sort of -- this isn't the first time we've seen some of the slippage in terms of the HVPs and things like that. I think you go back 2011-14, there was another historical event like this. Can you sort of talk about, comparing to what you've seen in the past and how long it took you to reset and the -- how this sort of compares to some of the other delays and some of the other things you've seen in the past?
Bill Federici: And yes, absolutely, we have seen this before in the first quarter of '14 and also in 2011 and quite frankly, before that in 2008 and '09 as well. It is -- yes, the underlying fundamentals of the business are that if the products don't go away, if they're not pulled from the marketplace, or if there is no leakage to other -- of market share, that we will continue to see those units when it's comes back. And a lot of what we're seeing today is driven by both the -- our operational excellence, where we've reduced lead times and also customer inventory management issues. So some of this is expected to happen. It does happen periodically, and we do believe that we will continue to grow. The marketplace's -- the marketplace demand for our higher value products driven by the need for a higher quality product, more purity and more -- cleaner product, what our customers call zero-defect mentality, is going to continue to drive the need for high-value products. And as we continue to believe, we've got very high market share in the Biologic space. We're not losing any business in -- been no fundamental change. So we believe that these order patterns will return more to normal. And then lastly, I think there's also, you've got to remember, we grew very, very high percentages of high-value products I mentioned both in the first half, in the first quarter -- the first two quarters of 2016 in high-value products. The growth rates were high-teens. So those are above the norm of where we would say high-value products should go, which is high singles to low doubles. So there is a return to, a reversion to more of the mean. And that's what we're seeing today. No lost business. No change in the fundamentals. We believe that the products are still there. The demand is there. It's just got to -- it'll come back in future quarters.
Derik De Bruin: And that was, sort of, the question on basically nothing to shake your long term outlook?
Bill Federici: Absolutely nothing.
Eric Green: No, Dave no change.
Derik De Bruin: So I guess on the Generic issue and sort of like the 43 and the quality issues there. It's like you solved some -- you had some issues with the Generics customers in Q4 and in Q1. Were these sort of like -- the ones that sort of manifested this quarter, were these the same ones or were these new ones? Just like I'm sort of thinking about your visibility in terms of what is it. Is it like stuff that lingered or it's sort of like whack-a-mole where new ones are popping up?
Eric Green: Yes, from our perspective, working with our customers, there's newer issues that are being faced with our customers, specifically in India. While there are some issues that are outside India. They've been going on for some time now. This is specifically, more than a handful, I would say, in India.
Derik De Bruin: And just the -- you talked about FX being a tailwind for that. What's the overall topline tailwind? What's the overall topline for the full year for the FX contribution?
Bill Federici: Well, I'll just tell you, in the back half of the year, it'll be approximately $20 million.
Derik De Bruin: Can we talk a little bit about the tax rate as well?
Bill Federici: Sure.
Derik De Bruin: Just a sense as you get the stock option changes, I realize that makes things a little bit lumpy. But how do we -- any guidance in terms of how to think about it, given it's been in single digits the last two quarters?
Bill Federici: Yes, and that's driven by this -- by the tax benefit from those option exercises. If you pull that out, the business is still strong in -- from a geographic mix perspective in the U.S. and in places like Germany, which have high tax rates. So if you strip that out, our tax rate, if you're thinking about tax rate without it, should be about 30.5%.
Derik De Bruin: But, yes, yes, but yes okay. It sort of makes the next couple of quarters -- it just makes quarters much more complicated to model.
Bill Federici: It does, and we apologize for the accounting change but there's not much we can do about it.
Derik De Bruin: No, you are not the only ones who are doing this. It's just it's always a surprise now whenever we read it, the earnings releases.
Operator: And I'm showing no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Quintin Lai for any further remarks.
Quintin Lai: Thanks, Leanne. Thank you for joining us on today's conference call. An online archive of the broadcast will be available on our website at www.westpharma.com in the Investors section. Additionally, you can get a telephone replay through Thursday, August 3rd, by dialing the numbers and conference ID provided at the end of today's earnings release. That concludes this call. Have a nice day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Quintin Lai - Vice President, IR Eric Green - Chief Executive Officer Bill Federici - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Derik DeBruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Sarah Akers - Wells Fargo Larry Solow - CJS Securities William March - Janney
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to West Pharmaceuticals First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Quintin Lai, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Quintin Lai: Thank you, Takia. Good morning. And welcome to West's first quarter 2017 conference call. We issued our financial results this morning and the release has been posted in the Investor section on the company's website located at www.westpharma.com. This morning, CEO, Eric Green; and CFO, Bill Federici will review our results, give you an update on our business, and provide an updated financial outlook for the full year 2017. There is a slide presentation that accompanies today's conference call and the copy of that presentation is also available on the Investor section of our website. On slide two is the Safe Harbor statement. Statements made by management on this call and in the presentation contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. federal securities laws. These statements are based on management's beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. There are many factors that can influence the company's future results that are beyond the ability of the company to control or predict. Because of these known or unknown risk or uncertainties, actual results could differ materially from past results and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. For a nonexclusive list of factors which could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, please refer to todays press release, as well as any further disclosures that company makes regarding the risks to which it is subject in the companys 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports. In addition, during today's call, management will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures, including sales at constant currency, organic sales, adjusted operating profit, adjusted operating profit margin and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in this morning's earnings release. I will now call -- I will now turn the call over to West's CEO and President, Eric Green. Eric?
Eric Green: Great. Thank you, Quintin, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased you could join us today for our Q1 call. We are off to a good start to 2017. In the first quarter, we generated solid organic sales growth of 8.7%, with good contributions from both segments. We expanded growth and operating profit margins in the quarter. We launched new products and increased capacity with our Dublin contract manufacturing expansion, which is now online. And we continue to invest in the future with the first phase at our Waterford Ireland facility on track to be operational and delivering validated customer samples in 2017. We generated a record high diluted earnings per share of $0.81 for the quarter. Excluding the benefit from the new accounting rules for tax deductions related to stock based comp expense, we would have grown adjusted diluted EPS by 13%. On slide four, we present organic sales growth over the last five quarters. As you can see, our overall organic sales growth has been in the 8% to 10% range over this period. But when you look at the individual market units, as we previously discussed, there is more quarter-to-quarter variability. Our ability to serve these market groups despite these changes in demand demonstrates the strength of our scale and the depth of our capabilities. In aggregate, the long-term dynamics across our end markets remain robust and we are uniquely positioned to serve these diverse customer groups. Let me review our Q1 performance in the context of our end markets. Our strategy for growth remains focused on increasing the adoption rate of high-value products. We are also working to secure more opportunities for our customers to use multiple West products for each dose delivered and we see customers responding positively to the strategy. In our Pharma market unit, we had strong double-digit sales performance. The growth was a result of very strong high-value product sales, coupled with favorable year-over-year comparison due to inventory adjustments by our customers. There is also some favorable pricing adjustments made in certain regions impacted by inflation. We expect Pharma to return to more typical mid single-digit sales growth resulting in high single-digit growth for the full year. As we saw last quarter, our Generics market unit declined mid-single digits as customers continued to work out safety stock accumulated in the first half of 2016. We have improved lead times for many of our high-value products and in turn our customers have been able to reduce their inventory levels. For Generics, we expect to see increased momentum as the year goes on. We have already seen some large customers placed meaningful high value product orders for second half delivery. We expect Generics to return to high single-digit growth in the latter part of 2017, which will result in mid single-digit growth for the full year. In the Biologics market unit, we saw mid single-digit growth as we recycled against the strongest growth quarter of last year due to inventory builds in support of commercial drug launches. In this quarter, we experienced some destocking by customers, but not at the same level of Generics and we expect to return to double-digit growth in Q2 and for the remainder of the year. Importantly, commercial activity for both SmartDose and CZ remains high. We have multiple SmartDose programs at an early stage and its commercial program in place for both SmartDose and CZ. Developments for larger volume and preloaded versions of our SmartDose device platform, as well as connectivity features are raising interest from our customers, especially within our Biologics and emerging biotech customer base. In contact manufacturing, we achieved the second straight quarter of double-digit growth, along with a favorable comparison from last year's first quarter. We are seeing the results as expected from the many tooling projects which support new programs secured in the back half of 2016. Because of the longer lead times of some of these projects we have good visibility into the back half of the year, which should produce high single-digit growth in this segment. On slide five, this shows our product portfolio and represents the value we bring to our customers with the valuable of those products and services bring to West. We recognize that our long-term success depends on our ability to keep our product pipeline full of advanced containment and delivery solutions. The product shown above the arrow represents some of the new products that have recently been launched or will soon be launched. I am pleased with the progress of our global innovation and technology team, and their work to expand our portfolio. We do know it takes time for many of these products to achieve substantial commercial volumes, as our customers make their way through the drug development cycle for we are pleased with our cadence of new product launches. By working with our customers particularly during Phase 1 or 2, we are able to support them from concept to development to launch. As a result, we have seen high percentage of FDA approved injectables using either West or Daikyo components. In fact, we are pleased to report that our products are used in all five of the new biologic medicines approved by the FDA in the first quarter of this year. Most recently, I got a chance to speak with some of our top customers at the March DCAT Conference in New York. It was a great pleasure to get their feedback and how West is successfully partnering with them to get their products to the market. But I heard most frequently was how much they value and appreciate the deep technical insight their teams offer. We also noted the importance of our collaboration to continue to improve so that together we can ensure we deliver the highest quality level of each and every day. Is not just about the products we make. To hear from our customers on how much they value our scientific affairs and technical services, as well as our regulatory affairs and assistance with filings, it underscores that West is the scientific destination for integrated containment and delivery of injectable medicines. We are striving to provide value at every possible touch point we have with our customers as part of our market led strategy. Turning to slide six, with a good start to the year, we remain focused on delivering critical high value products to our customers, offering differentiating contract manufacturing services and further developing our growing self-injection platforms. We are maintaining a 7% to 9% organic sales growth guidance for the year and raising our adjusted EPS guidance. I'll now turn over to our CFO, Bill Federici, who will take you through the detailed financial results for the quarter. Bill?
Bill Federici: Thank you, Eric, and good morning, everyone. We issued our results this morning reporting first quarter 2017 earnings of $60.9 million or $0.81 per diluted share versus the $0.30 per diluted share we reported in the first quarter of 2016. Those results are summarized on slide seven. Our Q1 2017 reported results include a $15.9 million or $0.21 EPS tax benefit associated with our adoption of the new accounting standards regarding share-based payments. Our Q1 2016 reported results include a restructuring charge and the Venezuelan devaluation charge. Excluding those non-recurring items, our Q1 2016 adjusted diluted EPS was $0.53. Those 2016 non-GAAP measures are described in slides 13 through 16. Turning to sales, slide eight shows the components of our consolidated sales increase. Consolidated first quarter sales were $387.7 million, an increase of 8.7% for the first quarter 16 sales, excluding translation exchange effects. Proprietary product sales increased 8% versus the same quarter 2016 excluding unfavorable translation exchange effects. Volume increases contributed 5.7% of the proprietary sales increase. Our high-value product components and system sales increased 8% versus the prior year first quarter. As expected, the quarters -- the current quarters HVP sales were adversely impacted by customer inventory management especially in our Generics and Biologics market units. The current quarter HVP sales as a percentage of total proprietary sales were constant versus the prior year quarter and represent more than 50% of our total proprietary product Q1 2017 sales. For the full year 2017, we expect double-digit sales growth in high-value products. CZ and SmartDose sales grew double digits in the current quarter versus the prior year quarter. Contract manufactured products net sales increased by 11.4% versus the prior quarter excluding exchange, a favorable mix of products sold, volume increases and pricing drove the increase in Q1 2017 sales. This quarters growth was favorably impacted by the ramping up of some customers projects in our Dublin facility. We expect high single-digit sales growth in contract manufacturing for the full year 2017. As provided on slide nine, our consolidated gross profit margin for Q1 2017 was 34.6% versus the 34% margin we achieved in the first quarter of 16. Proprietary products first quarter gross margin of 31.2% was 40 basis points higher than the 38.8% achieved in the first quarter of 2016. The increase in gross margin is due to price increases and operational efficiencies offset by a slightly unfavorable mix of products sold and normal inflationary increases in labor and overhead costs. Our Venezuelan operations favorable currency impact in the current quarter was partially offset by growing currency losses on material purchases and an unfavorable currency translation effect in Europe. Contract manufactured products first quarter gross margin increased by 160 basis points to 16.3% compared to the prior year quarter. The current quarter's higher gross margin is primarily due to the favorable mix of products sold and operational efficiency, offset by normal material, labor and overhead costs increases. As reflected on slide 10, Q1 2017 consolidated SG&A expense increased by $3.5 million versus the prior year quarter. As a percentage of sales, first quarter 2017 SG&A expense was 15.9% versus 16% in the first quarter of 16. Pension costs decreased by $1 million in the quarter and were offset by higher compensation expense, including lower increases and increased IT costs. Foreign exchange had a favorable effect, reducing SG&A expenses by $400,000. Slide 11 shows our key cash flow metrics. Operating cash flow was $20.7 million for the current quarter, $17 million more than the prior year quarter, primarily reflecting the higher net income and the new accounting standards classification of the excess tax benefit on share based payments as part of operating cash flows. Our capital spending was $37.5 million in the current quarter. We expect to spend approximately $150 million to $175 million in capital in 2017, more than half of our planned capital spending is dedicated to new products and expansion initiatives, including $25 million in Waterford. Slide 11 also provides some summary balance sheet information. Our balance sheet continues to be strong and we are confident that our business will provide necessary future liquidity. Our cash balance at March 31st of $169 million was $34 million less than our December 15 balance. Approximately $27 million of our cash was used to buyback 325,000 shares of our common stock under the Board authorized share buyback plan and related $20 million voluntary contribution to our pension plan. Our large portion of our cash remain invested overseas and is generally not available to repatriated to the U.S. while incurring tax consequences, we continue to pursue repatriation of certain offshore cash where possible. Debt at March 31st of $228 million is essentially the same level as at year end. Our net debt to total invested capital ratio at quarter end was 4.8%. Working capital of $396 million at March 31st was $5 million lower than at year end. The majority of the decrease was due to the reduction in cash and the reclassification of long-term debt to current offset by increases in inventory and receivables relating to our growth in our business. Our committed proprietary product orders of $408 million at March 2017 were 8% higher than at year end, but 5% lower than the March 2016 orders excluding exchange. The March 2016 committed orders were impacted by our extended lead times for certain high value products. Turning to slide 12, we are increasing our full year 2017 EPS guidance range by $0.21 to reflect the Q1 excess tax benefit on stock transactions. We are reaffirming our other annual guidance provided previously. We have based our guidance on an exchange rate of $1.05 per euro, the same rate used in our prior guidance. Our 2017 guidance excludes any additional impact from further currency devaluations, including the Venezuela Bolvar as the company continues to operate primarily under the official exchange rate. It also excludes the expected additional expense associated with our restructuring program. I would now like to turn the call back over to Eric. Eric?
Eric Green: Great. Thank you, Bill. In conclusion, we delivered a solid set of results for the first quarter of 2017. We are driving high-value product growth in our proprietary products segment and expanding our contract manufacturing services. Our global operations is driving more efficient production, higher quality and better service, delivering significant value for our customers and patients that serve. And our innovation and technology team continues to fill up product pipeline with exciting new developments in primary containment and delivery. We are off to a good start and I look forward making additional progress and executing our market led strategy in 2017. Takia, we are ready to take questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Derik DeBruin with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Derik DeBruin: Hi. Good morning.
Eric Green: Good morning, Derik.
Bill Federici: Good morning, Derik.
Derik DeBruin: Great. So, I got just a few housekeeping questions and I got a bigger one. Bill, tax guide for 2017 is bulk of the benefit in the first quarter. How does the rest of the quarter pace out? Whats the guide for the full year tax rate?
Bill Federici: Full tax rate is right around 29%.
Derik DeBruin: Okay.
Bill Federici: It excludes -- as you know, it excludes that tax benefit that we picked up from the share based payments without the net new accounting announcement.
Derik DeBruin: Got you.
Bill Federici: So thats why first quarter is so low.
Derik DeBruin: Got you. Okay. Great. And the topline impact from FX, you are looking for this now?
Bill Federici: Well, FX is, right now we are guidance to $1.05 per euro.
Derik DeBruin: Yeah.
Bill Federici: Right now obviously its a little higher than that, but we put a stake in the ground then we will continue to monitor that and report on a quarterly basis. Right now its a headwind for us from the euro.
Derik DeBruin: Got it. Okay. Share count?
Bill Federici: Share count, we are hoping that remain relative flat, because we have that share buyback plan that we have -- that the board authorized and we put in place, so hoping to keep it relative flat.
Derik DeBruin: Great. Second question now, could you just walk a little bit about the Biologics, I mean, you had a tough comp and youve also seen some drawdown, you saw some drawdown in inventory, it sounds like, just talk about what you are seeing that in market and then how, where, is any out there in terms of where your customers are adopting Crystal Zenith and I will shut out?
Eric Green: Yeah. Derik, good question, we look at the Biologics similar to last year where we had a period of time was little bit slightly less than the other three quarters, thats we are experiencing this year in 2017 and the markets themselves are still as far as the unit volume perspective mid to high single-digit and we expect to grow faster than that obviously, but working with our customers with the inventory management and again this leaves to the high value product focus reducing cycle times just to put dimension slightly and couple of our plants that produce mostly the high value products. We saw a nice reduction about 20 -- roughly around 20% reduction. That obviously is migrating back to our customers and there is again higher degree of confidence and therefore they are pulling back on their inventories. As we have said, we were pretty clear that we will see increase in growth rates over prior year to back to the double digits starting this quarter in Q2 and going forward. So we were feeling pretty good about that. In regards to CZ, at least we have seen a little slight increase of the interest level, when you start to looking at pre-stability -- stability and it getting ready for launch in those three buckets, we are seeing an increase which is favorable. As you know it does take time, does depend on approvals and customers getting ready for launch, but we are still feeling pretty good about that portfolio at this time.
Derik DeBruin: Great. Thank you.
Eric Green: Thank you, Derik.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tim Evans with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Sarah Akers: Hi. This is Sarah Akers on for Tim. I have a margin. Hi, guys. I have a margin question for you. You guys had pretty solid margin gains in the quarter and I like it came from the components. You guys call out about 100 basis points on efficiency gains but then volume and mix was bout a 30 basis points headwind. Can you guys talk about kind of what exactly you doing to gain the efficiencies and then also talk about why volume and mix was a negative contributed, so this is kind of reversal also historical turn?
Eric Green: Yes, Sarah. Good morning. And let me start with the efficiencies. Last year we embarked on, as you know little over a year ago we embarked on a really a different focus around our operations, we globalized historical right up from the site and region perspective and it was -- is effected at that time but going forward we probably to bring more of a global approach. We bought leadership into the organization and frankly we are starting to see good traction and looking at how we can move certain products being produced in certain regions and are locations more effectively truly balance dollars of load. When I look at the operations theres really four key levers we are focused on. One, we are already a pretty high level on quality, but we wanted to actually move that bar even further north. The second is around service. The lead time focused on reducing it to a more than acceptable point by our customers is that we are doffing on their journey. The third one is global lean initiatives, it starting to kick in, we are going more global operations, global mean, principles, returning see early traction. And the fourth one could take little more time, but it's really the global manufacturing strategy, looking at capacity opportunities and leveraging scale. We spend, obviously, quite bit on CapEx. We are looking at how we can leverage our assets more effectively going forward this global approach. I think, Bill, you want to talk little bit about the mix effect?
Bill Federici: Sure. So mix was very slightly negative and slightly unfavorable and its directly tied to the lower growth rate in both Biologics and Generics.
Sarah Akers: Okay. So we encourage you think that next year can be a positive contributor to margin?
Bill Federici: Exactly. Right. So let me, return -- Biologics returning double-digit in the second quarter and then also seeing Generics ramp up by the end of the year, all of those will help with that the mix going forward.
Sarah Akers: Okay. Great. And then just a quick follow up on the CZ question. You guys talked about $27 million in CZ and SmartDose last year. Do you guys expect that line to grow materially this year?
Eric Green: Yeah. We expect that to grow in the double digits.
Sarah Akers: Okay. Great. Thanks for my question.
Eric Green: Great. Thank you, Sarah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Larry Solow with CJS Securities. Your line is open.
Larry Solow: Good morning. Thanks, guys.
Eric Green: Good morning, Larry.
Larry Solow: Good morning. Bunch of moving parts, obviously, with timing and what not and just curious, I know we expect a little bit more of backend loaded year. Is most the difference there just a little bit of the pull forward on the contract manufacturing side or what's sort of is there or is the quarter may be little bit better than your internal outside the timing?
Eric Green: Yeah. I think what we are going to see in the back half this year is more the ramp up on the Generics space. As recall that that we have a few large customers in that space that really move the needle quickly.
Larry Solow: Right.
Eric Green: And so, again, I am very pleased with their operations really driving down cycle times, therefore value to be a confidence, but the demand in the Generics is still rather robust, so we are pretty confidence there. In the Biologics, again, thats more of a ramp up back double digits in Q2 and beyond, so we have that effect of those two, which is about 50% of our business and most of that is our high value product portfolio. The contract manufacturing, just a quick comment, low double digits in last two quarters, we anticipate a similar type of growth going forward. However, when you look at the Q4 as far as the growth percentage is going to get a very high comp, so you should look at the contract manufacturing as a very stable predictable revenue run rate for that business, especially after investing in the facilities in Dublin.
Larry Solow: Okay. And just on the contract manufacturing side, just a quick over there, I know the -- on the gross margin that segment it did increase pretty nicely year-over-year and I assumed it just time related still sort of Q1, I guess, normal is a little bit lower, it still remain sort of lower probably then your full year outlook. You had a decent rebound in growth. Is there anything else in there that sort of impact to that that should sort of weighing as the year progresses?
Eric Green: Yeah. So, Larry, as you remember, we had a bunch of tooling stuff going on in the fourth quarter that has actually now produced usable capacity and that capacity is filled by our customers, so thats obviously helped to achieve with the increase in the margin. And there is also some good operational efficiency going on in there as well. So those things we continue to, as I have said, we continue to think that thats going to continue to build for the year.
Larry Solow: Got it. And then, just lastly on, it sounds like you guys are receiving through your throughput and your capacity over the last three quarters, which is, I think, like a confidence in your customers and thats led to some slowdown in orders, which were probably a little bit ahead of the gain last year? Do you think what sort of gain closer to, I guess, on that equilibrium, but less volatility in the order line going forward?
Eric Green: Yeah. I would say, at this point we are going to see less volatility. I think we are in a more stable state, but I will keep on challenging the applications to finally to even improve the cycle times that so that its uniquely in a new space. So as we go forward you will see that reflected in our committed orders. We do want to keep continue to push the cycle times down to be more aligned with our customer expectations.
Larry Solow: Got it. Great. Thanks guys. Appreciate it.
Eric Green: Thanks, Larry.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dave Windley with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, guys. This is [ph] Jerry Megason (28:53) on for Dave this morning.
Eric Green: Hi, Jerry.
Unidentified Analyst: I just had a couple quick once. Can you guys elaborate little a bit more on Waterford and kind of the impact you guys expect there in 2018. I know I don't want to jump forward too much, but just curious what kind of impact this could have kind of long-term basis?
Eric Green: Yeah. Well, we are in the process of at the end of this year we will be working with our customers especially in insulin space on validating samples, unless the validation process has been completed, we can start moving into commercial revenues. But as you know in this space in this business it does take lot of the ramp up, so I would argue that 2018 while we will see ramp up in commercials that can be really significant. Its going to be in light with our expectations, but in fact it will be significant hit to our topline in 18.
Unidentified Analyst: Got you. And then just real quickly on the customer inventory management. I'm just curious kind of diving your guys visibility on that and kind of ability to forecast?
Eric Green: Well, one of the, you ask me correct, and one of the reasons why we realigned our organization to the market led. So our Generics team is just focus on the Generics customers. They are having discussions day in day out and they are working with their operations to translate that into capacity and utilization of our facilities. We are getting better at it. To improve, I think, we can. But I would say we would be in better visibility. Some of it is little bit of variability of our customers as they moving out in and out of ability to produce. Unfortunately some of our customers are going through difficult times with FDA but that translates into another location. So there is some moving parts for that business, but we are getting better visibility. I do believe we have some room for improvement.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks guys.
Eric Green: Thank you.
Bill Federici: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from William March with Janney. Your line is open.
William March: Hey, guys. This is Bill on for Paul Knight. How you guys doing?
Eric Green: Good. How are you doing?
Bill Federici: Thanks, Bill.
William March: So first question just on the Generics business, obviously, customers have been working off of backlog over the past couple quarters, with the backlog also kind of flat year-over-year, are you starting to see more customers interested in high value products and so some of them are maybe burning off standard products to upgrade, just what are you seeing from that customer segment?
Eric Green: Yeah. Bill, I wouldnt correlate that exactly to the transition from standard to high value products. There is a transition occurring and I think we have discrete cases to point to. However, what we are seeing is as the -- we have seen the momentum of new committed orders coming in, which is building on upon the backlog at this time. So as you recall, its around 8% increase as of end of last year. Last year was the pullback in inventory is probably more the latter part. It was after we had a discussion in October -- June, October and December. We knew its going to be probably good six months -- roughly approximately about six months to work out. So we are -- Q1 was right in the middle of that and beginning of that at this point. So, I would say, its a combination for transition from standard to high-value products but also destocking with some of our large customers.
William March: Got it. And on CZ and SmartDose, could you just give us an update on the number of trials that are currently utilizing those two products?
Eric Green: Yeah. So I mentioned earlier, we are trying to get with the exact number every time, but I would say that, when we are talking about CZ, there is an increase -- a slight increase. SmartDose is relatively a same as last quarter we talk about, but there is more conversations. In fact, quite a bit more conversations happening right now around DAs and around sampling of discussions about variations of the product to support various drug therapies. So its certainly better than what we talked about last quarter.
William March: Got it. And just one quick one for Bill, Bill over the past six quarters or so return on invested capital has really been moving up about 400 basis points, 500 basis points. Could you just maybe highlight what's driving that?
Bill Federici: Certainly, the high value product growth that we have seen over the last several quarters, in fact, over the last couple years has been very, very strong and that drives the favorable mix shift. We are doing a great job of operational efficiencies. We are doing a great job of getting good leverage out of the other parts of the business. So those things are all helping produce. At the same time, we are -- we continue to invest in the business and that will continue to be a drag on our return on invested capital. But we are doing and improving like making sure we are investing in those things like high value product capacity to be able to continue to grow at the rates that we have been able to grow. So, yeah, I think, the big -- the two biggest drivers our HVP growth and the operational efficiency.
William March: Great. Thanks guys. Have a good one.
Eric Green: Thank you, Bill.
Bill Federici: Thank you, Bill.
Operator: Thank you. I am showing no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference back over to Quintin Lai, Vice President of Investor Relations for any closing remarks.
Quintin Lai: Thank you, Takia. Thank you for joining us on today's conference call. An online archive of the broadcast will be available on our website at westpharma.com in the Investor section. Additionally, you may access a telephone replay through Thursday, May 4, by dialing the numbers and conference ID provided at the end of today's earnings release. That concludes this call. Thanks and have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-16 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Quintin Lai - IR Eric Green - CEO Bill Federici - CFO
Analysts: Paul Knight - Janney Montgomery Sarah Silverman - Wells Fargo Larry Solow - CJS Securities Juan Avendano - Bank of America
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the West Pharmaceutical Services Q4, 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instruction will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference Quintin Lai, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Quintin Lai: Thank you, Candice. Good morning and welcome to West's fourth quarter and full year 2016 conference call. We issued our financial results this morning and the release has been posted in the investor section on the Company's Web site located at www.westpharma.com. This morning, CEO, Eric Green and CFO, Bill Federici will review our results, give you an update on our business, and provide a financial outlook for the full year 2017. There is a slide presentation that accompanies today's conference call, and the copy of that presentation is also available on the investor section of our Web site. On Slide 2 the Safe Harbor statement. Statements made by management on this call and in presentation contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. federal securities laws. These statements are based on management's beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. There are many factors that can influence a Company's future results that are beyond the ability of the Company to control or predict. Because of these known or unknown risk or uncertainties, actual results could differ materially from past results and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. For a nonexclusive list of factors which could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, please refer to todays press release, as well as any further disclosures that company makes regarding the risks to which it is subject in the Companys 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports. In addition, during today's call, management will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures, including sales at constant currency, organic sales growth, adjusted operating profit, adjusted operating profit margin and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in this morning's earnings release. I now turn the call over to West's CEO and President, Eric Green. Eric?
Eric Green: Great. Thank you, Quinton. And good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. A little more than one year ago, we announced a realigned organizational structure to better support our market led strategy. We did this to heighten our focus on becoming the leader in the integrated containment and delivery of injectable medicines. We shared with you that this looks to be a long-term journey to feel growth and profits for West. And I'm pleased to say we are well on our way. We delivered a strong set of results in 2016 and we are poised to continue this growth in 2017. To recap for you we've reorganized our company into three major groups. Commercial, global operations, and innovation and technology. Within the commercial team, we created two segments proprietary products and contract manufactured products. To ensure alignment with our customers in addressing the specific needs of each, we created the pharma, generic and biologics market units. We transitioned away from a regionally focused operation to a globally managed network, expanding capacity and significantly reducing delivery lead times of critical high value products. At the same time, we raise the bar on our already industry leading quality metrics and increased our focus on operational efficiencies which has allowed us to better address the demand of our worldwide customer base. Under our newly formed innovation and technology team, we continue to build momentum by adding new high-value products to our components business, while achieving milestones successes with customer FDA approvals of drug using Crystal Zenith and SmartDose technologies. And through all of this transition, we continue to meet our long-term financial objectives. We ended the year with over 9% organic sales growth, which is above our long-term target of 6% to 8%. We expanded both growth and adjusted operating profit margins and generated strong 19% adjusted diluted EPS despite having a $0.04 FX headwind. Turning to Slide 4, when we look at the growth rates over the past year 2016 stands out as being an impressive year for both organic sales and adjusted EPS growth. We are pleased with our track record of creating incremental shareholder value year-over-year. Today we are laser focused on executing our long-term strategy, which should enable future growth at the same pace. Turning to Slide 5, looking at the year the proprietary products segment represented 79% of total sales with organic sales growth just under 10%. This segment was led by double-digit organic sales growth in biologic and generics market units, with mid-single digit growth in our pharma market unit. Organic sales growth of high valued products was 20% for the year. Our market leading position remains strong, as we achieve 90% participation on all of the new injectable drugs approved by the FDA in 2016. Our end markets remain stable and growing. Demand from our biologics customers was strong and steady throughout the year, as we continue to see demand from both large biologics and emerging biologics customers. Generics growth for the year was solid with exceptionally strong sales in the first half of the year, offset by a weaker Q4 as some of our large customers manage their inventory in response to our successful reduction in lead-time. Some of our generics customers placed very large volume orders, which can cause quarter-to-quarter variability. We believe on a 12-months rolling average these variability's typically even-out. When we look at our smaller generics customers which is over half of the market unit sales we have seen a much steadier growth pattern of high single to low double-digits. Pharma, which represents some of the largest and most mature customers delivered steady mid-single digit growth throughout the year. We see continued opportunities to migrate our Pharma customers from standard component to high value products and we are seeing good traction and synergies between our components business and contract manufacturing. Our contract manufacturing business which represented 21% of our total sales grew organically mid-single digit with double-digit growth in Q4, much of the Q4 outperformance is related to tooling sales as we are adding equipment on behalf of our customers and ahead of meaningful high volume campaign that will begin later this year. The typical tie between installing tooling equipment and commercial volumes is about 12 months to 18 months which makes us optimistic about accelerating growth for contract manufacturing as 2017 progresses. Turning to global operations on Slide 6. The team has had a number of successes in 2016, recall that our backlog had risen to approximately $450 million in Q1, because were capacity constrained for certain high value product lines. Due to our global operations focus our lead times to continued its improvement, the team increased operational efficiency and effectively added capacity to our network. As we ended the year, the backlog has come down to $373 million, an 8% decline at constant currency from 2015 year-end levels. Another area of success has come from the creation of a global supply chain and procurement organization, which is driving cost savings across the business and stronger management of our global supply base. At the same time, we continue to reinvest in our business for future growth. We recently completed and commissioned a 60,000 square foot expansion of our Dublin, Ireland contract manufacturing facility on time and within budget. I attended the opening in Dublin and was pleased to hear directly from customers how important the facility will be in helping them prepare for their product launches. Commercial production at Dublin has already begun and will ramp up throughout 2017. And we remain on schedule with the first phase of our Waterford Ireland site, which will manufacture insulin rubber sheeting. Additionally, we continue to build out high value product capacities in our other two centers of excellence in Kingston, North Carolina and in Singapore. Turning to Slide 7. 2016 was a year of new product launches by our innovation and technology team. Many of these were highlighted during the year, this is a good time to remind you that like many R&D projects, these are the results of years of work behind the scenes. Because our products are used in various medical application, we conduct extensive and time consuming testing and validation before any product is launched. Turning to Slide 8. This is a snapshot of our innovation and technology pipeline. While we often talk about CZ and SmartDose, the innovation and technology team is working on numerous project that will enhance our entire portfolio with new innovation and product line extensions to address customer need. On Slide 9. We have outlined our full year 2017 outlook. In October of last year, we set initial 2017 organic sales growth guidance to be at the high-end of our long-term range of 6% to 8%. With solid markets fundamentals, we are raising our 2017 organic sales growth outlook to a new range of 7% to 9%. As we have noted, we expect strong double-digit high-value product growth. In generics, we expect safely stock reduction to dissipate in the first half, with an acceleration in the second half resulting in the high-single to low double-digit growth for the full-year.  Finally, we also expect a shift of sales from tooling to commercial product and contract manufacturing as the year progresses. We anticipate another year of strong gross margin expansion with R&D and SG&A providing an additional leverage. Resulting in adjusted EPS guidance in the range of $2.45 to $2.57. This represents a 12% to 18% year-over-year growth and includes a $0.05 to $0.07 EPS headwind from a stronger U.S. dollar. Excluding this impact EPS is anticipated to grow 15% to 21% which is twice our anticipated organic sales growth.  Now, I'll turn it over to Bill Federici, who will provide more color on our financial performance. Bill?
Bill Federici: Thank you, Eric, and good morning everyone. We issued our fourth quarter results this morning, excluding the effects of special items from both periods, fourth quarter 2016 earnings was $0.54 per diluted share which is the $0.47 we earned in Q4 of '15. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures is provided on Slide 16 through 19. Turning to sales, Slide 11 shows the components of our consolidated sales increase. All references to sales amounts are to constant currency. Consolidated fourth quarter sales were $382.3 million, an increase of 7.7% over fourth quarters 2015 sales. Proprietary product sales were $290 million, a 6.5% increase over the same quarter of '15. A favorable sales mix and volume growth accounted for 6% percentage points of the increase modestly higher selling prices contributed to the remainder of the increase. High value product sales increased 14% versus the prior year quarter. For the full-year 2016 high value product sales increased approximately 20% versus 2015. Combined CZ and SmartDose sales and development activity were $27 million for full-year 2016, a 10% increases versus the prior year. Contract manufacturing product sales were 92.4 million, an 11.6% increase over the sales in the prior year quarter due to higher drug delivery and diagnostic product sales including increase in lower margin tooling revenues. As provided on Slide 12, our Q4 2016 consolidated gross profit margin was 32.3% versus the 33.3% margin we achieved in the first quarter of '15. Proprietary products fourth quarter gross margin of 36.9% is 0.4 margin points lower than the 37.3% achieved in the fourth quarter of '15. A favorable mix of products sold, modest sales price increases and continuing savings and plant efficiencies were more than offset by the impact of higher general inflationary cost, yen denominated material purchases which had an unfavorable impact at 2.2 million or $0.02 EPS headwind in the quarter, and facility startup cost, contract manufacture product fourth quarter gross margin of 17.6% was 2.2 margin points lower than the prior year quarter due to an unfavorable sales mix mainly from incremental low margin tooling sales and unabsorbed overhead, especially in our recently concluded Dublin manufacturing facility. As reflected on Slide 13, Q4 2016 consolidated SG&A expense decreased by 1.5 million compared to the prior year quarter. The decrease is due primarily to low achievement levels on incentive comp programs offset by staffing increases and high stock compensation cost. As a percentage of sales, Q4 2016 SG&A expense was 1.5 percentage points less than the prior year period. Slide 14 shows our key cash flow metrics, operating cash flow was 290 million for the full year of '16, 7 million more than 2015 due primarily to our strong operating results, offset by higher working capital requirements. Capital additions of roughly 170 million were mainly in 2015, roughly 60% of the capital spend is on new products and expansion efforts, including approximately 55 million in Waterford and 20 million for our recently completed Dublin contract manufacturing facility. We expect capital additions of between 150 million and 175 million in 2017, including approximately 60 million of cost associated with the new Waterford facility. Slide 14 also provides some summary balance sheet information. Our balance sheet continues to be strong and were confident that our business will provide the necessary future liquidity. Our cash balance at year-end was $203 million, 72 million lower than our December '15 balance, roughly 50% of that cash is invested overseas and is generally not available for repatriation without tax consequences. The lower cash balance reflects the payment at maturity of our Euro B notes in February of '16. Debt at year-end was $229 million, 70 million less than at prior year-end, due to the payment at maturity of our Euro B notes. Our net debt to total invested capital ratio at year-end was 2.2%, approximately the same as in the prior yearend ratio. Working capital total 401 million at yearend, 41 million higher than the prior yearend due to increases in receivables and inventory balances reflecting our growing business. Our backlog of committed orders was 373 million as of December '16, which is approximately 8% lower than our December '15 balances, excluding exchange due to the actions taken to increase capacity and throughput reducing plant lead times and relieving the backlog. We have issued our full year 2017 guidance in this morning's release. That guidance to summarized on Slide 15. Our guidance is based on an exchange rate of $1.05 per Euro. Our actual 2016 results translated at $1.11 per Euro rate. The exchange rates will likely continue to be a headwind throughout 2017 due to the strengthening in U.S. dollar versus other currencies. Currency volatility in Asian and emerging market is expected to add headwinds for the business in 2017. We expect our 2017 effective tax rate to remain at approximately 29%. Our tax rate is highly dependent on the geographic mix of earnings, which driven by the sales of high value products has been migrating towards higher tax rate jurisdictions like the U.S. which has an adverse effect on our tax rate. Our 2017 guidance includes a $0.02 EPS benefit resulting from our previously announced 800,000 share repurchase plans. We expand our Q1 2017 margins will continue to be adversely impacted by the effect of currencies including the Venezuelan bolivar, Brazilian riyal, the Euro and the Japanese Yen, customer employ management and plant startup costs. We expect a resulting Q1 consolidated operating profit margin of approximately 14.8% to 15%. All of these factors are included in our full year 2017 guidance. The growth accelerating throughout 2017 in our generics and contract manufacturing market units, we expect a stronger second half of 2017 compared to the first half. We expect to deliver on our full-year 2017 earnings guidance of $2.45 to $2.57 per diluted share which on a constant currency basis represents an increase of between 15% and 21% in diluted EPS over 2016. I now like to turn the call back over to Eric Green. Eric?
Eric Green: Great, thank you Bill. In conclusion, we delivered a strong set of results and made significant progress in executing the first year of our long-term market led strategy. Our commercial team continues to make deeper in-roads with the discreet customer groups we have targeted. Our global operations team has a roadmap to improve quality, safety, service and cost. And our innovation and technology team is building a strong pipeline of integrated containment and delivering products to meet customer needs. For this reasons we believe the future looks bright, and we will continue to deliver long-term value for our customers and shareholders.  Candice, we are ready to take questions. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Paul Knight of Janney Montgomery. Your line is now open.
Paul Knight : Can you go over the exact organic growth, excuse me, starting with FX could you give me the impact for FY '16 total and kind of where your thoughts again are on the potential impact on '17?
Bill Federici : So for '16 Paul, for the full-year the FX was a $0.04 negative hit to us. For 2017 we expect we'll seeing continued headwinds from currencies. The euro has declined as dollar strengthens against that and against Asian and South American currency. So we expect to see a $0.05 to $0.07 reduction adverse headwinds from currency in 2017. 
Paul Knight: And then your Op margin the guidance for Q1 was what Bill?
Bill Federici : 14.8% to 15% and that's consolidated operating profit margin.
Paul Knight: And then lastly regarding Ireland, when -- will we see any revenue contribution from net of capacity expansion here in 2017?
Eric Green: Yes, in regards to Waterford, in the Phase I of the insulin sheeting we are in process towards the end of 2017 to validate with our customers and the commercial revenues will be observed in the first part of 2018. On the Dublin contract manufacturing facilities, we have started up and well start seeing commercial revenues ramp up throughout the year for our industry customers.
Paul Knight: And then Eric, can you talk about what youre seeing with projects in Phase III or projects Crystal Zenith, tone of market for your proprietary product line?
Eric Green: Yeah. Paul, there is really two ways of looking at it, one is start with the high value products portfolio, on our last commercial sales. We continue to see very healthy conversion going from standard packaging up to high value products and addition too were seeing new molecules which is exhibited in 2016 injectable drugs that were approved were around 90% of those. And so were seeing a very nice uptake continuing in our high value products. That said, the innovation team is continued to expand the portfolio and raising the capabilities to new formulas, new processing technology to raise the quality standards, which obviously bodes well with our customers today. When we look at on the CZ and SmartDose, or in self-injection devices, weve seen in bulk situations of both of those product lines, an increase of number of developments. So in SmartDose there is a slight increase on the number of developments with customers and there is more conversations going on today than weve had over a year ago. And then on the CZ there is an increase on formal stability. So, were still very pleased with the progress, although its timing with our customers, we still see those two platforms very strong viable growth long-term.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Tim Evans of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Sarah Silverman: Hi, this is Sarah Silverman on for Tim. Just a couple of for you guys. I want the follow-up on the FX guidance. We have tried to model the FX impact on EPS pretty carefully for 2017, but it still looks like we kind of under called the headwind. Can you help us understand the FX mix in your cost base, particularly a little more details on the yen, euro, and then any of those other currencies that are pretty impactful?
Bill Federici: Sure. So, Sarah the euro versus dollar, everybody knows that one. When we talked to you last year at the end of October, it was hovering right around above $1.10 per Euro. Now, weve guided here for the full year our view of it is that at leading at $1.05. Now obviously, that will change, but we had to put a stake in the ground somewhat, so we put it at $1.05 per Euro. On the other pieces of the puzzle, certainly in Asia, where we sell at our Singapore facility in both dollars and euros were seeing the impact of the strengthening dollar there as well. And in South America we're seeing the volatility of those currencies continue and that will continue to provide a headwind for us. In addition to the fact that we still have an investment in Venezuela and we noted the situation there, should there be another official devaluation, we have an exposure of somewhere between $5 million and $7 million depending on what they devalue the business too. So, those are the primary drivers there, I mean there is a lot involved in this obviously, as we are very global business with operations all over the place, but that is for the primary drivers.
Sarah Silverman: Okay. In terms of like percent of your cost base, do you have an idea of like how much is Euros how much is Yen?
Bill Federici: I could give you on the sales and then you can convert that, but it's not perfect. So on the sales for 2016 we were 40% basically Euro based and Asian and Latin and South American businesses we're [technical difficulty] magnitude 10%. 
Sarah Silverman: Okay. And then just another one on guidance. You guys took up your constant currency revenue growth guidance. Can you elaborate on the factors that give you confidence around that to raise the guidance this early in the year, kind of considering it's a bit second half loaded?
Eric Green: Sarah, we take a look at what we have accomplished in 2016, looking at the pending order list that we have with our customers and also the investments we made in certain parts of our business we feel really strong with the 7% to 9%, to dimension that's a little bit, our pharma business we believe that we'll continue with mid-single growth as in -- obviously, we delivered that in '16. In the generics business, while there is some lumpiness with their top customers and I mentioned earlier that smaller customers on generics are lower than 50%, but really about third of our business are five large generics and we have clear visibility on their stocking and they are actually moving up to high value product curve and the strength of our operations reducing lead times by 2x has given the top and continues to stay high single low double in that business. Biologics, we have seen continued strength around double-digit consistently. And then contract manufacturing is one that in 2016, we are about mid-single, but with the investments we made we are ramping up to the high-single throughout 2017. And if you add all that up, it's between that, we're very comfortable with the 7% to 9% organic.
Sarah Silverman: Okay, and just to clarify, if you had to pin point what kind of pushed the needle from October to say now, like would you pin point one thing or is it generally broader growth than you had previously anticipated?
Bill Federici: Yes, I would say one is the uptake on the conversations we're having with the generic, and as we talk about our innovation platform, we're already looking at potentially new formulas for them that will allow us to compete more on the high value products and do the switching. So it's a little bit a type of comp, that's the difference between I'd say in October then what we are today.
Sarah Silverman: Okay, thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Larry Solow of CJS Securities. Your line is now open.
Larry Solow : Just a couple quick follow-ups. Which is on the backend loaded outlook, obviously backlog was down 8% I guess year-over-year and that's obviously, with regards to your motivation what you want to do. So clearly that was a little bit higher. You mentioned some customer change in order patterns, inventory patterns. Is that sort of part of the reason for the back ended loaded outlook? Maybe you expect some adjustment, I know you has of adjusted in your generics customers this quarter. It looks like you expect some of that to happen on the biologics side as well?
Eric Green: Yes, when we look back in Q4 we knew -- talking with our generic customers, we knew that because of the success we have with reduced lead times, that there was going to be a reduction on their safety stock in their own manufacturing facility. And therefore, we have that anticipated and really first half of 2017. But was brought forward a little bit earlier than we anticipated in the later part of Q4. So that is one of the drivers that we see as a reason why you're seeing stronger growth in the second half of 2017 than the first half. The other is, as we mentioned early about the contract manufacturing, some of the investments we made in the tooling and getting our sites up and running are in the ramp up phase at this point. And thats what bring in in the mid-single to the high-single and again a lot of that's borne in the back half of the year.
Larry Solow : Got it. And then just -- and you mentioned tooling and the investments in that side of the business. Just in terms of gross margin, obviously, your outlook is for pretty nice improvement 120 to 160. So, it looks like '16 was little more impact than we though, particularly in Q4 from some of the startup costs. The improvement going forward, it sounds like -- and you continue to get the expansion from the better mix and then I guess your conversion to more of a commercial from the tooling and lower I guess startup costs. So those are sort of the factors that will draw the expansion this year?
Eric Green: Yeah. Larry, absolutely two things. One is, since they're on contract manufacturing, is that, we anticipate lower levels of tooling revenues in '17 than we did in '16, that was a little bit unusually higher for us, though mostly in the Q4 timeframe. I think also with the ramp up we have with our generics and moving more towards the high value products, as you know our high value products or almost 2x on the gross margin than our standard projects. And we still see very strong double-digit growth in high value products and thats a major drive of this shift. Bill, you want to add some color to that?
Bill Federici: Yeah. On the contract manufacturing side Larry, the tooling revenues are very, very low margin as you suggested. So that mix shift from -- but the good news is, its a poor shadowing of commercial business coming through on contract manufacturing. Those customers are ready, were starting to provide them product. So Q1, starting in Q1 and going through 2017, we'll be replacing tooling revenues with good margin revenues in contract manufacturing. So, yes it did absolutely hurt us, that tooling piece was about 6.5 million of extra tooling revenues in the fourth quarter of 2016, which hurt us to a tune of 1.2 margin point in contract manufacturing. So, we expect it to be the mix shift and as it starts to come with those new customers to really bring us up on the margin scale for contract manufacturing throughout the 2017.
Larry Solow : Got you. And it looks like price helped you benefit, you guys benefited a little bit on the quarter about 0.5% or so. What was the benefit for the full year and going forward, do you expect maybe the benefits to increase on pricing front?
Eric Green: Larry, we historically in the last several years have been roughly around 1% price contribution in our business. I would say '16 it was slightly less than that, and at this point and as we looked into '17, we believe well still continue to be around that 1% plus or minus slightly. But, not a significant deviation from what weve seen over the last two years or three years.
Larry Solow : Got you. The CZ, SmartDose total numbers did you say that was 27 million?
Bill Federici: 27 million Larry, yes. About 10% increase on a constant currency basis over 2016.
Larry Solow : Got it. It was sort of closer to flat I guess on a reported basis or?
Bill Federici: On a reported basis it's flat, but when you take out currency it's about 10% up.
Larry Solow: Okay, and then the so I guess sort of -- I know we have expected some significant decent amount more growth, obviously it's a small number, so the percentages get a little skewed, but was that slower on the SmartDose side, CZ side, both any color there would be great.
Eric Green: So it's two elements, one is the development agreements that we were working on and later prior to 2016 are looking to implement more in the early 2017 timeframe. The second is around commercial ramp up working with our customers and we have pretty clear line of sight. But that is some push more into early '17 than late '16. So those are the two elements that really drove that 10% growth versus a little bit higher than we anticipated.
Larry Solow: So it sounds like more timing than anything else?
Eric Green: Yes, Larry it's a timing factor. 
Larry Solow: Great. And then just lastly on the tax rate. Obviously, hovering slowly creeping up towards 29%. Sort of a high-class problem. But as you look out going forward, excluding any potential corporate tax overhaul in the U.S. nothings [ph] happen there, but as you shift more into Ireland and whatnot do you expect this rate to maybe at least stop going up and then over time hopefully coming down a little bit?
Bill Federici: Absolutely, Larry. But you got to be patient with these things. As you know our business, we are not expecting any real growth coming out Waterford in 2017, really doesnt start commercial until early part [technical difficulty]. We'll get some benefit out of contract manufacturing in Dublin, more activity there, more sales there. But it's at 20% margins as oppose to the high 55% high value product margins we expect out of Waterford. So, yes the answer is -- the long-term answer is, absolutely we believe if we can drive our effective tax rate south, but to be honest, in the interim as we continue to sell more and more high value products in the U.S. and other high tax jurisdiction countries there is going to be upward pressure on that rate. I dont expect it to move a lot during 2017, but I wouldnt be expecting a significant decline in 2017.
Larry Solow: Got it, great. Okay, thanks a lot guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Derek Brown of Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Juan Avendano: This is Juan Avendano on behalf of Derek. I wanted to start out, you used to provide gross margin guidance by segments, just curious as to why you stopped doing that this quarter?
Eric Green: Honestly, what we're trying to do is just to provide -- be transparent and we believe this is a business, the way to business is evolving these entities, market units, it's more effective to talk about it the way we are.
Juan Avendano: And the adjusted operating margins what should we expect for 2017? Just curious what the contribution maybe from any SG&A or R&D leverage?
Eric Green: So I'm not clear on the question Juan, do you mean for the whole year or are you just talking regarding the we talked about Q1 and we also gave some guidance that it relates to the full-year on consolidated gross margin.
Juan Avendano: I'm talking about the operating margin full-year.
Eric Green: So from the leverage perspective, yes, absolutely we expect leverage to come from both SG&A and R&D. So our operating profit margin will be, expansion will be greater than our gross profit margin expansion.
Juan Avendano: Okay. And my next question is on the contract sales segment. And so youre guiding for high single-digit organic growth this year. But this above your long-term outlook for the segment which is mid-single digit. Is this a 2017 only phenomenon or are you changing -- or do you still expect mid-single digit in the long-term for contract manufacturing?
Eric Green: Yes, Juan. At this point, when we take a look at the business, this 2017 is really a ramp up of the investments made in '16 and just to be a little more granularity, this is really the focus on the diabetes market on delivery devices, whether its insulin pens or even continues glucose monitoring devices. And as the ramp up phases, well see a higher impact on the percent growth rate in '17. We anticipate that to kind of level back to mid-single long-term as we see the markets today are slightly better than the market. So thats what were looking at, it's more of a '17 ramp up.
Juan Avendano: Okay. Good. And one of your -- just recently at the end of last year, one of your competitors and also customers had their Analyst Day and it seems like theyre focusing a lot more in the self-injection market, they plan to launch a product every year with one particular product being launched this year in the diabetes market. What opportunities or challenges does this present to West?
Eric Green: Yeah. I think when we look at the diabetes market, youre right, when we look at the primary container of where we sit with our [indiscernible] business, we're basically on all the formats for the delivered devices. When it comes to the device itself, for contract manufacturing there are a number of players. Especially when you start talking about wearables, it's a very early stage at this point. But we feel good about where we are, we are a critical supplier partner with the large insulin manufactures. We also have connectivity to other firms that are looking at this space from a device perspective. So, youre right, there is a number of competitors are looking at it because of the attractive growth, but were already in the market, were expanding the market, were adding new products to build support, the growth of our customers.
Juan Avendano: Okay. And lastly, similar to the pricing question before based on my calculations, you got about 70 basis points of pricing of 2016 is slightly below the usual 1% typically year-over-year. Are you seeing any pressure at all given the cascading down from the biopharma direct pricing scrutiny?
Eric Green: No, I would say that at this point it's pretty consistent to what we have been seeing. Obviously with products that have been in the drug market for a number of years maybe over a decade, may have more pressure on the standard packaging components. But, when we look at the high value products and the devices we obviously have continued runway to capture 1% per annum. So, were pretty comfortable with that.
Juan Avendano: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes our question-and-answer session. And now Id like to turn conference over to Quintin Lai for closing remarks. 
Quintin Lai: Thank you, Candice and thank you for joining us on today's conference call. An online archive of the broadcast will be available on our Web site at westpharma.com in the investor section. Additionally, you can get a telephone replay through Thursday, February 23rd, by dialing the numbers and conference ID provided at the end of today's earning release. That concludes today's call have a nice day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may all disconnect. Have a great day everyone.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Quintin Lai - Head of IR Eric Green - CEO Bill Federici - CFO
Analysts: Tim Evans - Wells Fargo Securities Juan Avendano - Bank of America, Merrill Lynch Bill Marsh - Janney Montgomery Scott Dave Windley - Jefferies & Co Larry Solow - CJS Securities Dana Walker - Kalmar Investments
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the West Pharmaceutical Services Q3 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instruction will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce you to your host for todays conference, Mr. Quintin Lai, Head of Investor Relations at West. Sir, you may now begin.
Quintin Lai: Thank you, Jonathan. Good morning to everyone, and welcome to West's third quarter 2016 conference call. We issued our financial results this morning and the release has been posted in the investor section on the Company's Web site located at www.westpharma.com. This morning, CEO Eric Green and CFO Bill Federici will review our results, provide an update on our business, and financial outlook for the full year 2016, provide a sales growth outlook for full-year 2017 and discuss long term 2020 financial targets. There's a slide presentation that accompanies today's conference call, and a copy is also available on the investor section of our Web site. On slide two the Safe Harbor statement. Statements made by management on this call and in the presentation contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. federal securities laws. These statements are based on management's beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. There are many factors that can influence the Company's future results that are beyond the ability of the Company to control or predict. Because of these known or unknown risk or uncertainties, actual results could differ materially from past results and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. For a nonexclusive list of factors which could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, please refer to todays press release, as well as any further disclosures that Company makes regarding the risks to which it subject in the Companys 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports. In addition, during today's call, management will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures, including sales at constant currency, adjusted operating profit, adjusted operating profit margin and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in this morning's earnings release. Now, I will turn the call over to West's CEO and President, Eric Green. Eric?
Eric Green: Thank you, Quintin,and good morning everyone. And thank you for joining us today. As weve said in our press release, we had another solid quarter and expect a good finish to the end of the year. Our end-markets are growing and we expect the momentum from 2016 to continue into 2017. Today, we are introducing our preliminary 2017 organic sales growth guidance. We are also reaffirming the long-term 2020 financial targets that we introduced last year. 2016 is the first full-year of our strategy plan, and I am pleased with our progress. We have realigned the organization through our market led strategy, expanded manufacturing capacity, launched new high-value product, and our customers have received regulatory approval for several products using Crystal Zenith and SmartDose technologies. Looking at our financial performance, in the third quarter, we generated reported sales of $377 million. That represents a constant currency sales growth of 10%. Importantly, these results were broad based across all market units and geographies. Adjusted operating margin was 14.2% and 100 basis-points better than the prior year quarter. We are getting margin expansion contribution from a number of sources, including gross margin expansion from a high value product mix and by leveraging our operating expenses. All of this led to Q3 adjusted diluted EPS of $0.53, which is a 20% increase over the prior year quarter. Turning the slide four, looking at our sales performance. We had solid contribution from both of our business segments. Sales of our proprietary products grew 11.6% organically, driven by double-digit growth in biologics, high single-digit growth in generics, and mid-single digit growth in pharma. Our high-value product portfolio, which represents over 50% of segment sales, grew 25% organically. Just like we saw last quarter, we experienced strong customer demand across the high-value products spectrum, particularly for FluroTec products, Westar are ready-to-use product, Daikyo components, administration systems, and the increasing adoption of our NovaPure offerings. Our customers continue to look to West, provide critical components and solution to contain and deliver their injectable drugs. We are meeting this challenge with innovative high-quality products that are available when needed. We have introduced new high-value products, NovaPure 1ml to 3ml plungers, being the most recent example. The recent milestone successes in the form of customer approvals of several drugs with our Crystal Zenith containment platform and SmartDose drug delivery platform, validates that we are in the right track. Especially satisfying is that these headline successes are attracting new customers that are conduction early evaluations of both CZ and SmartDose. Some of our customers prefer to develop their own delivery technologies and outsource the contract manufacturing of their devices. We are supporting these customers through our contract manufacturing groups. West's contract manufacturing has tremendous engineering knowhow, and is known for high-quality, high-volume production expertise, making West one of the premier CMOs. Contract manufacturing products, which represent 21% of overall sales, grew 4.6% organically in the quarter. Our pipeline of new delivery in diagnostic devices is robust. We have started the two in phase for these projects and this will continue in Q4 as our customers prepared for commercial launch in 2017. Turning to global operations on slide five. Weve generated a gross profit margin of 32.1%, an increase of 70 basis-points over the last year. This quarter, we experienced our typical seasonal plant shutdowns for preventive maintenance. We also experienced incremental low margin contract manufacturing tooling sales. Despite these headwinds, the favorable mix of faster growing high-value product helps fuel the year-over-year gross margin expansion. As we have said on these conference calls earlier this year, our global operations team has been working to reduce delivery lead-time to our customers. The team has made great stride in shortening lead-times across our network, which has resulted in a reduced backlog from peak Q1 levels. The underlying demand for high-value products from all three of our market units remained strong. As just shown over the last five-years, in fact, over the past 10 years and as we continue to see today, we are growing the high volume product portfolio in excess of 10% CAGR. Im also pleased to announce to David Montecalvo has joined West as Head of Global Operations and Supply Chain. David brings a wealth of expertise in global operations, business integration, and product development. As we continue to make significant progress in achieving the operational excellence objectives outlined in our long-term business strategy, including our margin expansion targets, David is a welcome addition to the West team, and we intend to leverage his experience to continue to build upon the progress our team has made. I also want to mention the recent hurricane that impacted the Caribbean in the Atlantic coastal region of U.S. One of the impacted areas was Kingston, North Carolina, where floodwater devastated homes and the surrounding communities. We have a key manufacturing facility in Kingston. While our plant was not damaged, we did have to shut down operations for a few days as many roads were closed. We are back to full operations and we took actions to ensure continuation of customer supplies. Most importantly, all of our employees are safe. Turning to slide six, and the outlook of the balance of 2016. We remained on track for a solid full-year of organic sales growth and expect adjusted diluted EPS to grow roughly double the rate of sales. We now expect to be at the upper end of the 7% to 9% full year organic sales growth range we previously announced. We are narrowing our adjusted EPS guidance to a range of $2.17 to a $2.22, a year-over-year increase of 19% to 21%, which includes the headwinds from changes in FX. Bill Federici, our CFO, will go into more detail on this during his presentation. Turning to slide seven. Last year, we introduced our long-term 2020 financial targets. We remain on-track in year-one of the plan with strong sales growth and operating margin expansion over 2015. We expect to carry this momentum into 2017, and are introducing initial guidance to be at the upper-end of our long-term target of 6% to 8% organic sales growth. We also reaffirm our 2020 financial targets. Now, I turn it over to Bill Federici who will provide more color on our financial performance. Bill?
Bill Federici: Thank you, Eric, and good morning everyone. We issued our third quarter results this morning, reporting net income of $37.6 million or $0.50 per diluted share. And to summarize on slide eight, excluding the one-time items from both this year and the prior years quarters results, our adjusted earnings per diluted share are $0.53 this quarter, 20% higher than our adjusted third quarter 2015 earnings per diluted share. Turning to sales, slide nine shows the components of our consolidated sales increase. Excluding translation exchange effects, our consolidated third quarter sales of $376.7 million increased by 10% versus our third quarter 15 sales. Proprietary product segment sales increased 11.6% versus the same quarter 2015, excluding translation exchange. Sales price increases accounted for 1 percentage-point of sales increase and the favorable mix of products sold and volume increases contributed to remainder of the increase. Sales of our high-value products rose 25% versus the prior-year third quarter. As a percentage of proprietary product segment revenues, high-value product sales grew more than 6 percentage points versus Q3 2015, representing more than half of our proprietary product segment sales. We continue to see strong customer demand for our product offerings that meet our customers high quality expectations. Sales in CZ and SmartDose were $8 million in the quarter, $600,000 above the prior years third quarter. Contract manufactured product net sales increased by 4.6 percentage points versus the prior year quarter, ex-translation. The majority of the increase in contract manufacturing sales was driven by increased demand for diagnostic and delivery devices. As providing on slide 10, our consolidated gross profit margin for Q3 2016 was 32.1% versus the 31.4% margin we achieved in the third quarter of 15. Proprietary product third quarter gross margin of 36.4% was nine tenth of margin point higher than the 35.5% achieved in the third quarter of 15. The increase in gross margin is due to modest price increases and a continuing favorable mix of sales offset by higher Japanese yen denominated raw material costs and increases in labor and overhead costs. The yens strength is approximately 16% versus the prior years third quarter. That adverse the yen transactional rate increase raw material price costs and thereby decrease consolidated Q3 gross profit margin by 110 basis-points. Contract manufactured third quarter gross margin declined by eight tenth of the margin point to 16%, primarily due to some low margin tooling revenues and increases in labor and overhead costs. As reflected on slide 11, Q3 2016 consolidated SG&A expense increased by $3.7 million versus the prior year quarter due to merit infringe increases, more headcount focused on our new market led organization, as well as increased pension expense. As a percentage of sales, third quarter 2016 SG&A expense was 15.5% versus 15.8% in the third quarter of 15. Slide 12 shows our key cash flow and balance sheet metrics. Our year-to-date operating cash flow of $147.6 million is $3 million above what we generated in the first nine months of 2015. Our capital spending was $123 million for the first nine months of 16, approximately $36 million more than at this time in 2015. We expect to spend approximately $150 million to $175 million in capital in 2016. Approximately 60% of our planned capital spending is dedicated to new products and expansion initiatives, including approximately $60 million for the construction of our new Waterford facility. Our balance sheet continues to be strong and were confident that our business will provide necessary future liquidity. Our cash balance at September 30th was $205.9 million, $69 million less than our December 2015 balance due primarily to the payment at maturity of our Euro B notes in February 2016. Debt at September 30th was $231.2 million, $67 million less than at year-end, reflecting the payment at maturity of our Euro C notes. Our net debt to total invested capital ratio at quarter-end was 2.2%. Working capital at September 30th totaled $421 million, roughly $62 million higher than at year-end, primarily due to increases in receivables in inventories reflecting our growing business. Looking ahead, our backlog of completed proprietary product orders stands at $388 million at September 2016, about 2% lower than at September 2015, excluding exchange effects and was about $60 million less than its January 2015 peak. As expected, our order backlog is decreasing as a result of actions we are taking to reduce order lead-times for certain high-value products. Based on our year-to-date 2016 results and our analysis of the orders on-hand, and despite the impact of unfavorable currency effects, we have raised our 2016 full-year sales guidance and tightened our full-year 2016 earnings guidance in this morning's release. That guidance is summarized on slide 13. Achieving the forecasted sales level revenue would result in full-year sales growth at the upper-end of our prior guidance range of 7% to 9% at constant rates. And adjusted diluted EPS should be in the range of $2.17 to $2.22 per share. We have based our guidance on the exchange rate of $1.10 per euro versus the $1.12 per euro assumption using our prior guidance. The relative strength of the U.S. dollar versus most currencies has adversely impacted earnings throughout 2016. We also recognized the continued adverse effects on raw material purchases of a strengthening yen versus the U.S. dollar and the euro. These currency headwinds had reduced reported Q3 earnings by $0.04, and are expected to adversely impact Q4 results by about $0.03, and are included in our full year 2016 guidance. I would now like to turn the call back over to Eric Green. Eric?
Eric Green: Great, thank you Bill. In conclusion, strong high-value product sales, underlying market growth, and excellent execution of our market led strategy, had contributed to another solid quarter. And were confident we will deliver the balance of the year. As we prepare for 2017 and our long-term plans for the Company, we are building on a position of strength, which will allow us to continue to deliver value for our customers and for our shareholders. Jonathan, we are ready to take questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instruction] And our first question is from Tim Evans of Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is now open.
Tim Evans: Thank you. Bill thanks for the color on 2017 and 2020. Can you help us understand how much of your 2020 margin guidance you feel like is now dependent on uptick of CZ and SmartDose versus other high-value product mix shift?
Bill Federici: The bulk of that increase in margin from where we are today to 2020 is relative to the components business, and especially driven by high-value products. So, the percentage of that growth relative to CZ and SmartDose is small.
Tim Evans: And then as you think about the pacing from where we are in 2016 to where we need to be in 2020. Should we be pacing that fairly evenly or do you still feel like it's just more back-end loaded?
Bill Federici: Yes, it is more back-end loaded. We will see good strong growth based on what we talked about, the favorable mix shifts, a little bit of price, and the operational efficiencies and leading programs that we have in place. But there is some. In the back-half of the plan, there is some accelerated growth due to all the proprietary deliveries, including our -- not only CZ and SmartDose, but also including many mark product as well.
Tim Evans: And lastly, did you quantify the impact of the Kingston facility brief time out there?
Bill Federici: No, we did not.
Operator: And our next question is from Derek DeBruin of Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Juan Avendano: This is Juan Avendano on behalf of Derek. How are you guys?
Eric Green: Good morning, Juan.
Juan Avendano: Good morning. Congrats on a great quarter. And I wanted to follow-up on the adjusted operating margin expansion. And so, I had been a recent competitor conference you mentioned that on a normalized basis, based on your long-term organic growth guidance of 6% to 8%, you would expect 50 to 70 basis-points from the mix shift on to more HVPs. But obviously this is exclusive of the operational improvements. And so, how much of a margin contribution on a normalized basis would you expect from your operational initiatives only?
Eric Green: That will change each year. The 50 to 70 basis-points on gross margin is an average. We like to think about it from an operating profit margin basis of about 100 basis-points in total. So, if you want to do the math, you can do the math. But operational efficiencies will be somewhere in that 30 to 50 basis points depending on the year.
Juan Avendano: Another questions I had is, just curious I mean usually in pre-Q you issue a five-year outlook, five-years outward, in this case you reaffirmed 2020. Why not give 2021 guidance this quarter?
Eric Green: Juan, thats a very good question. We historically have given the five-year guidance to our target, thats correct. This year as we say last year were very focused on strategies that we just launched. Were very pleased about the first year of that performance. And were keeping the organization focused on delivering on the 2020 targets that we have communicated. I think at this point thats where we will stay focused on, is as things developed and changed overtime, we will continue to update. But were really focused on the 2020 target at this point.
Operator: And our next question is from Paul Knight of Janney Mont. Your line is now open.
Bill Marsh: This is actually Bill on behalf of Paul. How are you doing?
Eric Green: Good. How are you doing Bill?
Bill Marsh: Doing well. Maybe just talking about the five year plan Eric, year-one focused around realigning the sales organization, and organic growth has grown by about 300 basis-points versus last year. What should we think about as the next step of next evolution of the plan?
Eric Green: Bill, thats a good question. We look at our business. Weve mentioned before about half our business is around the biologic and the generic customer segment. And as you know weve mentioned that were growing well in the double-digits with both on the year-to-date in 2016. The underlying trends in the biologics is very favorable for West, and our base has been larger around the biologics. And its not just the core elastomer steel business, but it's also the adoption and the interest on our self-injecting systems, which encompasses SmartDose and CZ and SmartDose devices. So, fundamentally, when you look at as the business continues to grow with the biologics and the generics momentum that were seeing, its really being driven by the high-value products portfolio. And so were very confident. So, our actions for the next few years continue to drive this market led strategy, drive new innovations from this segment. They are dedicated unique plans for those particular segments and continue to build-out our operations, so we can stay ahead of the demand curve as customers come in with larger volumes as we proceed forward.
Bill Marsh: And on CZ and SmartDose, can you talk about maybe some type of quantification in terms of uptick in request based-on and thats used for cryogenic reason culturing reasons, or just in general uptick following a few regulatory approvals?
Eric Green: Couple of areas I like to share with you. One is last couple of weeks we have --- or last week were at a PDA Conference in California, and the interest level of conversations around our self-injection systems, were talking about SmartDose, CZ, self-dose, is increasing because there are unique issues that our biologic customers are faced with. They talked about higher viscosity, they want to get away from silicon oil, they had issued such, especially in stem-cell therapies around cold storage. These are issues that we can help solve with this portfolio. So we have, as we mentioned in the past, we have double-digit number of development agreements with self-injection systems where we have a number of customer conversations that are a handful at this point to have surfaced since the releases of inlogic. And we are also seeing the increase in customer engagements around the technology assessment, which is very important. Thats a precursor before you get into these agreements. So, we are very encouraged. And the level of engagements we have with most of the top companies developing biologics across multiple drug delivery modalities is very favorable at this point Bill.
Bill Marsh: And then I just have one more for Bill. Bill if you could, in terms of the headwinds from the yen, it looks like that doesnt dissipate until about 2Q next year. So, is that something to think about a little bit on gross margins as we look at 2017? And then on the share repurchase. Should we expect that to be completed by year end? Thanks guys, have a good day.
Bill Federici: So yes, the impact to the yen will continue as we continue to buy materials denominating in yen. Just to remind everyone that 2016 guidance does include that impact for Q4. But you are absolutely right it will impact us at least through the first part of 2017. And on your last point, yes, we fully expect to continue the Board authorized share repurchase program through the end of the year.
Operator: [Operator Instruction] And our next question is from Dave Windley of Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Dave Windley: I guess my first question is, just curiosity about the long-term forecasting and the change in framework from rolling out a year versus reaffirming what you rolled out last year. And how are you thinking about that and how we should take your longer term confidence in that outlook?
Eric Green: When you look at the outlook, I know historically, we have provided five years at West. Last year, we launched a pretty significant focus on a new strategic plan, and driving the organization to be more market led. And with initiatives we put in place, we are seeing very strong traction. I believe it's important for us as an organization to at least stay focused on what weve communicated in regards to our 2020 targets. And so as we stand today, we believe, based on the market trends, based on the adoption of our new products, and the strength of our high-value product portfolio, the adoption towards more high quality has given us increased confidence that our 2020 targets are continue to go for, all includes in West. So thats where were focused on. When things do change overtime in next few years we will continue to update as we talked about, but thats where were focused on right now in 2020.
Dave Windley: And so then within that, it seems like as weve compared performance against some of the plans that go back further in history. The Company's performance has tended to run below the targets. I think largely because of the timing around some of the harder to predict elements, like CZ and SmartDose. Is it right to think that perhaps what I think as the steady core business, the components part of the business, maybe the contract manufacturing part of business, runs you toward the low-end of the overall range? And then CZ and SmartDose, those are more inflection driven and would drive you up into or through that range; one, is that the right way to -- is that the way you guys think about it; and then secondly, could you elaborate on how you see that inflection progressing over the next four years?
Eric Green: I think when you take a look at our targets and their comfort levels of -- if youve historically -- you are right, there has been some adjustments. But I would say majority of that has been around FX. And there is more -- the worst question about adoption of CZ and SmartDose, which is a really in the hands of our customers and moving to commercial state. But saying that, if you look at where we are today and we are seeing the increased focus around the generic and the biologics with this new dedicated market led focus of the four segments. We believe the penetration -- there is little more acceleration in there that we anticipated. So, we do believe that the way that was structured, theyre focused, is driving the high value products portfolio faster than weve seen in the past. And frankly thats a bigger base today. So, thats a very strong positive. I think Bill do you want to comment on for cadence.
Bill Federici: So, Dave, it's absolutely the way that youre thinking about it is correct. We expect the near-term of that time period between now and the end of 2020 to be driven a lot more by the high-value products. And its continued growth driven as Eric said by biologics and generics. There is an inflection point in the curve. Eric also mentioned that we do not control over the timing over that. Thats customers controlling the timing. But we are encouraged by the amount of activity that we have in both CZ and SmartDose across the entire portfolio. We have this idea about the primary drug container being integrated into a delivery system to create an entire unique delivery system for the customer is something that resonates with our customers. And we believe that will continue to drive strong growth going forward. But in terms of exact timing of when that inflection point is, we do not control that. And just to reminder, in the 2020 numbers, we dont have a huge amount of CZ and SmartDose in there.
Dave Windley: Bill, do you quantify that, or is that something thats [multiple speakers]...
Bill Federici: We did say, as we said. Weve got $100 million base approximately of proprietary devices today mostly with the administration systems, the reconstitution devices, are the biggest part of that today. And we expect that to grow very solid as we go through the time period. We have not put official number on the CZ and SmartDose in 2020, but the $200 million band -- $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion does anticipate that a lot of that band is due to CZ and SmartDose. So, the uptick of CZ and SmartDose roughly equates to that band.
Operator: And our next question is from Larry Solow with CJS Securities. Your line is now open.
Larry Solow: Just a quick commentary on the 2020 versus your five year target, I actually think if I may that probably just as more important that you actually have some increased confidence in your 2020 versus putting out of 2021. Because I know that originally the five-year targets were put in play, 2012 or 13, just a sort of get people an idea about how much upfront spending it will take to get to these numbers, so just a little commentary from me and just on the high value products -- actually on the proprietary products and the backlog sort of now coming down significantly. Do you think that youve gotten rid of most of the access lead-time, if you will? And obviously youve done a great job on the manufacturing and throughput side, and we sort of see this backlog maybe stabilize for a while than continue to grow upwards?
Eric Green: First of all, your first comment, I want to thank you for that. I appreciate for that comment. Secondly is as we move to backlog, youre right. Weve worked very hard over the last 12 months to really debottleneck some of our operations, and particularly up until [indiscernible] in Pennsylvania. And the team did a great job. And I think weve normalized and stabilized our lead-times to customers. There is, when you look at the benefit of that is now we have the ability, customers that want to convert from standard packaging to high value products will see the lead-times are more acceptable. So we think the conversations with customer to be more favorable. They will continue to see the demand continue to grow nicely with the high value products. But I also believe that as we look at the demand thats coming in and the conversations we are having specifically on the biologics and the generics remains robust. I just want to remind you though that in the generics that when they come in, they convert from standard packaging to whether its less RS or less RU. We want millions of components. And because they were very short window of opportunity to get into the market with the generics, we have to respond quickly. So, were positioned really well now. So, handle those customers with requests, but it does become little lumpy from quarter-over-quarter.
Larry Solow: And just more color, you mentioned some significant approvals on the CZ side. Is that most of the stuff we have already heard about, or were there any incrementals over the last quarter on the approval side on the launch?
Eric Green: Its consistent with what weve been communicating over the last -- more recently and yes thats correct.
Operator: And our next question is from Arnie Ursaner, Private Investor. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: First, just on the contract manufacturing side do you -- highlighted that youve got quite a bit of expanded tooling, which has impacted margins. But perhaps you want to also focus on the fact that tooling is usually a very good lead indicator of future opportunities for you?
Eric Green: Thats absolutely correct. In contract manufacturing as you know, we work side-by-side with customers, with specifically devices, and when we are investing with our customer in these new facilities, new equipments to manufacture high volumes through our plant. It does take a few quarters to get through. And those revenues are challenging in regards to the margins. During the tooling phase that it scale up and get into commercial phase, it goes actually well. Weve typically seen the commercial and for the contract manufacturing business unit. So that is correct, Arnie.
Unidentified Analyst: So you should see a pretty nice improvement in the margin next year as is just from tooling to outright manufacturing?
Eric Green: Well see an incremental improvement in contract manufacturing into next year. And then I just want remind you that about third of that business is consumer goods, which is somewhat soft in that segment. And while the pharma and med device diagnostic space is pretty robust. So, we see that continued trend and thats where our team is focused at this point.
Unidentified Analyst: At this time of the year, typically you have a number of your more sizable multiyear contracts that come up for renewal. Could you comment on that? And given all the volatility in oil and raw materials, how you expect that to impact your pricing going forward?
Eric Green: Right now, just quickly Arnie, on agreements. As youre right, were growing throughout the year. We continuously have conversations with customers. There has been really no change in cadence and how we have those conversations. And so we dont expect any variation up or down based on what were seeing with our agreements. Bill, do you want to comment real quick on the raw materials?
Bill Federici: Raw material prices continued to behave -- you know that our main component of our rubber formulations is a derivative of oil. And oil prices have ticked up a little bit during the year, but not tremendously. So, we dont see any measure surprise. And we dont believe that there will be any major change in the price of oil into the foreseeable future. The Japanese yen purchases raw materials are an issue and well continue to do so into 2017.
Unidentified Analyst: Two more real quick ones, if I can. You have been asked several times about the five year shifting to four year reiteration. My recollection was your compensation on the long-term incentive plan used to be driven by the five-year plan. Did that changed in the last year or so?
Eric Green: No, Arnie, thats still consistent. And we are looking at three year CAGR on revenue and ROAC targets while three year out for our long-term incentive plan, thats correct.
Unidentified Analyst: And my final question, I know, youre constricted by a lot of agreements with what you can say about actual individual drugs that are in development or where your products are embedded in the system. But maybe in total you could speak about the number of drugs that have been approved using either SmartDose or CZ, or alternatively the numbers that are in Phase 3 testing, because that will drive your growth for '17, '18 and well beyond. Maybe you could help us find the total on those?
Eric Green: Yes, Arnie, you are right. In terms of what has been approved and what weve communicated, there are three modalities of CZ thats been approved now in the commercial markets. And I would say in the last quarter we have the announcement apparently with Amgen on the SmartDose. In regards to the pipeline, we can't give granularity. We do not give granularity on what's in the pipeline. But at this point we do have, as I mentioned earlier, we have double-digits number of development agreements in regards to our self-injection systems. And in that well continue to see interest in the CZ platform.
Unidentified Analyst: And your facility in Arizona will be able to handle the volume if you get the demand, are you...
Eric Green: Thats correct. The facility has been approved, and it's been honoured it, and we are actually manufacturing SmartDose devices out of Arizona today. We are able to handle demand requirements over the next couple of years.
Operator: And we have a follow-up question from Larry Solow with CJS Securities. Your line is now open.
Larry Solow: Just real quickly on obviously the whole high-value product portfolios continue to expand. Just any particular color just on some of your two newer more comprehensive offerings, particularly NovaPure, which helps the client throughout the process and maybe with the acceleration approvals from some of these smaller companies that may need this more any thoughts on that, and how trends are going there? Thanks.
Eric Green: Larry, the trend on NovaPure, the whole portfolio is very positive. In fact the thesis around that was around quality by design and were seeing that, the adoption. Youre right Virgin Biotech has been very interested because of the documentation trail and capabilities to provide the highest grade product in this space. Well often to know -- I do mentioned that, were also seeing the interest in uptick with our large biotech customers. So thats not just only emerging biotech play, but it's also been adopted by our larger customers. It's early stages, and as you are seeing with the high value product portfolio. But thats the strength of the portfolio and the focus around innovation and technology. They are looking at continuously expanding new innovative products into these portfolios of high value products and continuously reacting to our customers needs.
Operator: And our next question is from Dana Walker with Kalmar Investments. Your line is now open.
Dana Walker: Could you gentlemen talk about, aside from CZ, what you buy that is yen denominated?
Eric Green: So, we have a partnership with Daikyo. And we represent we have -- and this is a 40 plus year old relationship, very strong relationship. We represent some of their components outside of Japan, in the Japanese market. So, when we work with customers, we obviously have the West portfolio. But the Daikyo complements quite nicely and we are working with our customers and delivering the Daikyo components to our customers. So, youre right, outside of the CZ arena.
Bill Federici: And we also have -- we buy rubber components from Daikyo the floor tech stock, et cetera. So, there is both of raw material component and a representing Daikyo from a sales perspective.
Dana Walker: Do you have any ability with either -- I presume what we need to be customer arrangement to where you can true-up the economics for you. Or do you just have to take it as is?
Bill Federici: We dont talk about the individual customer agreements, Dana. But what we try to do in that regard is we will try to hedge some of our exposure through the normal hedging activities that we have for transactional exposures, like we do on the euro and some of the other things we have.
Dana Walker: But hedging would more smooth reality rather than try to comport reality to an economic margin based on a change in procurement price?
Bill Federici: And as you know, currency fluctuate Dana, a few years ago we were benefiting from the yen. Now we happen in the third quarter, we took it really on the chin and looks like the fourth quarter will be the same as I said $0.03 impact is expected in the fourth quarter. But, no, we understand your comments and we take it into our guidance, and thats about what we can do.
Dana Walker: And an update on some of the megatrends that have been helping injectable products and how theyre touching you like with vaccines and diabetes care as for instance?
Eric Green: Dana, one of the big drivers is around the biologics space. And if you look at, first of all, hearing from our customers but also available data, such as offered by the IMS, we really focused on the volume component, not the end sales of the drug in the marketplace. And what were seeing is the volume increase in biologic drug is around high single-digits. And the outlook is still remains very positive. So, again this is all about the uptick on higher quality materials that are used to contain biologics and for Ministry of Injectable Medicines. I think in the generic space, were seeing a positive trend to more branded drugs that would be going into generic space. And because of the speed of the markets and that trend and also there is higher degree of quality requirements from the FDA and other regulatory bodies, that we play very nicely with our high-value product portfolio. So, the market trends really havent changed from last year when we talked, it's playing out as we anticipated.
Dana Walker: So like diabetes and the increased use of vaccines. So, were subtext drivers to West demand profile. Would you say that that continues to be so or are they moderating in the rated growth?
Eric Green: Dana, I think youre right. The diabetes market is always looking at new innovations. First of all, we are currently working with the diabetes market major players from two angles. One is, in our core business with the high value products, some of the elastomers and steel, but also with the delivery devices that are yet owned by the diabetes companies. We remain actually with contract manufacturing business. So we are positioned well in that area. And as new innovations present themselves, were also very well positioned from both front, one contract manufacturing but also with the primary container of the drugs.
Dana Walker: Final question relates to Ireland. One presumes that when you open in Ireland, that your currency matching in having euro based costs to service euro based revenue will rise. So that your sensitivity to changes in the euro will become more translational rather than transactional, and it will be less translational than they were.
Bill Federici: Not sure that I agree 100%. Dana, I understand what youre saying. We will increase now the activity in Ireland. We have sales out, none of the activity today. That activity will be naturally hedged as you said a lot of the costs and the revenues will be in euros. There will be a translation impact as we bring those local currencies back into U.S. dollars for reporting purposes.
Dana Walker: I wanted to be corrected. It feels good.
Eric Green: Thanks Dana.
Quintin Lai: Operator, we have time for one last question.
Operator: Our final question is from Dave Windley with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Dave Windley: I wanted to follow-up on some of the growth trends in your release, and Im sure you talked about in prepared remarks. But organic proprietary product growth in the 11.5% range and then you detail out by in-customer segment. Two of those three are below 11.5%. So Im inferring that your biologics market growth that double-digit is a humble way to describe growth. And it must be at least high-teens. Is that fair, first of all?
Eric Green: I think, Dave, when you take a look at year-to-date, lets start with the year-to-date number. Both biologics and generics are in the mid-to-high teens. And so that has been driving the year-to-date performance. Quarter-to-quarter is does fluctuate a little more in the generic space. But we do see some fluctuations. I think when you look at Q3, in specific, biologics was very strong and generics was in the high singles. So, you can see the math how that works.
Dave Windley: So appreciate thats moving, so kind of think of those as mid to high teens year-to-date, and I guess youve little bit better sense of trend. And then on two part here two part thought process. High value product offerings growing 25% in the quarter, which is really strong certainly congratulations on that, and even a little acceleration from 2Q, I believe. And I guess, I was wondering how we should think about the incremental margin benefit from that. It didnt look to be quite as much as maybe youve seen in the past, or as much as I might have calculated. Is that a function of maybe some of the currency headwinds that are mitigating that, or what might be other factors that I should take into account?
Eric Green: Dave, sort of the couple components, one is just to reiterate. We did have our typical seasonal shutdown but we did it last year, so it's not in much variation, thats very good point there. And you talked about absorption and utilization. But when you look at excluding the impact of the FX transaction exposure, particularly when you look at the yen, our consolidated gross margin expansion would have been 180 basis-points versus the 70 basis-points that we reported. So this is a prime example when you look at the leverage that we can achieve when we have strong HPP adoption and sales growth.
Operator: And I am showing no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference over Quintin Lai for closing remarks.
Quintin Lai: Thank you everyone for participating on the call. An online broadcast, archive of the broadcast, will be available on our Web site here later today. It's also available to dial in through Thursday, November 3rd, and the call information is in the press release. Thank you and have a nice day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Quintin Lai - Vice President, Corporate Development, Strategy & Investor Relations Eric Green - President & Chief Executive Officer William Federici - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Bill Marsh - Janney Montgomery Scott Tim Evans - Wells Fargo Securities Juan Avendano - Bank of America Merrill Lynch David Windley - Jefferies & Company Larry Solow - CJS Securities
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 2016 West Pharmaceutical Services Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today, Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Quintin Lai. Please go ahead, sir.
Quintin Lai: Thank you, Andrew. Good morning and welcome to West's second quarter 2016 conference call. We issued our financial results this morning and the release has been posted in the investor section on the company's website located at www.westpharma.com. This morning, CEO Eric Green and CFO Bill Federici will review our results, provide an update on our business, and provide an updated financial outlook for the full year 2016. There's a slide presentation that accompanies today's conference call and a copy of that presentation is also available on the investor section of our website. Going to slide 2, theres a Safe Harbor statement. Statements made by management on this call and in the presentation will contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of US federal securities laws and that are based on management's beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. Many of the factors that will determine the company's future results are beyond the ability of the company to control or predict. These statements are subject to known or unknown risks or uncertainties, and therefore actual results could differ materially from past results and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement. For a nonexclusive list of factors which could cause actual results to differ from expectations, please refer to todays press release as well as any further disclosure the company makes on related subjects in the companys 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports. In addition, during today's call, management will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures, including sales at constant currency, adjusted operating profit, adjusted operating profit margin and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in this morning's earnings release. Id now turn the call over to West's President and CEO, Eric Green.
Eric Green: Thank you, Quintin. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. As we stated in our press release, we had another solid quarter and are well positioned for the remainder of the year. Looking at our financial performance, the company generated reported second quarter sales of $388 million, on a constant currency sales growth of 8.2%. The growth was broad based across all market units and geographies. Adjusted operating margin was 15.4%, equaling the record high we set last quarter and 150 basis points better than the prior year quarter. All of this led to Q2 adjusted diluted EPS of $0.59, which is a 26% increase over the prior year quarter. I am pleased with how our market-led strategy is taking shape. The key pillars of that strategy are customer experience, operational excellence and product and service expansion. And I'll be highlighting in my remarks several activities that our commercial, global operations and innovation and technology teams are executing. Turning the slide 4, looking at our sales performance, we had solid contribution from both of our segments. Sales of proprietary products grew 8.9% organically, driven by double digit growth in generics and high single digit growth in biologics and pharma. Our high-value product portfolio which represents over 50% of segment sales grew 17% organically. Similar to the trends last quarter, we experienced strong customer demand across the high-value products spectrum, particularly for Westar products, Daikyo components, FluroTec products and increasing adoption of NovaPure offerings that ensure the highest standards of quality and performance. Contract-manufactured products, which represents about 20% of overall sales, grew 5.1% organically, an uptick from the first quarter growth level. Sales of drug delivery and diagnostic products more than offset continued softness in consumer products. We have good momentum heading into the second half of 2016 as our teams are ramping up tooling activities to support additional projects that will commence in Q4 later this year and into 2017. We have stated that a key strategy for the company is to become even more market-facing and improve customer experience. A key initiative in commercial is to engage with customers to provide them with valuable technical and scientific information in support of the selection and use of drug containment and delivery systems. During this quarter, West focused on providing this technical engagement in the fast-growing Asia-Pacific region. We held several seminars in China and India, with more than 200 customers in attendance, providing insights about market trends, challenges in selecting containment solutions for injectable medicine and strategies for selecting prefilled delivery systems for best patient outcomes. I am pleased on how our commercial organization is engaging with our customers and creating value. Turning to global operations on slide 5, we generated a gross profit margin of 34.4%, a new record high and an increase of 160 basis points from the last year. In addition to product mix shift to high-value products with expanded margins, we made good progress with our manufacturing throughput and improved efficiencies through lean initiatives across our global network. Over the course of the second quarter, I visited 13 locations across Asia, Europe, South America and the United States and I'm pleased on how our market-led strategy and key initiatives are being embraced and implemented throughout our operations. In fact, I had the opportunity to see firsthand how we drive operational excellence in our plants to continuously improve safety, quality, delivery and cost. I want to share a few areas that our global operations team is focused on and the results we are seeing. The first is quality. As you know, we place a high emphasis on working with our customers to address their quality needs. As a result of our initiatives, we have reduced out-of-spec products by more than 33% year over year. To dimension this achievement, of the 32 billion components that our proprietary segment sells each year, we have achieved an out-of-specification metric of well under 100 parts per 1 billion sold. Needless to say, quality remains a key differentiator for West and we continue to raise the bar. As we stated in the last quarter's call, our global operations has been working to reduce order lead times to our customers. We're now seeing shorter lead times across our network and as a consequence our backlog is down from peak Q1 levels. We expect further lead time improvements in the back half of the year and a reduction of year over year backlog growth which will better match our core demand. During my travels, I also visited our state-of-the-art facility now under construction in Waterford, Ireland. The project remains on-time and within budget. As you can see from this recent photo, phase one includes this impressive building in the foreground, which will house new capacity to manufacture CD material for cartridges used within insulin pen injector systems, expected to be online for commercial sales in early 2018. Turning to slide 6, earlier this month, Amgen announced that it received FDA approval of its Repatha drug for use with our SmartDose technology platform. I'm proud of our innovation and technology team for achieving this milestone. Our team continues to work with Amgen as they prepare for an August commercial launch in the US. For West, this marks just the beginning for our integrated injectable drug delivery strategy. When you look at Amgens monthly dosing system for Repatha, you see a product combining several of our proprietary containment and delivery technologies. We continue to see strong interest by our customers in our on-body drug delivery technology, including several customers that are currently evaluating SmartDose. Repatha also marks the third FDA approved use of Crystal Zenith containment technology over the last 12 months. We continue to work with several customers to test CZ technology with their drugs in formal stability studies and are working with numerous customers that are conducting early stage evaluations. Turning to slide 7, I want to highlight a new product line thats important to our customers success. While SmartDose and Crystal Zenith get a lot of attention, the vast majority of our sales and products come from our components business. And this business has been growing as we continue to introduce new high-value products to meet our customers needs for high quality [intervenic] containment and delivery of their important drugs. The newest member of our high-value product family is the 1-3mL NovaPure Plunger. Were seeing a trend towards larger volume injections beyond typical 1 mL applications, especially for new biologic therapies in auto injectors. We have introduced a new 1-3mL Plunger developed using quality by design principles. The NovaPure platform is the highest standard of quality in our portfolio. Turning to slide 8 and the outlook for the balance of 2016, our teams have responded well to the realignment of our organization at the start of the year and have embraced our market-led strategy. We have two good quarters under our belt and we're well positioned as we enter the second half of the year. Therefore, we are raising our organic sales growth outlook for the year to 7% to 9% compared to a prior outlook of 6% to 8%. We're also raising the lower end of our adjusted EPS guidance range, which is now $2.15 to $2.25, an increase over prior year of 17% to 23%. Now, Ill turn it over to Bill Federici, our CFO, who will provide more color on our financial performance. Bill?
William Federici: Thank you, Eric, and good morning everyone. We issued our second quarter results this morning, reporting net income of $44.7 million or $0.60 per diluted share. Our reported results this quarter include $0.01 per diluted share reversal of a portion of our previously provided restructuring reserve. Excluding this restructuring activity, our adjusted earnings per diluted share was $0.59 this quarter, $0.12 above the $0.47 per adjusted diluted share earned in the second quarter of 2015. Turning to sales, slide 10 shows the components of our consolidated sales increase. Our consolidated second quarter sales of $388 million increased by 7.9% versus our second quarter 2015 sales. Excluding the $1.2 million adverse currency effect, our Q2 2016 sales increase increased by 8.2%. Proprietary net sales increased 8.9% versus the same quarter 2015, excluding exchange. Sales price increases accounted for 1.1 percentage points of this sales increase and the favorable mix of products sold and volume increases contributed the remainder of the increase. Sales of our high-value products rose 16.6% versus the prior year second quarter. Current quarter HVP sales as a percentage of total proprietary products sales increased by 3 percentage points versus a year ago. We continue to see strong customer demand for our product offerings that meet our customers high quality expectations. The combined Q2 revenues from CZ and SmartDose of approximately $5 million was $3 million less than the combined 2015 Q2 sales, reflecting the lumpiness of customer sampling demand. Contract-manufactured net sales increased by 5.1% versus the prior year quarter, ex currency. As provided on slide 11, our consolidated gross profit margin for Q2 2016 was 34.4% versus the 32.8% margin we achieved in the second quarter of 2015. Proprietary second quarter gross margin of 38.5% was 1.5 margin points higher than the 37% achieved in the second quarter of 2015. The increase in gross margin was due to modest price increases, the favorable mix of sales and lower raw material costs, offset by normal inflationary increases in labor and overhead. Contract-manufactured second quarter gross margin increased by 1.2 margin points to 17.6% due to the favorable mix of products sold and volume increases, offset by higher labor and increased overhead cost associated with new capabilities supporting contract-manufacturing customer programs. As reflected on slide 12, Q2 2016 consolidated SG&A expense increased by $1.7 million versus the prior year quarter. [Merit related] increases in compensation costs and higher pension expenses were partially offset by lower stock and incentive comp cost. As a percentage of sales, second quarter 2016 SG&A expense was 16.1% versus 16.9% in the second quarter of 2015. Slide 13 shows our key cash flow and balance sheet metrics. Our year to date operating cash flow is $3.6 million above what we generated in the first six months of 2015, due primarily to our higher earnings and lower current year pension plan funding. Our capital spending was $74 million for the first six months of 2016, approximately $17 million more than at this time in 2015. We expect to spend $150 million to $175 million in capital in 2016. Approximately 50% of planned capital spending is dedicated to new products and expansion initiatives, including approximately $60 million for the construction of our new Waterford facility. Our balance sheet continues to be strong and we're confident that our business will provide necessary future liquidity. Our cash balance at June 30 of $203 million was $70 million less than our December 2015 balance. The decrease reflects the February 2016 $68 million payment at maturity of our euro B notes. Additionally, we have made $17 million of purchases under our stock buyback program. Debt at June 30 of $231 million was $67 million less than at year end, reflecting the euro B notes repayment. Our net debt to total invested capital ratio at quarter end was 2.5%. Working capital of approximately $420 million at June 30 was $60 million higher than at year end. The majority of the increase is due to increases in our accounts receivable and inventory balances. Looking ahead, our backlog of committed proprietary product orders was $417 million at June 2016, 20% higher than at June 2015, excluding exchange. However, as expected, the June 2016 backlog is about $30 million less than its January 2016 peak. Based on our year to date 2016 results and our analysis of the orders on hand, we revised our full year 2016 guidance in this morning's release. Our guidance is summarized on slide 14. We believe that 2016 quarterly results for our business will follow historical seasonality wherein results for the third quarter are traditionally lower than the results achieved in our first and second quarters due to customers and our plant summer shutdown. We have raised our proprietary revenue guidance and our expectations for proprietary gross profit margin to reflect the increased demand for our high-value product components. We now expect organic sales growth for the full year 2016 to be in the range of 7% to 9%. Our revised guidance also reflects a reduction of contract- manufactured products gross profit margin due to a higher percentage of low-margin development [indiscernible] anticipation of future commercial orders and less labor and overhead absorption in contract-manufactured plant due to the timing of customer programs. Other items affecting our revised EPS guidance are increased SG&A spending to support our growing business and a higher share count driven by increased option exercise activity. We now expect full year adjusted diluted EPS to be in the range of $2.15 to $2.25. We've based our guidance on an exchange rate of $1.12 per euro, which is the same rate used in our prior guidance. Id now like to turn the call back over to Eric Green. Eric?
Eric Green: Great, thank you, Bill. In conclusion, we delivered another solid quarter with momentum for the balance of the year. Our teams are making progress executing on our growth strategy and more importantly the feedback from customers has been extremely positive. We believe we are building on a position of strength, continuing to deliver value for our customers and for our shareholders. Andrew, were ready to take questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And I'm sure we have a question or comment coming from the line of Paul Knight from Janney.
Bill Marsh: This is actually Bill on behalf of Paul. First question, you kind of highlighted the market-led strategy. How has that maybe helped your conversations with customers? And then specifically looking at the growth that you're seeing in generics, how are their demands different from some of the other customers and how do you migrate them up towards high-value products?
Eric Green: Absolutely. So the market-led approach [indiscernible] traction in the conversations we are having with our customers. Just to reiterate, we have aligned our commercial organization really around the generics, the biologics, pharma and we also have contract- manufacturing. And what were identifying is were creating value proposition that allow our product portfolio to be better aligned to the customer needs. A great example was the recent launch of the 1-3mL NovaPure Plunger, which clearly supports the biologics customer base with the need of larger volume for injectable medicine in auto injectors. So we're seeing good traction. I would also articulate, Id say that the teams are more focused on getting more insight information from the customers on the needs, which really lends itself into your second question about generics. One thing that we're learning about generics is that the need of high-value products is actually more important than we originally thought because we have a team that is just dedicated for generics are having conversations with the customers on a daily basis. What we're seeing is the growth in generics is really driven by the high-value product portfolio which obviously is higher margin, higher sales and longer stickiness. And the reason for that, the fundamental reason is speed to market. They're looking to get their drug on the market fast and the high-value product portfolio allows them to get approval by the regulatory bodies faster than just the standard products. So that's a good example on this new market-led approach and the traction that we're gaining in the marketplace.
Bill Marsh: And then just a follow-up, looking at the improvement in gross margins, if you look at the bridge, 80 basis points is from kind of lean initiatives it seems, what's driving that improvement? And as we think about margin expansion opportunities at West, how should we maybe think about efficiencies versus volume and mix?
Eric Green: Ill start with the first section and have Bill Federici add some more color. So when you look at  we made a change, West has a very strong manufacturing footprint globally with 28 sites around the world. But the one change we made in the early part of the year is we actually pulled together the global operations under one team. And what we're experiencing at this point it is a concerted effort and focus around lean initiatives. And so to give you an example, our contract manufacturing business for several years has been really driving lean principles. We actually are taking those concepts and start spreading it globally to our sites. I mentioned earlier I had the opportunity to travel to all our  most of our locations around the world. In Europe, one of the most impressive changes I've noticed over the last year is that when you go to the different plants, there's really clear initiative to drive continuous improvement which is driving costs out of the system. So I think youre going to continue to see opportunities for us to expand margins, not just product mix and a little bit of price, but really its going to come from lean principles and make sure it's part of our DNA going forward at West. Bill?
William Federici: I agree with everything Eric said, Bill. And just to put a little more flavor around it, efficiencies are important and we will continue to see, as Eric said, margin expansion coming from that. But as a reminder, our growth equation is predominantly a mix equation right now. We have a little bit of price helping the margin, a big lift coming from not only introduction of new products that are requiring our high-value products especially from the biologics area, but as Eric said earlier, the migration from standard product to high-value products coming from our generics customers. We really see that as being the number one driver of the margin expansion going forward being augmented by good efficiency and lean in our plants.
Operator: And our next question or comment comes from the line of Tim Evans with Wells Fargo Securities.
Tim Evans: Bill, I think earlier in the year, you kind of said that you were targeting $40 million-ish for Crystal Zenith and SmartDose in the year. Does your early experience with the product that was approved give you comfort in that target?
William Federici: Yes, absolutely, Tim. Were seeing that while the quarter itself was short of last year's second quarter for CZ and SmartDose, that's the nature of our business right now, most of it being of a sampling origin. But as we continue to look at the backlog of committed orders from our one customer on SmartDose as well as those other customers for CZ and some development activity that we have relative to the two, both SmartDose and CZ, we feel comfortable in that $40 million target.
Tim Evans: And the second one was on, I guess there was a little bit of a reversal of your restructuring charge from Q1, what should we read into that? Are you just excited to do a little less or whats going on there?
William Federici: It's accounting, I hate to be an accountant and have to explain something like this. But you know the way the accounting works, at the beginning of the plan, once the plan is approved and you have site to the plan, you disclose the entire plan, but you're only allowed to take the income statement charges as it relates to the actual activity happening. So severance for instance, you take that, we set up a provision at the first quarter reflecting what our guesstimate was at that based on the activity that we had. And in one of our geographic locations, the actual number of persons that are affected by this has gone down slightly due to: one, some people left on their own accord; and two, we have in certain locations, you have the knock-on effect where a senior person can displace someone below them and end up with less severance for us. So bottom line is it's an accounting enigma that we had a reversal of a provision that was set before. We will have [indiscernible] we said it before, we will have additional expenses that we will provide for in Q3 and Q4 as we continue to progress the restructuring plan.
Tim Evans: And then the last one, your tax rate for the first half of the year has been fairly materially below your guidance for the full year which suggests that there's going to be a pretty meaningful step up in the back half, is that the correct interpretation?
William Federici: No, I think what we should take into it is that we believe that the [management rate] that is the rate without all of the special charges for restructuring et cetera and benefits from those will be in that 28%, 28.5% range. And the increase from the prior year is really reflective of an increase in the geographic mix of earnings. So we're earning more money in places like the US and Germany and we will continue to do so, basically driven by high-value products. And that we believe our best guess at this point in time is 28.5% for the rest of the year.
Tim Evans: For the rest of the year, not the full year?
William Federici: For the full year.
Operator: And our next question or comment comes from the line of Derik DeBruin with Bank of America.
Juan Avendano: This is Juan Avendano on behalf of Derik. Congrats on the quarter and on the approval of the first drug with the SmartDose. And so I actually wanted to start with the SmartDose. I dont know if you could provide a comment, an update on the next generation SmartDose, the one that comes with the prefilled syringe, any customer feedback and any potential timeline of anybody or any customer starting potential studies with it?
Eric Green: So were in early stages of development at this point with the next generation with customers. Id tell you it is on schedule. What we're seeing is an increased interest to have a device that is pre-fill, two components, and were having several discussions with our customers. So the interest level is good. But I would say that were on schedule and it's going to take a few years before we start seeing uptick with this next generation.
Juan Avendano: And if I may go back to the first question regarding the market-led strategy, so in this quarter, if I compare the growth rates that you experienced particularly in pharma and generics, they were higher than the long term growth rates that would have been expected based on your 2016 Analyst Day this year. So generics did double digits as opposed to like the long term expectation of mid to high single digits and pharma did high single digits versus low to mid single digits. And so my question is now that you've had this market-led strategy for a few months, has there been a change towards a more improved outlook on these markets in the long term?
Eric Green: No, I wouldnt say there's been a change. I think what you're seeing is little bit of a variance between quarter to quarter. But if you look at the full year, in particular 2016, we feel good about looking at double digit growth both on generics and biologics units and mid single for our pharma. In addition, just to add on to that, our contract manufacturing, as weve said, is picking up momentum, we believe mid single for contract manufacturing also. So it's a little bit of a variance between quarter to quarter. We have good line of sight with our customers. I think the market-led approach has given us better visibility on demand, future demand and therefore our confidence level is rising.
Operator: And our next question or comment comes from the line of Dave Windley with Jefferies.
David Windley: Juan took one part of my SmartDose question; the other part was just customer response. Now that you've gotten the kind of the headline of an approval, what kind of reaction from the customer base have you seen on the heels of that, if any?
Eric Green: I think the way to address that is that once the announcement came out there's been an increase of conversations with key customers. What we've learned in our business over the years is that once you have approval on new technology or even new components, the interest level goes up. So we're seeing an increase in interest for both SmartDose and CZ and we believe will continue to go forward as this product launches.
David Windley: Have you quantified and if not can you quantify what you expect your, call it, stable revenue or run rate revenue for SmartDose supply for this most recent approval would be? I guess there are some contingent factors there.
William Federici: Dave, we're under a confidentiality agreement with our customers. So we don't talk about volumes.
David Windley: Are the two approvals of CZ products trending in line with expectations?
Eric Green: Yes, they are in line with expectations and also where we are in stages of various stability tests that are going on right now. We think the pipeline is strong and in line consistent to what we've communicated.
David Windley: Shifting to facilities, Eric, you talked about the 28 facilities in lean manufacturing and then there was also Tims question on tax rates. So I'm curious about looking at the slide with Waterford on and you say construction is on track, I guess I'm curious about how completion of that facility happens, I think there's some activity already ongoing there perhaps and then how you migrate business into Ireland in a way that will re-route or redirect profitability of the company into your Irish operations that would then flow through to tax rates, so kind of multi-faceted question there.
Eric Green: Dave, thats a good point. So we're really focusing on creating centers of excellence especially around our high-value products portfolio. And in Europe we have selected, while we do manufacture in Germany, in France and a few other locations of our high-value product portfolio, were focusing to concentrate the next generation, next level of quality out of our Waterford facility. To start with, we are going to be manufacturing and we haven't started by the way, just construction commenced, premise completed, and we'll be doing testing for our customers in 2017 with first commercial dollars in early 2018. But it's really around the [indiscernible] the first phase. And then the second phase we will be starting to put in more high-value products finishing. And that allows us to move commercial revenues through that entity going forward. I'll let Bill comment on implications on the taxes.
William Federici: So I think Dave the key point that Eric made is important is that this is really driven by the customer demand for higher-quality products. So we are putting the centers of excellence in, first one to be in Ireland and we think there will be one maybe in Singapore will allow us to meet the high level demands of our customers for higher-quality product. And yes, we will be  as new customers come on and once that facility is up and running which probably won't be until 2019, 2020 timeframe, so we're talking way out there, there will be revenues that will be naturally recorded in that country. There will be an ancillary benefit of having the corporate tax rate there is 12.5% as you know, which is less than our global rate and certainly less than the US. But the primary focus of those centers of excellence again is to drive a high-quality product and be able to meet those very, very high quality demands from our customers. And lastly, this tax impact that you're talking about won't take effect until we actually have commercial revenues, which wouldn't even start until 2018.
David Windley: So gaining that out, youve got testing in 2017, commercial revenue in 2018, building that up and then would it be right to think that you don't really visit a tax strategy behind that that would be kind of a lagging activity relative to the ramp of the revenue?
William Federici: Absolutely, absolutely. So as the revenue ramps, I think it's actually corollary, right, as the revenue ramps, we believe it will be our highest value products being pushed through that plant because that's what the customers demand and therefore higher profits, lower tax, should generate a lower tax rate on that.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question or comment comes from the line of Larry Solow with CJS Securities.
Larry Solow: I joined a little late, juggling between a couple of calls, so Im not sure if this question was asked. But just on the  I noticed you guys on your prepared remarks talked about certainly the initiatives to improve throughput and reduce the lead times is certainly starting to gain some traction. Can you just sort of give us an update on where you stand, is there still a lot more low-hanging fruit or improvement you expect over the next couple of quarters? And just backlog number of 20%, could you sort of maybe guesstimate where it would be without the sort of earlier ordering or increased ordering earlier on?
Eric Green: Let me start by saying that with these lean initiatives, I mean we're obviously pushing to be part of the, I call the DNA of the organization, so we're really focusing on especially in our high-value product manufacturing plants, identify and decouple some of the processes so we can be more efficient with the assets we currently have on the ground. So it is really driving that mindset around ROIC, looking at delivery times for our customers. And so were seeing early signs of success, but this is a journey. It's going to take some time, but I think there's opportunities as we look at our facilities around the world. And I think as we talked a little bit earlier about our center of excellence concept, now we have a great opportunity to make sure that the processes we put into Waterford are the leading cutting edge that gives us the efficiencies, the highest quality and service, and also quality and service to our customers. So we have room for opportunities to continue to improve, Larry. I think Bill if you want to touch here?
William Federici: Sure. On the current backlog situation, you're absolutely right, Larry. It has come down from the peak, January peak was about $450 million, its about $30 million less than that now. So we are seeing good progress as Eric mentioned along that curve, but there is still room to run. We are seeing the desired effect of customers not having to place orders as far in advance as there has been which caused that backlog to increase. So we expect that this number will continue to go down. So as we see anniversarying comparing it to the prior year, we'll see the growth number come down the growth over the prior year and sequentially we think we will actually see the dollar amount of the backlog come down. What that exact number is, Larry, is very, very difficult to tell. As weve said in the past, it really depends on a number of things, when the customer places the order, each year a customer may have different things going on in their own shop. They may have been looking at some kind of change in their own product portfolio and therefore maybe ordering in advance or waiting to order further later. So it really is a customer by customer analysis. We can say anecdotally that we know that it's higher than it should be, but an exact number to put on it to suggest what the right number is a guess. And I would say thats somewhere in the mid to high $300 million would be where I would place a normal amount of backlog for our proprietary products.
Larry Solow: I appreciate that. And I realize it's a challenge and somewhat of a guess. Just lastly on  I know you tweaked your gross margin expectations I guess or consolidated remain the same and proprietary a little higher and I assume that's just getting better traction and better sales in the high-value product. The tweak down on the contract manufacturing side, is that just some temporary inefficiencies and I realize thats relatively a small number on the tweak down on the gross margin, but any color there would be great.
William Federici: Its what you said. It's really reflective of  its such a small number. When you have tooling and development revenues which is what we expect to come in the back half of them, you'll see a less of a margin on those. You don't get the same margin you would on a commercial product. But the good news is that that's a, what we believe and anticipation of actual commercial orders increasing for those customers since they're doing development activities with us. So while it does have the effect of less overhead absorption and therefore lower margin, we believe that its still a positive. We still feel very comfortable with the mid single growth rate for the contract-manufactured product business and we believe that their margins will continue to grow due to a mix shift and lean.
Operator: And at this time, I'm showing no further questions or comments. So with that said, I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Quintin Lai for closing remarks.
Quintin Lai: Thank you for being on this call and on the webcast. An online archive of the broadcast will be available on our website three hours after this call and the replay instructions are in the press release. Thank you and have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Eric Green - President, Chief Executive Officer William Federici - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Quintin Lai - Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Bill March - Janney Montgomery  Larry Solow - CJS Securities Jerry - Jefferies Sara Silverman - Wells Fargo Juan Avendano - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the First Quarter 2016 West Pharmaceuticals Services Earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session and instructions will follow at that time. If anyone should require operator assistance, please press the star then the zero key on your touchtone telephone. As a reminder, this call may be recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays conference, Mr. Quintin Lai, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Quintin Lai: Thank you, Christie. Good morning and welcome to Wests first quarter 2016 conference call. We issued our financial results this morning and the release has been posted in the Investors section on the companys website located at www.westpharma.com. This morning CEO Eric Green and CFO Bill Federici will review our results, will provide an update on the business and provided an updated outlook and expectations for the full year. Theres a slide presentation that accompanies todays conference call and you can find it on the Presentation Materials section of the Investors section of our website. Turning to Slide 2, this is our Safe Harbor statement. Statements made by management on this call and in the presentation will contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. federal securities laws. These statements are based on managements beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. Many of the factors that will determine the companys future results are beyond the ability of the company to control or predict. These forward-looking statements are subject to known or unknown risks or uncertainties and therefore actual results could differ materially from past results and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement. For a non-exclusive list of factors which could cause actual results to differ from expectations, please refer to the annual report on Form 10-K most recently filed with the SEC, as well as todays press release. In addition, during todays call management will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures, including sales at constant currency, adjusted operating profit, and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in this mornings earnings release. I now turn the call over to Wests President and Chief Executive Officer, Eric Green.
Eric Green: Great, thank you Quintin. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us this morning. Q1 was a solid quarter. Were off to a good start to the year. Our team delivered strong results while executing on our market-led growth strategy focused on customer experience, operational excellence, and product and service differentiation. Looking at our financial performance, the company generated overall organic sales growth of 10.5%. This result was across all customer groups and geographies. Gross margin in the quarter was 34%, a new record high and 130 basis points better than prior year quarter. Adjusted operating margin was 15.4%, also a record high and 120 basis points better than prior year quarter. All this led to Q1 adjusted diluted EPS of $0.53, which is an 18% increase over the prior year quarter despite a $0.02 currency headwind. Excluding that impact, adjusted diluted EPS would have grown by 24%. Turning to Slide 4, at the start of the year we implemented our market-led growth strategy by aligning our organization into two business segments, proprietary products and contract manufactured products. Proprietary products, which represent about 80% of overall sales, includes the former PPS segment as well as proprietary devices such as Daikyo Crystal Zenith containers, SmartDose wearable injectors, and Medimop administration systems. Within proprietary products, we have increased our focus on three market groups: biologics, generics, and pharma, and by aligning our commercial organization into each of these three groups, we are better able to address the specific needs and challenges of our customers in each market.  Sales of proprietary products grew 13% organically, driven by strong double-digit growth in biologics and generics and with mid-single digit growth in pharma. Our high-value product portfolio, which represents over 50% of segment sales, grew 22% organically. We saw strong customer demand across the high-value products, particularly for our higher performance FluroTec products, ready-to-sterilize and ready-to-use Westar products, Daikyo components, and increasing adoption of NovaPure offerings that ensure the highest standards of quality. Were also pleased with the strong double-digit growth achieved in administration systems and CZ containers.  Contract manufactured products, which represent about 20% of overall sales, grew 1.4% organically led by customers ordering in core drug delivery and diagnostic systems. As we have mentioned in the past, the contract manufacturing segment can be affected by customer timing of orders, and this quarter was impacted by a couple of delayed orders. For the full year, we continue to expect contract manufacturing to grow in the mid single digits with increasing demand for diabetes care products, including components for insulin pens and glucose monitoring devices.  I had the pleasure of attending a customer focus panel a few weeks ago after our reorganization was announced. It was great to hear the positive customer feedback that the new market-focused organization is better aligned to address in a more timely fashion the specific issues. The feedback from our customers is a reaffirmation that were on the right journey and is providing good insight on how the whole organization - commercial, global operations, and innovation and technology - can better serve them in the future. Turning to our focus to operational excellence on Slide 5, we made great progress on increasing our manufacturing throughput with lean initiatives. Im proud of our global manufacturing sites as they have responded to the increase in demand for our high-value products portfolio. This has fueled both top line growth as well as provided a lift to our overall gross margin. We continue to make progress on our global footprint by expanding and optimizing our manufacturing capacity as sites such as Kinston, North Carolina and Waterford, Ireland. The construction of our Waterford facility remains on schedule and on budget. We expect to begin installing equipment at the site later this year with customer validation projects starting in early 2017, which keeps us on track for commercial capacity to come online in early 2018. At the end of Q1, our backlog was $437 million, which is 24% growth at constant currency from last year and 5% sequential quarterly growth. As we discussed in the past, this growth is not necessarily a direct indicator for future growth; however, it increases our confidence in our thesis of 6 to 8% overall organic sales growth. Focusing on product and service differentiation on Slide 6, our innovation and technology group also had a good start to 2016. With the announcement that Amgens Imlygic is using break-resistant CZ vials, we have seen increased interest from other companies that are evaluating our CZ containment systems for extreme cold storage. As we outlined at our investor day in New York, we have launched a new generation of seals for [indecipherable] vials to reduce particulates and streamline the sealing process, which increases quality and addresses a pressing issue for our customers. We are in the process of scaling up production for customer trials. We continue to work closely with customers that are evaluating our SmartDose wearable injector using the CZ silicone-free container system. During this quarter, we also announced the development of a more advanced and novel wearable injector leveraging the flexibility of CZ cartridges and FluroTec laminated plungers. Earlier this week, we announced that the company has made an equity investment in NanoPass. NanoPass is a pioneer in the development and commercialization of intradermal delivery systems and collaborates with a variety of vaccine and immunotherapy product developers. This investment fits with our vision of becoming the world leader in integrated containment and delivery of injectable medicines, and lets us build a strong foundation of growth through organic development and collaboration such as the one with NanoPass. We will continue a disciplined M&A approach to add and optimize our portfolio around this strategy to create long-term stakeholder value. As we look at the full year on Slide 7, we remain on track with organic sales growth guidance of 6 to 8%. With a good start to the year, we are raising the lower end of both sales and adjusted EPS guidance. We now expect full-year 2016 adjusted EPS to be in a range of $2.12 to $2.25.  Now I turn it over to Bill Federici, our CFO, who will provide more color on our financial performance. Bill?
William Federici: Thank you, Eric, and good morning everyone. We issued our results this morning, reporting first quarter 2016 earnings of $22.1 million or $0.30 per diluted share versus the $0.45 per diluted share we reported in the first quarter of 2015. Those results are summarized on Slide 8. Excluding the effects on the current quarter of the restructuring charges and the Venezuelan currency devaluation charge, our Q1 2016 adjusted diluted EPS was $0.53, an 18% increase versus the prior year quarter despite the strengthening U.S. dollar, which reduced our adjusted diluted EPS by $0.02. Those non-GAAP measures are described in Slides 15 and 16. Turning to sales, Slide 9 shows the components of our consolidated sales increase. Consolidated first quarter sales were $362.1 million, an increase of 10.5% over first quarter 2015 sales, excluding exchange. Proprietary product sales increased 13% versus the same quarter in 2015, excluding unfavorable exchange effects. Sales price increases in proprietary products were approximately 1.1 percentage points of the sales increase. The favorable mix of products sold and volume increases contributed to the remainder of the sales increase, with our high-value product components and systems increasing 22% versus the prior year first quarter.  The current quarter HVP sales as a percentage of total proprietary sales increased by approximately four percentage points versus the prior year quarter and represented more than 50% of our total proprietary product Q1 2016 sales. CZ and SmartDose sales were $6.7 million in the current quarter versus $5.5 million in the prior year quarter. The rise in HPV sales was expected. Importantly, for the full year of 2016, we expect a high single digit to low double digit growth in high value product component and system sales versus 2015, and full-year consolidated 2016 sales are expected to grow in the 6 to 8% range ex-currency. While we achieved strong Q1 sales growth, we continue to manage the business for the long run and our long-term outlook remains unchanged with high value component and system sales expected to grow high single to low double digits.  Contract manufactured products net sales increased by 1.4% versus the prior year quarter, excluding exchange. A favorable mix of products sold was offset by the pass through to customers of the decrease in plastic resin prices. This quarters growth was adversely impacted by some customer demand delays, but we still expect mid-single digit sales growth for the full year of 2016.  As provided on Slide 10, our consolidated gross profit margin for Q1 16 was 34% versus the 32.7% margin we achieved in the first quarter of 15. Proprietary products first quarter gross margin of 38.8% was 130 basis points higher than the 37.5% achieved in the first quarter of 2015. The increase in gross margin is due to modest price increases, the favorable mix for more HPV sales, and higher plant efficiencies offset by normal inflationary increases in labor and overhead costs. Contract manufactured products first quarter gross margin increased by 30 basis points to 14.7% compared to the prior year quarter. The current quarters higher gross margin is primarily due to favorable mix of products sold offset by normal labor and overhead and cost increases.  As reflected on Slide 11, Q1 2016 consolidated SG&A expense increased by $2.9 million versus the prior year quarter. As a percentage of sales, first quarter 2016 SG&A expense was 16% versus 16.4% in the first quarter of 2015. Pension costs increased by $800,000 in the quarter. Compensation expense and outside services costs also increased during the current quarter. Foreign exchange had a favorable effect, reducing SG&A expenses by $1 million.  Slide 12 shows our key cash flow metrics. Operating cash flow was $3 million for the current quarter, $5 million more than the prior year quarter, reflecting the higher net income before restructuring charges. Our capital spending was $39 million in the current quarter. We expect to spend approximately $150 million to $175 million in capital in 2016. More than half of our planned capital spending is dedicated to new products and expansion initiatives, including approximately $60 million for the construction of the new Waterford facility.  Slide 12 also provides some summary balance sheet information. Our balance sheet continues to be strong and were confident that our business will provide necessary future liquidity. Our cash balance at March 31 of $178 million was $97 million less than our December 2015 balance. Approximately $68 million of the decrease is due to the payment at maturity of our Series B euro notes. During the current quarter, we utilized approximately $9 million of cash to buy back 142,800 shares under our board-authorized program. A large majority of our cash remains invested overseas and is generally not available to be repatriated to the U.S. without incurring tax consequences.  Debt at March 31 of $232 million was $66 million less than at year-end. Our net debt to total invested capital ratio at quarter end was 4.8%. Working capital of $389.6 million at March 31 was $30 million higher than at year-end. The majority of the increase is due to increases in inventory and receivables related to the growth in our business.  Our backlog of committed proprietary product orders of $437 million at March 2016 was 5% higher than at year-end and 24% higher than at March 2015 backlog, excluding exchange. The backlog of committed orders continues to be impacted by our extended lead times for certain high value products.  Based on our Q1 2016 results and our analysis of the orders on hand, we have increased by $0.02 the low end of our full-year 2016 earnings guidance in this mornings release. That guidance is summarized on Slide 13. We have based on our guidance on an exchange rate of $1.12 per euro, the same rate used in our prior guidance. Our 2016 guidance excludes any additional impact from further currency devaluations, including the Venezuelan bolivar, as the company continues to operate primarily under the official exchange rates. It also excludes the expected additional expense associated with our restructuring program. Id now like to turn the call back over to Eric Green. Eric?
Eric Green: Thank you, Bill. In conclusion, were off to a strong start to the year. Our teams are focused on executing our market-led growth strategy to enhance customer experience, drive operational excellence, and differentiate with novel containment and delivery systems. We have a great team, high quality products, and a strong customer base who we are working by their side to bring new drug therapies to the market. Operator, were ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Paul Knight of Janney Montgomery. Your line is open.
Bill March: Hi guys, this is actually Bill March on for Paul Knight. How are you guys doing?
Eric Green: Were doing well, Bill. Good morning.
Bill March: First question - maybe just looking at the sales numbers, with the backlog growing and the growth youre seeing from biologics and generics, could you maybe just talk a little bit about is that growth coming from new drug approvals or maybe existing customers migrating up the value chain to HVP products, maybe just what youre seeing from that volume and sales mix?
Eric Green: Yes Bill, thanks for the question. Absolutely what were seeing in the biologics and generics space, obviously with strong double digit growth, is really a combination of both new product launches into the marketplace but also a transition up the quality curve that we are uniquely positioned to provide with our high value products portfolio. So were seeing a combination of both and it makes us feel quite confident for our outlook this year and forward.
Bill March: Great. Then investment in NanoPass, I know that theyre involved with micro-needles for intradermal injections. How that fit with your current product offerings, and where else do you see applications for their micro-needle technology? Thanks.
Eric Green: Bill, with the reorganization we went through, we pulled together our innovation and technology group to take a look at all of the innovation at West from containment to delivery devices. If you look at where we want to play and our vision and our focus of the company, we do want to bring on board more capabilities around delivery devices. So we look at NanoPass, we made a small investment into NanoPass that allows us to leverage their needle technology, which really supports again the delivery devices. The key attributes when you look at their technology is around bio-availability and dose sparing, which are key issues that our customers are faced with today, so we think this is another solution, part of a portfolio that can help us more long-term.
Bill March: Great, thanks. Ill hop back into the queue. Have a good day.
Eric Green: Thank you, Bill.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Larry Solow of CJS. Your line is open.
Larry Solow: Good morning, guys. Great quarter. 
Eric Green: Thanks.
Larry Solow: Can you maybe just on the backlog of 24%, I realize part of that is due to some extension of the lead times. I think, Bill, last quarter you gave us an approximate of what you think backlog would be on a true basis. Can you maybe discuss that and maybe give us a little more color on where you stand with lead times, and have some of your throughput improvements helped?
William Federici: Yes, sure. Thanks, Larry, for that question. Yes, youre right - there is a combination of things impacting our backlog: real growth, and we know that thats happening, but we do know that customers continue to place orders in advance of what they normally would given our current situation of, in their minds, high lead times for certain of our high value products in certain of our plants. So its impossible for us to give you an exact number there, but we dont see any real change in the overall growth trajectory of the business. We know that we continue to see growth in our high value products, in that high singles to low doubles, being driven by the increase incidents of chronic diseases treated with biologics and also in the generic space. We see a lot of growth in the generic space as well. But to give you an exact number, I cant, but I can tell you we still feel very, very comfortable that our growth trajectory for the full year of 2016 is going to be in that 6 to 8% range still.
Larry Solow: Got it. Do you have the gross margin by segment? I realize that will probably be in the Q, but can you just--
William Federici: Well, segment meaning the--
Larry Solow: Gross margin by proprietary and contract manufactured.
William Federici: Proprietary and contract manufacturing is in there. Its 38.8% for the proprietary products and it was 14.7% for contract manufacturing. So what we continue to see obviously is strong growth in proprietary products being driven a little bit by pricing, but most of it being driven by the favorable mix shift that weve been describing this morning. With high value products up 22% versus the prior year first quarter, that really is a supercharger to the margin and has the effect of more than offsetting the increases, normal inflationary increases in our costs.
Larry Solow: Right, and that was obviously a great number, not sustainable, and obviously your guidance sort of incorporates that coming back down.
William Federici: Yes, and Larry, weve talked about this a number of times.
Larry Solow: Absolutely.
William Federici: Our business is impacted by not only what we do, but were a made-to-order shop, so as our customers order--and their order patterns and customer inventory management scenarios have an outsized impact on a small company like West. So while we continue to see very, very strong growth, we dont believe that that 22% growth in the--or 24% growth in the backlog and the 22% growth in high value products is really all growth. We think there are some obvious inventory management issues going on in there.
Larry Solow: Got it. Just lastly, unless I missed it, can you just tell us on the $15 million write-down for some of the--on the discontinued use of some equipment in trade markets, what that was?
William Federici: Yes, when we announced the board-approved restructuring plan, we knew that there were going to be things that we were doing where we were taking a look at realigning our operations more towards the future customer-facing organization that we want to be. One of the things was we wrote down our use--we had an asset on the books for the Tec name, and we wrote that down. That was about $10 million of that $15 million, and then the rest of it was writing down some of the intangibles associated with some of our development projects.
Larry Solow: Got it, thats great.
William Federici: [Indecipherable]
Larry Solow: Got you, great. Thank you very much.
William Federici: Youre welcome, Larry.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Dave Windley of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Jerry: Hi guys, thanks for taking the call. This is Jerry [Indecipherable] on for Dave this morning. How are you guys doing?
Eric Green: Doing well, thank you. 
Jerry: So just real quick, is there any chance you guys could break out from the high value products, break out legacy proprietary product additions that were in delivery from the kind of traditional high value products?
William Federici: Not easily. I dont think we want to be giving you that level of detail. Again, we feel very, very comfortable in the long-term growth trajectory for proprietary products. We continue to see the big driver there in the near term being our biologics and generics customers, which are driving growth at high value products in the high singles to low doubles. We do know that the delivery system part of the business is growing. I mentioned it in my prepared remarks that CZ and SmartDose were $6.7 million versus $5.5 million in the prior year quarter, a growth of 20%, so we see good growth going there. The things that are growing within the high value product portfolio are the things youd expect - Westar, both RS and RU, were seeing a lot of FluroTec growth, and were also seeing a lot of growth in demand for Daikyo products. So I dont want to get into that level of detail, but those were the main drivers, and again we feel very, very comfortable that none of this that weve seen in this quarter changes our near term or longer term growth trajectories for the business.
Jerry: Got it, thanks for that. Whats the current count of CZ development projects and SmartDose? How many of those are in trials currently? Is there any update to the seven we had talked about before, seven or eight? 
Eric Green: So a couple comments around the CZ portfolio and platform. Weve seen a slight uptick with additional formal stability. Obviously we announced one coming up from formal stability into commercial at this point, so today we have commercial, a couple vials, and one potential cartridge once the [indecipherable] is approved, and SmartDose and CZ cartridges obviously on that product.  What were seeing also with the CZ, we announced obviously with the Imlygic, which is a unique characteristic around extreme cold storage. That has opened up other conversations, so we believe not just delamination, resistance to breakage, but in the attributes of glass versus CZ, were also seeing extreme cold storage as being an attribute customers are looking at, so those conversations continue to take place. So were quite pleased with the progress were making there. On the SmartDose, theres two ways of looking at it. One is the existing platform that we have been working with customers on, we currently have seven in trial at this point . When you look at beyond that, we have introduced the new version or next generation of prefilled solution to the marketplace, and thats opened up a lot of conversations. So we believe not only are we staying within an existing platform that has some traction, but were also seeing the new generation create a lot of interest in the marketplace.
Jerry: And then just kind of a follow-up on the Imlygic there, can you give us any update on the uptake of the two CZ approvals, one being Imlygic and the other one that was previously announced? Is the combined $5 million to $6 million run rate still the correct way to think about those two?
William Federici: Yes, thats absolutely correct. No change there.
Jerry: Okay, and then just last one real quick, can you give an update on the high value components as a percentage of total volume? How much penetration is left there?
William Federici: Well, its a complicated--Ill give you a short answer and then the complication. High value products is a series of products, so a series of things that we do to the core components after theyve been manufactured. So something like Westar and FluroTec are very well penetrated in western markets, but there is still a lot of runway in front of them. But newer high value product initiations like our Envision product which is using vision systems to help increase quality, as well as NovaPure, those are still small and their penetration rates are very, very small, but we see great promise to them in the future. So if you look at as a percentage of our total manufactured products within the proprietary product space, were less than 20% of our volume is high value products. What that number could be is really a factor of a lot of things, including the age of that high value product and the newer products coming into the market, so we believe that a lot of the--almost all of the biologics will use high value products in some way, shape or form. A lot of the generics are going to use our high value products in some way, shape or form, so we believe theres a tremendous amount of runway in front of this, and thats what gives us confidence, one of the things that gives us confidence in our ability to say that that part of our portfolio will continue to grow in the high singles to low doubles for a very, very long time.
Jerry: Got it, thanks guys. Congrats on the quarter again.
William Federici: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Sara Silverman of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Eric Green: Sara?
Sara Silverman: Can you hear me?
Eric Green: Sara?
Sara Silverman: Yeah, can you guys hear me?
Eric Green: Operator, maybe help? We cant hear you Sara.
Sara Silverman: Hey, can you guys hear me?
William Federici: There you go, okay. Now we can hear you.
Sara Silverman: Okay. Hey, sorry about that. Im just going to ask, Bill, can you remind us how much of the annual restructuring savings of $8 million to $10 million is expected to be in direct costs versus opex, and then how much of those savings you plan to reinvest?
William Federici: Well, I dont have the breakout for you, but what we did say, as you suggested, in this year it will be less than that. In 2016, were expecting somewhere on the order of $4 million to $6 million, so thats where we are for the current year, and it will be more in the future years as you get a full years worth of benefit out of these. As you know, some of the restructuring charge has been taken, some of those actions, but some of them have not yet been taken. It takes some time to get through all of those. We expect them to be done the later part of this year or early part of 2017, so our run rate on the savings will be, as you suggested, more fully affected in 2017 and beyond. In terms of reinvestment, we expect to reinvest the majority of that back into the business on the commercial side of the business and in innovation and technology. So you know, our belief, Sara, continues to be that this is a tremendous growth engine for West, continuing to work on the combination of our containment systems with the delivery systems to create solutions for our customers very novel products, and that combination we believe is very strong and is the right way to invest our funds today to make sure that were able to satisfy those demands.
Sara Silverman: Okay, great. Thanks for taking my question.
Eric Green: Thank you, Sara.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Derik DeBruin of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Juan Avendano: Thank you. This is actually Juan Avendano for Derik DeBruin. 
William Federici: How you doing, Juan?
Juan Avendano: Good, and you?
William Federici: Good, thanks.
Juan Avendano: Good. I had a question on the CMO business. Understand that its lumpy, that its dependent on the timing of customer orders. Is there any particular seasonality pattern on a quarterly basis that you could share with us to help us model it?
Eric Green: No, I think the way to look at the contract manufacturing business is more over a period of the year. The size of orders that were producing for our clients--and again, these are long-term agreements that we have because were making investments into our facilities that run these dedicated products for quite a period of time, so we are seeing the lumpiness from quarter to quarter, but if you look at it from an overall year period of time, its probably the best way to look at that business.
Juan Avendano: Okay, got it. Then on a segment basis, I was wondering if you could share with us what the SG&A was.
William Federici: We have it in the release, I believe. The SG&A--just give me a moment here. Okay, so proprietary SG&A was $41.6 million, and the contract manufacturing was $3.8 million. Those are at our quoted rates there.
Juan Avendano: Good, thank you. That was it.
William Federici: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, and that does conclude our Q&A session for today. I would now like to turn the call back to Mr. Quintin Lai for any further remarks.
Quintin Lai: Thank you. Im going to hand it over to Eric here for closing comments.
Eric Green: Thank you to everyone for dialing in. We appreciate your interest in West and we look forward to the next call after the second quarter. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude todays program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Quintin Lai - Head of IR Eric Green - CEO Bill Federici - CFO
Analysts: Derik DeBruin - Bank of America Larry Solow - CJS Securities Paul Knight - Janney Montgomery Arnie Ursaner - Private Investor Dave Windley - Jefferies
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the West Pharmaceutical Services Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode to reduce background noise, but later, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. Instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, todays conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your first speaker for today, Quintin Lai, Head of Investor Relations. You have the floor sir.
Quintin Lai: Thank you, Andrew. Good morning and welcome to Wests fourth quarter 2015 conference call. We issued our financial results this morning, and the release has been posted in the Investors Section on the companys website located at www.westpharma.com. This morning, CEO, Eric Green and CFO, Bill Federici will review our fourth quarter and full year 2015 results, will provide an update on our business and recent organizational realignment and will provide a financial outlook and expectations for the full year 2016. There is a slide presentation that accompanies todays conference call and a copy of that presentation is also available on the Investors section of our website.  On slide 2 is the Safe Harbor statement. Statements made by management on this call and in the presentation will contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Federal Securities Law and that are based on managements beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. Many of the factors that will determine the companys future results are beyond the ability of the company to control or predict. These statements are subject to known or unknown risks or uncertainties, and therefore actual results could differ materially from past results and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement. For a non-exclusive list of factors that could cause actual results to differ from expectations, please refer to todays press release as well as any further disclosures the company makes on related subjects in the Companys 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports. In addition, during todays call, management will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures including sales at constant currency, adjusted operating profit and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results were prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in this mornings earnings release. I now turn over the call to Wests CEO and President Eric Green.
Eric Green: Great, thank you Quintin and good morning everyone. As you saw in this morning's press release we delivered another solid quarter with overall growth in net sales at constant currency of 9.7%. This reflects strength across the entire company both business units and all geographic regions contributed. In our Packaging Systems business sales grew nearly 10% constant currency; our high value product portfolio delivered another quarter of double-digit growth. As anticipated, we continued to experience strong demand from our customers for the higher performance FluroTec products ready-to-sterilize and ready-to-use Westar product, we also experienced strong demand with Envision, in our industry leading NovaPure offering that ensure the highest standards of quality. In Delivery Systems, sales grew above 9% at constant currency versus the prior quarter and delivering sequential growth as we expected over third quarter of 2015. The growth was driven by demand for diabetes care products including components for insulin pen and glucose monitoring devices. Growth in high-value products and volume driven efficiencies produced 190 basis points of gross margin expansion in the quarter. The related increase in gross profits more than offset $8 million of currency headwinds. This led to Q4 adjusted diluted EPS of $0.47, which was in line with our expectations despite a $0.05 currency headwind. Excluding currency impact, earnings per share would have grown by 16% year over year. The solid fourth quarter capped a successful full-year 2015 as highlighted on slide 4 resulting in net sales of $1.4 billion in constant currency sales growth of 7.2%. For the year, we generated adjusted diluted EPS of $1.83, which was in the upper end of the most recent guidance range. This was despite a $0.29 headwind for currency. Excluding that impact we would have grown adjusted diluted EPS by 19% over 2014. On slide five, showing off a [ph] history of success and the strong foundation. In the fourth quarter, we reformulated our long-term strategy to become the world leader in the integrated containment and delivery of injectable medicine. In order to achieve that I believe that we need to be more market focused. And at the start of this year, we realigned our company with that in mind. We formed three functional groups commercial, global operations, and innovation and technology. And each one will focus on customer experience, operational excellence and product service differentiation. We have historically managed through two segments each having regional business units. As shown on slide 6, the commercial customer facing organization is transitioning to focus on three major market segments globally pharma, biologics, and generics. While all three segments are involved in the injectable therapy space, they each have different challenges and needs. We believe we can more effectively deliver a broad proprietary product portfolio by focusing on this particular need in each market from standard to high-value products, delivery devices and our industry-leading contract manufacturing. West is in a unique position to address these market needs with tailored products and service offerings. Turning to slide 7, the chart provides our relative net sales by category in 2015. Going forward, we are combining our packaging components sales with proprietary devices including reconstitution into the safety system CZ and self-injection devices like SmartDose to form the proprietary product business segment. The proprietary products represent just under 80% of our sales in 2015. Sales and marketing responsibility resides with the new commercial organization. And our industry-leading contract manufacturing segment which represents just under 20% of overall sales, will become a new standalone reportable business segment, also under the leadership of the commercial organization. Critical to our long term strategy is the improved coordination in our global operations and supply chain as noted in slide eight. To that end, we are combining management of our global capacity in the newly formed global operations organization. With favorable macro trends for injectable therapy, the demand for our products and services we have expanded and will continue to add to our capacity and capability. In 2016, we expect to invest between 10% to 12% of sales in capital expenditures. Projects range from the ongoing construction of our new center of excellence in Waterford, Ireland through further expansion of high value component capacity in Kinston, North Carolina and in Singapore. We are convinced that increase in our focus on operational efficiency and excellence will improve productivity, operating leverage and profitability at our sites around the world. In conjunction with the overall organizational changes, we are optimizing our existing capacity and leveraging our talented workforce. This past week, our Board of Directors approved a restructuring program that will result in a modest reduction in force as we streamline our operations and investments in commercial activities and technology that will drive growth for the future. Bill will provide more details on the program in a few minutes. Turning to slide nine, we're continuing to invest in the development of new products and services. Building on the success of our R&D efforts, the newly formed innovation and technology organization will focus on product design and development to push leading edge applications to contain, administer and deliver injectable therapies. These include quality enhancements such as the NovaPure 1 and 3 ml syringe plungers, delivery platform including follow-on generation of the SmartDose wearable injector and new applications of Daikyo Crystal Zenith technology. We continue to see a high level of interest in our technology platforms as highlighted in last weeks announcement that a major biotech customer is using Daikyo CZ vials and Wests Flurotec stoppers for its new oncology drug.  Before I hand it over to Bill, I want to conclude by saying that Wests outlook is very bright. The fundamental long-term trends remain favorable. We can grow profitably by continuing to meet the unique needs of our customers and managing our quality and cost. We have a talented workforce that is over 7,000 strong that is focused on quality, safety and the needs of our customers. As we look at 2016, on slide 10, we are reaffirming constant currency sales growth guidance of 6% to 8%. We expect that high value products will lead the way with high single to low double digit growth. Today we provided further 2015 guidance. Adding that, we expect adjusted EPS of between $2.10 to $2.25 representing 15% to 23% growth over 2015. We will continue to benefit from an improving sales mix and operating efficiency. Now, I turnover to Bill Federici, our CFO. Bill?
Bill Federici: Thank you, Eric, and good morning, everyone. We issued our fourth quarter results this morning. Excluding the effects of special items from both periods, fourth quarter 2015 earnings were $0.47 per diluted share versus the $0.45 we earned in Q4 2014. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures is provided on slides 17, 18 and 19. Turning to sales, slide 12 shows the components of our consolidated sales increase. All references to sales amounts are to constant currency. Consolidated fourth quarter sales was $359.7 million, an increase of 9.7% over fourth quarter 2014 sales. Packaging Systems sales increased by $24.3 million or 9.8% over the same quarter 2014. Our favorable sales mix and volume growth accounted for 7.8 percentage points of the increase. Modestly higher selling prices in Packaging Systems contributed the remainder of the increase. High value product sales increased 13.5% versus the prior-year quarter. For the full-year 2015, high value product sales increased 14.8% versus 2014.  Delivery system sales increased $9.5 million or 9.2% over sales in the prior-year quarter. The sales increase was driven by our contact manufacturing business. Fourth quarter sales of proprietary products decreased by $1.6 million and were 23.7% of the segments revenues in the quarter. CZ sales and development activity were approximately $3.7 million and SmartDose sample sales were $1.9 million in Q4. On a full-year basis, total 2015 proprietary product sales declined by $2.5 million versus 2014 and represent 24.7% of delivery system segment sales.  As provided on slide 13, our Q4 2015 consolidated gross profit margin was 33.3% versus the 31.4% margin we achieved in the fourth quarter of 14. Packaging Systems fourth quarter gross margin of 38.5% is 2.3 margin points higher than the 36.2% achieved in the fourth quarter of 14. The favorable mix and volume of products sold, modest sales price increases, and continued savings and plant efficiencies more than offset the impact of higher general inflationary costs. Delivery systems fourth quarter gross margin of 21.1% was 1.5 margin points higher than the prior-year quarter. The higher margin was mainly due to a favorable sales mix and greater capacity utilization and contract manufacturing versus the prior-year quarter. As reflected on slide 14, Q4 2015 [ph] consolidated SG&A expense increased by $3.6 million compared to the prior-year quarter. The increase was due primarily to higher estimated achievement levels on incentive comp program and annual merit increases. As a percentage of sales, Q4 2015 SG&A expense was 0.6 percentage point more than the prior-year period.  Slide 15 shows our key cash flow metrics. Operating cash flow was $202 million for the full year of 2015, $30 million more than 2014 due primarily to our strong operating results and lower working capital requirement. Capital additions of roughly $131 million were made in 2015. Roughly half of the capital spend was on new products and expansion efforts including approximately $27 million in Waterford.  We expect capital additions of between $150 million and $175 million in 2016, including approximately $60 million of costs associated with the New Ireland facility.  Slide 15 also provides the summary of balance sheet information. Our balance sheet continues to be strong and we are confident that our business will provide necessary future liquidity. Our cash balance at year-end was $275 million, $20 million higher than our December 14 balance. Roughly half of the cash is invested overseas and is generally not available for repatriation without tax consequences. However, we repatriated $120 million of overseas cash during the second half of 2015.  Debt at year-end was $298 million, $37 million than at the prior-year end. Our net debt-to-total-invested capital ratio at year-end was 2.3%, a significant improvement from the prior-year end ratio of 7.7%. Working capital totaled $359 million at year-end, $47 million less than the prior-year end. Our higher cash balances were partially offset by the reclassification to short-term of our $7 million euro note B debt maturing later this month.  Our backlog of committed PPS orders remain strong at $413 million as of December 15, which is approximately 29% higher than our December 14 balances, excluding exchange. Demand-driven extended lead-times for certain high-value products continue to result in advanced customer orders, which inflate our backlog. We expect actions taken, increased capacity and throughput will reduce those lead-times and relieve the backlog in the third quarter of 2016. We have issued our full year 2016 guidance in this mornings release. The guidance is summarized on slide 16. Our guidance is based on an exchange rate of $1.12 per euro. Our actual 2015 results are translated at $1.11 per euro rate. While exchange rates will continue to be a headwind throughout 2016, we expect the euro headwind will be less than the 15% devaluation experienced during 2015. However, currency volatility is high and Asian and emerging markets currencies are creating added headwinds to the business in 2016.  We expect our 2016 effective tax rate to be approximately 28.5% versus the 27% ETR we experienced in 2015. Our tax rate is highly dependent on a geographic mix of earnings, which is driven by sales of high value products as were migrating toward higher tax jurisdictions like the US, which has an adverse effect on our tax rate. Our guidance includes a $0.02 EPS benefit, resulting from our previously announced 700,000 share repurchase plan, which is intended to maintain a mutual share count.  We expect a strong start to 2016 with Q1 EPS growth of between 8% and 15% versus the prior year quarter. We expect to deliver on our full-year earnings guidance of $2.10 to $2.25 per diluted share, which on a constant currency basis, represents an increase of between 15% and 23% in diluted EPS over 2015. That guidance excludes the 2016 restructuring plan charge we announced this morning, which will result in a reduction of course of approximately 1% to 2% of global employees to meet our new market focused commercial organization.  The restructuring charge is expected to range from $23 million to $28 million and will be recognized over the next 12 to 24 months. We expect 2016s savings of $4 million to $6 million, which is included in our 2016 guidance. Annual savings of $8 million to $10 million are expected as a result of the restructuring. Furthermore, beginning in 2016, we will realign our external reporting to reflect our new organization.  Our two external reporting segments will be proprietary products and contract manufacturing products. We will also provide sales data on our three key market groups, Biologics, Generics and Pharma. We expect that in advance of our Q1 earnings call, we will provide a historical results bridge from our previous reporting segment to our new reporting segment. At that same time, we expect to provide a guidance bridge between old and new reporting segments.  Id now like to turn the call back over to Eric Green. Eric?
Eric Green: Great. Thank you, Bill. In summary, we delivered a solid quarter, which capped off a strong year. We are moving into 2016 with momentum and making progress, executing our growth strategy to become the leader in integrated containment and delivery of injectable medicine. I want to invite you to join the leadership team at our Investor Day on March 10 in New York City. Operator, we are ready to take the questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Derik DeBruin from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Derik DeBruin: Hi, good morning. Hey, sort of going through your press release, getting some questions on your actions around the Venezuelan currencies and so could you talk a little bit about that and the size of that business and sort of what your expectations are for Venezuela and I guess the decision why youre treating it like it is, why youre doing the treatment this way?
Bill Federici: Okay. So let me answer your questions in order. So sales are roughly $10 million annually, Derik, not a big number and our operating profit off of those sales is a little over $1 million annually. In terms of the where we are, where we are, we have been using the official exchange rate of 6.3 for medical device and pharmaceutical companies, which is the one mandated by law and we have been transacting at that rate through 2015. Obviously, they announced a devaluation to an official rate of 10 going forward. That will impact us to a certain extent, but we will continue to not recognize the full impact of a devaluation to the unofficial rates that you see that are being used to transact, since well be at that required to transact at that rate. We do have exposure in terms of our monetary assets of about $2 million. So when we look at our ability to get dollars out of the country, if we continue to experience delays in receiving dollars out of the country despite the fact that theyve told us that we can transact at an official exchange rate of 10, we will most likely end up writing off those monetary assets. Again, rough number is about $2 million. If we were to take out the entire operations over there which is what we've disclosed in the release, that number would be somewhere in the range of $7 million to $8 million.
Derik DeBruin: So could you talk a little bit about some of the expectations in terms of capacity builds, I mean I know you're adding things and you're doing that. I guess is there an issue that you may not have enough capacity to sort of meet demand in 2016, Im just sort of just want to know what is sort of the pluses and minuses are to your organic revenue growth guidance around timing.
Eric Green: I'm going to first start with this Derik and then turn over to Bill on some of the guidance. When you look at the capacity and actually I just came back from Jersey Shore and Kinston to see the plans firsthand. Jersey Shore capacity has been running pretty much almost all out because the demand has increased quite nicely with our high-value product portfolio. I can assure you that the lean efforts that are going on at Jersey Shore is increasing productivity on a per hour basis, so that's very positive. When we look at capacity expansion that weve completed in Kinston, North Carolina, that has been validated and so were working with other customers that continue to divert orders from Jersey Shore to Kinston, North Carolina to start offsetting some of that pressure. But the demand that you see in the backlog is the combination absolutely of increased demand from our customers but also still the fact that we have to get it through the system.
Bill Federici: So, I think just to add, agree with Eric said, we have enough capacity to be able to meet our customer demands today. We do have certain bottlenecks in the operations especially for our high-value products. We've done some work, some lean activities in those affected plants to be able to increase the capacity going through those plants and we've seen the benefits of that at the very end of 2015 and certainly are seeing it in 2016 to begin with. Eric mentioned the Kinston facility and additional capacity there to help process some of those high-value product orders. So we believe we're okay, it is very tight there and well continue to be tight but we believe that the actions that we've taken are actually helping with that tightness and we believe that we will actually start to see the backlog come down probably in and around the third quarter timeframe of 2016.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dave Windley from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Dave Windley: A follow-up on Derik's question. So, in identifying these bottlenecks, Bill, you just referred to, it is the increased demand and the stress on the system that has brought these bottlenecks to light or is this a result of some of the capacity reorganization, creation of centers of excellence and may be moving things around that has cost the bottlenecks to occur?
Eric Green: Hey Dave, this is Eric. There are two elements that we are seeing, one is, there is a true increase in demand that we are seeing from the biologics customers but also we are seeing an increase with our generics customers and they tend to come in larger volumes and shorter terms. So therefore that's one of the issues that we face in the latter half of 2015 that created some of the bottlenecks that we are experiencing today. So it is a little bit of uneven of the demand coming in but it is also due to the demand that were seeing with the biologics customers. I would not contribute this to any network optimization that we are working on. In fact, I believe the approach that were taking is really with new sites, new capacity, its with new orders coming onboard. So it is not creating a bottleneck for us.
Dave Windley: Okay. And I wanted to  my next question is around your segments and group. So as I read the press release, I was a little confused by the identification of the groups, but those are not - and those sound like your sales organization, your kind of your direct cost line, your manufacturing production capacity and your R&D organization is what it sounds like those groups are to me and so I was a little confused about how you would have revenue to report in global ops and innovation and technology, but the answer is you're not going to report segment along those lines rather you are reporting segments will be proprietary products and contract manufacturing. So first of all, is that correct? Is my understanding correct?
Eric Green: Absolutely correct.
Dave Windley: Okay. And then secondly, you did mention I think reporting or maybe you're only discussing some KPIs around the three groups. What will those be? What will you be telling us about the three groups going forward?
Eric Green: Yeah, so thats a great question. So when we look at the commercial organization, we are really breaking up into four areas. Three of them are around our customer segments of biologics, pharma, engineering. So you will have  we will give visibility of the size and the growth we are experiencing within those three customer segments. The fourth one we are keeping contract manufacturing contained and we will continue to report that as a standalone entity going forward. 
Dave Windley: Okay. So you will report that in commercial and then will there be anything to tell us about the other two groups or not necessarily?
Eric Green: We'll give you updates and then give you visibility on our cost of our operation. Manufacturing really has been the driver of growth and margin expansion and outflow in R&D is clear line of R&D investment and we will give you visibility of new products being launched as we introduce them into the marketplace. 
Dave Windley: Okay. I will ask one more and drop back in, if I could. So I think in the past you have talked to us about contractual arrangements for supply of the inputs to your rubber components and I'm wondering what the precipitous drop in the price of oil does to your supply costs? How much of that comes up for renewal in a given year, for example, how much of that can you effect?
Eric Green: Yeah. Dave, the way to think about it is that there has been a drop in the underlying commodity, but if you remember the way our supply contracts work, we have delay into when that commodity price fits our orders, i.e. our inventory and then when that goes to our P&L, its generally a four to six month delay. On the sales side, we have contracts with customers that are multiyear contracts with customers and they allow us to, based on the basket of goods either CPI or PPI, allow us to increase prices based on the last 12 months of activity in those underlying commodities and labor et cetera. So there is a muting effect or a hedging effect on the input cost and on our ability to catch that in these prices or declining prices as it may be. So the effect is muted. Its not as strong as the reduction that you see in the underlying commodity. We have baked into our budget that we will  that the commodities are roughly in a standard state about $45 per barrel into our budget. So we've already taken that into our guidance. So if it remains at $30 versus $45, it is not a $35 versus $45 based on this morning. It's Brent not West Texas by the way, thats the underlying reference commodity. That would not be a significant difference from where we have guided today.
Dave Windley: Okay. And would you be able to qualify what margin impact that slight change within 2016 has on guidance? Can you do that or is that too?
Eric Green: Its pretty small, Dave, order of magnitude of couple of cents.
Dave Windley: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Eric Green: You are welcome Dave.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question from the line of Larry Solow from CJS Securities. Your line is open. 
Larry Solow: Hi, good morning guys. Just a couple of questions on just gross margin in the quarter and more importantly on the outlook. In Packaging Systems, obviously you had a very solid year and I think margin was up close to 200 bps on a gross level. Clearly thats being driven by the high-value products. But what prevents -- high-value packaging components, what prevents this number from rising similar or maybe modestly below last years rate, but above what your guidance implies? 
Bill Federici: Yes, I mean, as you know, the growth that we have seen in the high-value products has been a little bit more than what we would look at in terms of our long-term growth trajectory for this business. We believe that our high-value products will continue to grow in the high-singles to low-doubles. We have seen it obviously this quarter with 13.5 and for the full year, it was 14, almost 15. So thats above the average. And we see this from time to time, Larry, as customers do make inventory adjustments either based on demand or in this case, some of it was in the action to our extended lead-times and for some of those high-value products. So we always come back to looking at this as what is the real underlying growth of the business. We dont think anything has changed in those long-term growth drivers, Eric mentioned that in his comments, that will cause us to believe that if anything different than that long-term 5% to 7%, 6% to 8% growth that we expect for the business of which high-value products being in the high-singles to low-doubles. On the margin line, there is a corollary effect. So we saw a very high percentage increase in the gross margins for PPS, driven as you said by that really strong high-value product growth in the quarter. But when you look at that, again try to normalize it, we have things, we know that that growth will come down, so the margin expansion will come down also. We know we will have inflationary increases in underlying overheads and labor, and we know that there are additional costs we are adding to pool. For instance, the work we are doing in Ireland and elsewhere, increase our capacity in the future, we are adding support around that, so regulatory, quality support, underlying support for those new businesses that were trying to expand globally around the world. So we look at a normalized growth, Larry, no different than we had in the past. Thats somewhere 50 and 70 basis points on the margin line is over a period of time. Some years, it will be higher as weve seen, other years will be less, but thats where we feel very comfortable with the business in those kinds of ways. 
Larry Solow: Great. Switching gears a little bit, can you just update us, I know you had an initiative for some of your lower volume products, sort of limit production runs with customers, how has that been  is that still something thats an ongoing process?
Bill Federici: Yes, it is Larry. Its a long-term process. Though, as you can imagine, you have to work with the customer to get them obviously on the same page as you are. But youre right, we have made some progress there, especially with some of the customers on the medical device side certainly and we look to continue to make more progress there. The obvious intention is to be able to stand our productive capacity in meeting the needs of that biologics and the generics of pharma customers for high-value products. 
Larry Solow: Okay. And then just on the Delivery System side, I assume the margin  the gross margin outlook is primarily driven by the expected 30% increase on CZ and SmartDose or there  is that basically the primary or are there other efficiencies and I know you had some inefficiencies and build out in some other capacity areas that has been hurting that group. So any color on that would be great.
Eric Green: Yes, Larry, its a combination of both. So were seeing expansion of our CZ and SmartDose franchise as we continue to build out for that and utilize our facilities more effectively. I think for contract manufacturing business, we will continue to see the expansion with lean processing that team is actually quite very good at. So we are pleased to see the contract manufacturing making good progress. 
Larry Solow: Okay. Can you  I know, you guys generally provide some kind of quantitative update, I know, maybe you will do that at the Analyst Day. In terms of CZ, I think it was in 14 programs and SmartDose was in 8 last  we heard last quarter. Any change to that or do you want to defer until next couple of weeks to answer that question?
Eric Green: Larry, I will give you a quick response to that, because thats a good question. I think when you look at SmartDose franchise, we have -- today, we have about -- we have seven in development and they continue to do quite well. The reason why they came down from 8 is because we do have 1 that is scheduled for more commercial, depending on the PDUFA date thats with Amgen thats scheduled for July of 2016. In regards to CZ, were continuing to make progress as indicated with our recent announcement, we have 10 in formal stability studies and then we have about 1 to 4 really specifically around the generic zoledronic acid area. So again, were making progress, customers are liking the technology that theyre seeing and as I indicated in my earlier comments, were not standing still, were also looking at whats next for SmartDose for West to support our customers. So were constantly moving forward and well give you a greater update on March 10.
Larry Solow: Got it. And then just lastly on the cost savings related to the 1% to 2% headcount reduction, that $4 million to $6 million and then that gets realized this year, 8 to 10 next year, assume sort of you do half this year or averages out to half, is that, how is that going to -- roughly in the P&L, would that be both, I guess is partially manufacturing, partially SG&A probably the way to look at it?
Bill Federici: Correct. Thats correct, Larry. As Eric said, most of it was in the reductions or in operations, but there is some SG&A as you can imagine. There is some write-off of assets and there is some people costs.
Larry Solow: Got it. And then obviously the flu situation, but I think maybe going out as you look further, there may be other sort of broader sweep cost cuts like this one or is it more just obviously youll have the lean on this year, so it will always be ongoing, tweaks and stuff, but do you see other bigger needle movers that you can actually call out?
Eric Green: Larry, I think what drove this decision and this change and as you know, were a growing organization. We continue -- we are expanding capacity, we are expanding our relationships with our customers, the business is fundamentally very strong. The driver of this really was taking an operation that had three regions and two divisions and bring it together. And well, when you move through that type of organizational change, you do create some opportunities. Were exhausting all avenues to try and identify how we can redeploy our colleagues to the best we can, but the fact is, by going to more of a global approach with some of these areas, we are seeing some synergies, which were taking advantage of at this time. Again, as we add capacity in our new facilities, well be adding appropriate resources as we expand and will continue to invest in our commercial, and also in our innovation engine groups.
Larry Solow: Got it. And last question and Ill stop. CapEx, $150 million to $175 million, I think thats pretty well high telegraphed as you expand, especially in Ireland. Do you see that number sort of sitting in that range for the next couple of years and then maybe beginning to tail off in the back-end of the outlook?
Eric Green: Larry, Ill talk more briefly and Ill let Bill to give you the exact numbers, but the concept is right now, were about 10% to 12% of sales. As you can see, the big part is from Waterford, Ireland and some other capacity expansions. Our intent is to bring that down as a percentage of sales as we go forward. This year and next year, you are absolutely correct, Waterford is a larger number, but our intent is to drive that number down as we go forward.
Bill Federici: I have nothing to add. Thats perfect.
Larry Solow: Okay, great. Thanks guys. I appreciate it.
Bill Federici: Thanks, Larry.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Knight from Janney Montgomery. Your line is open.
Paul Knight: Hi, Eric. Congratulations on the quarter and congratulations on that CZ win last week. Can you talk a little bit about how many trials you are involved in on the proprietary products side and what does the number look like to you in terms of the CZ, SmartDose and the proprietary products kind of trial and trial backlog so to speak?
Eric Green: Yeah. Paul, thanks for your comments. As we look at where were right now, as we mentioned in regards to CZ, we are in 10 formal stability studies and as I said, 1 to 4 generic zoledronic acid, theyre various stages and as we indicated, weve had launch of two vial, CZ vial products just recently. So were starting to see the momentum of getting to the point where we actually can start commercializing these endeavors. So I think around SmartDose, again under proprietary, we have seven developments, again at various stages, but the interest continues to be strong. I would also argue that you know with the SmartDose as it stands today we are looking at the next generation which is also stimulating a lot of good conversation with the customers in identifying how we can improve on where we are. And then were also obviously anticipating the commercial launch later this year of partnering with Amgen with the Repatha. So those are where we are with our formats and again we're starting to see momentum in the right direction.
Paul Knight: And Bill you guided to 150 bps increase in the tax rate this year. What happens after Ireland capacity gets built, should that tax rate move back down? And then lastly, does the tax rate multi-year get even lower with other moves you can do?
Bill Federici: Absolutely, thanks Paul. Good question, we absolutely agree with your comment. So, the idea is we are the beneficiary of having a very, very strong high value product portfolio. Right now, most of that is manufactured in our highest cost jurisdictions from a tax perspective both United States and Germany, little bit in France and also those are the three big ones. So when you think about it as you continue to increase the amount of high-value products sales and profits, they happen to be in those high cost jurisdictions. So its a very high quality problem to have but one of the reasons that you know from an operating perspective we think that these centers of excellence are excellent ideas from an operating possibility. So making sure that we are providing our customers with the best absolute highest quality product we can that will be uniform in terms of where its manufactured from. So well do the core manufacturing in our existing facilities like the US and Germany and France, but we will transfer those for finishing, a lot of the high-value product capacity will be in Ireland and in Singapore. When we get those online, obviously the tax rate differential between some place like Ireland thats 12.5% or Singapore thats even lower than that and say the United States which is 35% will reduce our overall effective tax rate. How low can that go is you know we certainly believe that it certainly would come back to that 27% and quite frankly over a longer period of time and longer means its going to take a long time to get these productive facilities up to speed and validated by our customers. That we could see in the mid-20.
Paul Knight: And then last Eric, why such good traction with Amgen?
Eric Green: Paul, I love to be able to announce all the customers, we have really good -- I have to tell you we have a really good connectivity with a lot of customers around the world. Amgen has just been one of those great partnerships that started when they started up and I believe we are on every injectable growth thats in the marketplace today. I think the reality is that and if are to get even closer to our customers that we are identifying and working with them to solve their problems and their needs and that's what West is good at. We'll hence that as we forward, so thank you for the question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Arnie Ursaner from - he is a private investor. Your line is open.
Arnie Ursaner: Couple of quick questions for you, in your revenue guidance, whats the mix between mixed and volume please?
Bill Federici: The mix between mixed and volume, its higher obviously on the mix change than the volume. We expect some order of magnitude about 2% to 3% on volume, a little bit of price just under 1% and the rest would be mix, Arnie. 
Arnie Ursaner: And in your backlog of jump of 29% what is the mix between high-value products and kind of the core or base business and how much of that backlog do you expect to ship -- the percent you expect to ship this year versus stuff that may move even further out.
Bill Federici: Yeah that's a great question. So I won't give you the actual percentages that are high-value products but the high-value product percentage of the total backlog is increasing that is one of the reasons why we have such great faith in the future but also the fact that it has caused the number of orders and the duration of those orders to expand. So normally we would see in our backlog a very high percentage of that backlog be actually produced and shipped in the following quarter. With our increased lead times and our customers additional orders both on the biologics and the engineering side, we're seeing that get pushed out not only to the next quarter being produced and shipped, but being in the next quarter, but in the subsequent quarters after that. So we're seeing a much more even distribution than a big bell-shaped curve for the high-value products and also for the overall backlog. So if we're looking at percentages rough numbers each of the quarters has increased the amount that we are going to be expect to manufacture and ship, but the ones in the - first quarter obviously is very high, but then the second, third quarters are higher than weve seen in the past as a percentage of the total. 
Arnie Ursaner: So whats evolving to your longest lead time at this point?
Eric Green: I am sorry, Arnie, I didnt catch the question.
Arnie Ursaner: The longest lead time products, how far out are going on those?
Eric Green: Well, we're in the mid-20s right which has come down from where we were with certain of the capacities and its not the entire plan, Arnie. Its just, for instance, we had a bottleneck in the washing area where we perform our West process. We've done some changes to the manufacturing footprint, weve actually decoupled the washing from the tack off and that has allowed us to increase the utilization of the wash loads there and has been a big benefit to us. So lead times are coming down, but as I mentioned in my commentary, we don't expect it to get through all of this and see the actual backlog return to a more normal levels until about third quarter of this year. 
Arnie Ursaner: Okay. Can you give us a quick update on the Arizona facility transition to SmartDose manufacturing?
Bill Federici: Yeah, Arnie, thats going quite well. We are ready to go with the ramp-up of commercial volume when they become available. So at this point, we are the  Arizona investments are in place and being validated. 
Arnie Ursaner: Okay, two final questions from me. Can you expand a little on the SmartDose sales decline? You obviously have quite a few products in development. We are hearing a lot of new news on large molecule products that would clearly benefit from SmartDose. I guess I'd like a better understanding what caused the slowdown in your view for the upcoming year and then I have a follow-up on that?
Eric Green: Thanks, Arnie. First of all, lets put into context, the slowdown was $2 million on our $1.5 billion business, so not a huge number, but it is reflective of the lumpiness of sampling activities in those proprietary products. As you know, last year, during the fourth quarter of 2014, we had lot of actual trial activity going on for SmartDose and that has subsequently ceased obviously for that one product. So you don't have that same level of orders coming through. Again, when we look at CZ and SmartDose, the sales level, we expect a significant increase in that sales level from the - rough number is 30 million that it is today to maybe even a 50% increase over that for 2016. But it's still small in terms of the overall context of our business. And high value products in the components proprietary part of this business is going to continue to drive the business in the short term, but important progress is being made on those technologies and we continue to see that and expect it to be very impactful at the back half for our plan.
Arnie Ursaner: Final question for me; you mentioned in your prepared remarks $45 million in 2016 from proprietary products and you also provided in the past your 2021 outlook review. Can you walk us  maybe give us a sense of the 2021 goal for proprietary product revenue in the past from the $45 million in '16 to the past in 2021?
Eric Green: In 2016, $45 million I think you're referring to, Arnie, is just CZ and SmartDose combined?
Arnie Ursaner: Correct.
Eric Green: Remember, there are other proprietary devices like our Medimop which is about $50 million and our safety product which is about $20 million. So overall our proprietary sales today are rough numbers, $100 million. And we expect that certainly to grow very significant teens, high teens to low-20s kind of rates, not over the time period and we expect when we look at the makeup of using the old segment nomenclature of delivery systems business, thats the combination of the proprietary delivery systems and the contract manufacturing, which right now is about 75-25, to be closer to 50-50 by the end of 2020.
Arnie Ursaner: Thank you very much. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line Dave Windley from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Dave Windley: Hi, thanks for taking the follow-up. On Ireland, slightly different twist on the question that was asked. I believe youre starting in Ireland with the rubber sheeting for your diabetes clients, at what point, if not already, at what point does that activity begin and what impact should we expect that to have, I guess, I am thinking primarily tax rate, but if that also has a margin impact, I would be interested in that as well.
Eric Green: Yes, Dave, we are looking at completion of Phase 1 of the Waterford expansion at the end of 2017 with commercial revenue working with our customers in early 2018. So thats the timeframe of going live with manufacturing now. The volume and the impact is actually quite small on the start-ups. So its very narrow on this particular portfolio. The bigger opportunity as we get into Phase 2 of Waterford of putting the capabilities of high-value packaging components in that facility, which will be more 18, 19 time period. 
Dave Windley: Okay. So that was going to be my question is, so we are talking about probably close to three, two and half years to three years to get Phase 1 in place, does it take that long to get Phase 2 in place. It sounds like, maybe not quite. 
Eric Green: Phase 1, just to remind you, it also has all the backbones of any additional expansion that will require on this campus, so its really more of a campus like manufacturing process. So it wont require the same amount of time to implement. 
Dave Windley: Okay. And then my last question on R&D and innovation, last quarter you called out in remarks that the development activity had shifted toward customer funded projects, which then was the reason why R&D was a little lower year-over-year. This quarter R&D in each segment jumped up a little bit year-over-year and I hear you talking about second generation SmartDose. If you could just maybe zoom out on that and help us understand what their trajectory is, the activities within R&D, are they more say, company funded and proprietary or are they more customer development projects where customers stepping into fund and how does that trajectory look over the next couple of years?
Bill Federici: Actually, there is two basic drivers to that going forward, right, the actual change that youve heard in Q4 and going forward is, one is looking at the next generation of SmartDose and that is launched and we are working on that at this point. And also, if you look at a high-value product portfolio in NovaPure thats specifically around the one and the three amount plungers that gives us an opportunity to invest in R&D and launch into commercial  meaningful commercial revenues down the road. So those are the type of investments. Now, I do want to just comment that as we  one of the changes that we made with our organization thats having multiple pockets of R&D and innovation in different parts of the organization, were bringing that together, so we can start looking at the interconnectivity between containment and delivery devices. So while it gives some efficiencies on leverage on our innovation group, we will still continue to invest and these are two particular areas that we have invested in Q4. 
Dave Windley: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: I am not seeing any other questioners in the queue at this time. So I would like to turn the call back over to management for closing remarks. 
Eric Green: Thanks, Andrew. An online archive of the broadcast will be available at the site three hours after the call. You can also dial-in for replay and that will be available through February 25, and those instructions are on the press release. Thank you again for attending on this call and we look forward to talking to you again on our March 10 Analyst Day. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you again for your participation in todays conference. This now concludes the program, and you may all disconnect your lines at this time. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: John Woolford - Westwicke Partners Eric Green - Chief Executive Officer Bill Federici - Chief Financial Officer Mike Anderson - Treasurer and Investor Relations
Analysts: Larry Solow - CJS Securities Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Dave Windley - Jefferies
Operator: Welcome to the West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc. Third Quarter 2015 Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded on behalf of West and is copyrighted material. It cannot be re-recorded or re-broadcast without the companys express permission. Your participation in this call implies your consent to our taping. If you have any objection, you may disconnect at this time. And now Id like to turn todays meeting over to Mr. John Woolford from Westwicke Partners. Sir, you may begin.
John Woolford: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Wests third quarter 2015 results conference call. We issued our financial results this morning, and the release has been posted in the Investors Section on the companys website located at www.westpharma.com. If you have not yet received a copy of this announcement, please call Westwicke Partners at 443-213-0500 and a copy will be sent to you immediately. Posted on the companys website under Investors on the Presentation Materials tab is a slide presentation that management will refer to in their remarks today. The presentation is in PDF format. I remind you that statements made by management on this call and in the presentation will contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. Federal Securities Law and that are based on managements beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. Many of the factors that will determine the companys future results are beyond the ability of the company to control or predict. These statements are subject to known or unknown risks or uncertainties, and therefore actual results could differ materially from past results and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement. For a non-exclusive list of factors which could cause actual results to differ from expectations, please refer to todays press release as well as any further disclosures the company makes on related subjects in the companys 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports. In addition, during todays call, management will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures including sales at constant currency, adjusted operating profit and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in this mornings earnings release. At this time, Id like to turn the call over to Eric Green, Wests Chief Executive Officer. Eric?
Eric Green: Thank you, John, and let me welcome you to our third quarter 2015 earnings call. Id like to start by apologizing for the technical difficulties for those that are dialing in. Today, Im joined on the call this morning by Bill Federici, our Chief Financial Officer, and Mike Anderson, our Treasurer and primary Investor Relations contact. During our commentary today, Bill and I will review our third quarter results, discuss our expectations for the remainder of 2015 and highlight our long-term business plan. We will then open up the call for your questions. Starting with the results on slide 3, I am pleased to report that we delivered another solid quarter and we are on track to finish the year strong. This is an exciting time at West. Not only are we achieving strong financial results, were also executing on our high value product growth strategy and making steady progress on our major drug delivery programs. Let me start with some additional detail on the financials. Third quarter reported revenues of $344.5 million increased 5.2% excluding a significant 8% currency headwind. Similarly, adjusted diluted EPS of $0.44 equaled the 2014 quarter overcoming $0.06 of adverse currency translation and grew 13.6% on a constant currency basis. This is primarily a result of strong sales performance for our high value products. Turning to slide 4 and starting with the pharmaceutical packaging systems segment, sales at constant currency grew at 8.5% on higher than market growth across all regions. Customer demand for high value packaging components continues to be strong led by Westar RS, coated components and distribution of Daikyo products. Envision and NovaPure product lines also had a strong demand in the quarter. This consistent performance reflects the unique value proposition Wests high value components provide for our customers, particularly those focused or facing an increase in stringent regulatory environments.  In fact, we are experiencing robust growth in our backlog of firm customer orders, particularly for Westar RS which we are actively addressing. This underscores the importance of continuing to free up and build capacity for these products in our current and future operations footprint. Sales in pharmaceutical delivery systems segment were comparatively lower due to the sale of a contract services business late in third quarter of last year and a decline in both reconstitution devices and SmartDose sales. We expect the category to recover in Q4. CZ and SmartDose sales continue to be uneven or lumpy because of the inherent nature of drug development. However, these programs are moving in the right direction and we are certainly encouraged by the progress in the quarter. To that point, the development of our SmartDose wearable injector continues to gain momentum in the marketplace with multiple active development programs in place, including a recently submitted application to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for Amgens Repatha. The application is for a 420-mg monthly dose to administer it as a single injection utilizing the SmartDose injector, which features a silicone-free CZ cartridge and a FluroTec-coated piston containment system. We are also aware that another product employing a CZ vial as the primary container has been recently approved by the FDA and this is in addition to the Q2 approval by the FDA of a previously marketed product that we expect to be reintroduced in a CZ vial in 2016. These developments demonstrate the value propositions behind these proprietary technologies, and we expect to build on the momentum. With regard to the plant expansions, weve previously reported our Kingston, North Carolina plant is now taking orders from customers for high value products and will serve as a critical additional capacity as we manage the increase in demand for these products. Our expansion in Waterford, Ireland is proceeding to plan. As a reminder, Phase One is designed to increase capacity for our proprietary rubber sheeting, which is used in insulin pen packaging. The plant is expected to be commercial production in early 2018. In addition, we are increasing our capacity in Dublin to service the increase in demand for our contract manufacturing capabilities for the diabetes market. Turning to our outlook for the remainder of the year on slide 5, we estimate 2015 sales at constant currency to grow at a low end of the 7% to 8% range. We expect a favorable product mix from stronger demand and throughput for our high value products, which will drive margin expansion. Therefore we are raising our adjusted EPS guidance range for the full year to be between $1.79 and $1.84 which represents a 15% to 19% growth on a constant currency basis over our results in 2014. On our last call I stated that I would update you on our five-year plan. Our plan is based on the same strategic imperatives that underline our success. It focuses on delivering high quality primary packaging and proprietary delivery systems for injectable medicines. Those markets are growing and in broad terms present the best opportunities for continued growth. We will continue to focus on our core strategic objectives while servicing our key market segments, among them biologics, generics and branded pharma to drive demand for our high value products and proprietary delivery systems. We will grow by being responsive to the different needs within each segment knowing that their particular priorities differ in important ways and delivering the right products in the right way to each. While our current long-term outlook is entirely organic based, we will remain open to opportunities to augment our growth through partnerships and bolt-on acquisitions to strengthen our packaging container and delivery system offerings. Finally, we will accelerate efforts throughout our global supply chain to drive operational excellence by aligning capabilities to support key end markets and optimizing the utilization of our existing asset base as well as new investments. In doing so, we believe we can improve service, quality and profitability. As a result, we expect we can attain fiscal year 2020 sales of $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion, operating margins in the range of 19% to 23%. Organic growth will continue to be driven by our proprietary technologies, which consist of high value packaging components and delivery systems, and by geographic expansion. Margin growth will be fueled by supply chain enhancements and product mix. I would like now to turn the call over to Bill Federici for a more detailed discussion on our financial results. Bill?
Bill Federici: Thank you, Eric, and good morning, everyone. We issued our third quarter results this morning reporting net income of $1.5 million or $0.02 per diluted share. Our reported results this quarter include a $0.42 one-time non-cash charge associated with the settlement of approximately 40% of our U.S. pension obligation. Excluding this charge, our adjusted earnings per diluted share are $0.44 this quarter, equal to our adjusted third quarter 2014 earnings per diluted share. Our 2015 earnings have been adversely impacted by the decline in the value of the euro and other currencies versus the U.S. dollar. The translation of our international results into U.S. dollars for reporting purposes has reduced our reported earnings by approximately $0.06 per share as compared to the prior year third quarter and by $0.24 per share through nine months. Turning to sales, slide 7 shows the major components of our consolidated sales increase. Excluding $30 million of exchange effects, our consolidated third quarter sales increased by 5.2% versus our third quarter 2014 sales. Excluding currency, packaging system sales increased 8.5% versus the same quarter 2014. Sales price increases accounted for 1.7 percentage points of the increase and the favorable mix of products sold and volume contributed the remainder of the increase. Sales of our high value products rose 14% versus the prior year third quarter. HVP sales represent 45.9% of packaging systems Q3 2015 sales versus 43.8% a year ago. We continue to see strong demand for our product offerings that meet our customers high quality expectations.  Delivery systems net sales decreased by 2.6% versus the prior year quarter ex-currency. Sales of our proprietary products were $22.5 million or 22.4% of the segments revenues in the quarter versus $28.4 million or 27.5% in the prior year quarter. The majority of the decrease in proprietary sales occurred in our reconstitution products following strong second quarter 2015 sales for those products. CZ and SmartDose were a combined $7.5 million in the current quarter, approximately $1 million less than the combined Q3 2014 sales of those products. Contract manufacturing sales increased by 4% at constant exchange rates. As provided on slide 8, our consolidated gross profit margin for Q3 2015 was 31.4% versus the 30.9% margin we achieved in the third quarter of 2014. Packaging systems third quarter gross margin of 37% is 1.7 margin points higher than the 35.3% achieved in Q3 2014. The increase in gross margin is due to continuing favorable sales mix, modest price increases and lower raw material costs, offset by normal inflationary increases in labor costs and volume related increases in overhead costs. Delivery systems third quarter gross margin declined by 3 margin points to 17.3%, primarily due to the weaker product mix of sales and increased overhead costs associated with new capacity. As reflected on slide 9, Q3 2015 consolidated SG&A expense decreased by $1.4 million versus the prior year quarter. Our favorable exchange effect offset higher incentive comp expense and merit increases. As a percentage of sales, third quarter 2015 SG&A expense was 15.8% versus 15.7% in Q3 2014. Slide 10 shows our key cash flow and balance sheet metrics. Our year-to-date operating cash flow is $7.5 million higher than the first nine months of 2014, despite the negative impact of exchange rates and the higher level of pension funding in 2015. Our year-to-date results include non-cash charges of $10.9 million in Q2 for executive retirement and the $49 million pension settlement charge in the third quarter. We have made a $15 million voluntary contribution to the pension plan in Q4 in order to restore the asset funding level of the plan to what it was before the annuity purchase. Our capital spending was $86.8 million for the first nine months of 2015, approximately the same as in the prior year period. We expect to spend approximately $145 million to $155 million in capital in 2015 and approximately 50% of our planned capital spending is dedicated to new products and expansion activities, including approximately $26 million for the construction of our new Waterford facility. Our balance sheet continues to be strong and were confident that our business will provide necessary future liquidity. Our cash balance at September 30 was $256.8 million, $1.5 million more than our December 2014 balance. Foreign exchange reduced our September 2015 overseas cash balances by approximately $17 million. Debt at September 30 was $302.5 million, $34 million less than at year end. Our net debt-to-total-invested capital ratio at quarter end was 4.4%. Working capital at September 30 totaled $381 million, roughly $26 million lower than at year end. The majority of the decrease is due to the reclassification to current liability of our euro notes which mature in February of 2016. Looking ahead, our current backlog of committed packaging systems orders stands at $397 million, 23% higher than at the prior year end excluding exchange. In addition to new business, our backlog growth includes an increase in longer dated orders due to the longer lead times we are experiencing for high value products in one of our facilities. Many of those orders are scheduled for 2016 delivery. Excluding the impact of those advance orders, we estimate that our backlog would have increased 10% to 15% versus the prior year end. We expect our order backlog will decrease as a result of the actions we have taken, increased throughput in that facility and as customers validate recently added HVP capacity. Based on our year-to-date 2015 results and our analysis of the orders on hand and the continuing unfavorable currency effects, we have raised the lower end of our full-year 2015 earnings guidance in this mornings release. That guidance is summarized on slide 5. We have based our guidance on an exchange rate of $1.10 per euro, the same assumption we used in our prior guidance. As a reminder, each $0.01 strengthening of the dollar versus the euro results in approximately a $0.01 decrease in full year forecasted EPS as a result of translation. Going forward, we expect a $0.03 to $0.04 currency translation headwind in quarter four. In addition, our 2015 guidance excludes any impact from a devaluation of the Venezuelan bolivar, as we continue to operate primarily under the official exchange rate that excludes executive retirement and pension settlement charges. Also in Q4, we intend to repatriate approximately $128 million of cash held by non-U.S. subsidiaries. We do not expect to incur any additional tax costs associated with this repatriation. Id now like to turn the call back over to Eric Green. Eric?
Eric Green: Thank you very much, Bill. In summary, we had a great quarter. Im very pleased with our continued strong execution of the high value product strategy and our steady progress with key drug delivery development programs.  This concludes our prepared remarks for today, and now we look forward to answering your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Larry Solow of CJS Securities. Your line is open.
Larry Solow: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Eric Green: Good morning, Larry.
Larry Solow: Just maybe starting from the 2020 goals and then working my way back to just a couple of current questions, when you look out at those goals, I dont know if you want to give any more color on the difference between PPS and PDS, but how do you look at PPS in particular? Do you look at particular categories like the PD-1 inhibitor category for instance is one, and multiple categories? Or do you do it more as a top down looking, just like sort of get how you get your growth rates and assumptions?
Eric Green: Yes, Larry, good morning and great question. So, we actually went through a pretty detailed process over the last three months and its one of the actions that I wanted to take as I stepped into the role here at West. And we pulled in a number of our colleagues around the world, different disciplines, different expertise in the industry. And the process we used was I want to refer to as a bottoms-up approach. We took a look at the end markets. We took a look at where its attractive to play such as we mentioned earlier about the biologics, the branded pharma, the generic space. And we have identified that our portfolio and the high value products portfolio plays very nicely on the trend of the marketplaces. So when we pulled these numbers together to represent and present to you today, we did take a look at what we currently have, the pipelines and also where the markets going and took advantage of that opportunity. Now, Ill turn it to Bill to talk a little bit about how do we got to the $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion, because there is a currency impact when you look at prior year guidance.
Bill Federici: Yes, thank you, Eric. And as Eric mentioned, when we looked at our long-term plans last year, the value of the euro was a lot higher. It was $1.25 per euro, whereas now were using an assumption of $1.10.
Larry Solow: Right.
Bill Federici: That on order of magnitude was about $175 million worth of sales difference in and of itself. In terms of the makeup, the other part of your question about what is included, just as a reminder, of the top 35 biologics by IMS data, we or Daikyo components are on each of those top 35.
Larry Solow: Right. So, again, the theme, it doesnt matter who wins. I guess you guys will participate. And as you look back, ex-currency, changes in currency, do you feel that your 2019 goals are, as youre now a year later, are you running relatively close to those plus or minus?
Bill Federici : Yes. Yes, absolutely. Theyre still in line with those ranges we gave.
Larry Solow: Okay. And then just coming in a little closer to your guidance for next year, just on your top line, your 6% to 8%, do you expect that to be carried more by PPS, and would maybe PDS at least slow down, at least the SmartDose portion of that slow down perhaps in the first half of the year as some of the later stage trials - obviously the one with Amgen has stopped, and I guess you wont - youll get maybe some commercial sales in the back half of the year, but how you look at sort of the PPS versus PDS, are you ready to give any more color on that?
Eric Green: Yes. Larry, when you look at the high-value products portfolio and the continued growth that weve seen in strong double digits this year, we believe that will carry into 2016. When it comes to the proprietary technologies around SmartDose and CZ, while we believe that theres attractive growth in that area, and in fact were looking at about a 50% growth on that portfolio, but, again, thats a small piece of our entire business at this point. With the recent announcement with Amgen, and it was discussed on their call last night, were in a good position with, when we talk about the wearable injector being part with Repatha going forward, but its too premature to start talking about volumes and revenues at this point.
Larry Solow: Okay. And just a couple more quickly, the longer lead times and the PPS backlog of 23%, is it - have you requested that for your customers? Is it because there is a high-class problem? I mean, is demand accelerating to the point where you need to do this? Is there production issues that you have come into and thats why youre expanding capacity? Or is it really just a high-class demand problem that will work itself through?
Eric Green: Yes, Larry, its a good question, and the way you phrased that, high-class problem, is a good way to describe it. Weve had an increase in demand a little greater than we anticipated when it comes to specifically around the Westar RS portfolio, which is primarily driven out of one plant where the backlog started to increase, and thats our Jersey Shore facility in Northern Pennsylvania. Now, what we have done is obviously were in direct communication with our customers on a constant basis, but what we have done is weve employed strong lean manufacturing principles at that site, and weve already seen significant benefits on throughput in the last several weeks in our facility. So, we believe this is an issue driven by customer demand that were able to contain and to work through over the next number of months. Now, I do want to comment that in addition to improving the productivity of our Jersey Shore facility, the Kingston, North Carolina investment that weve made is coming online right now with validation with customers so we can alleviate some of that bottleneck through our new facility in North Carolina. So its - were managing through this. We believe we have our hands firmly around this situation. Were working with our customers. And we believe we will continue to be able to support the growth that were seeing with that portfolio.
Larry Solow: Okay, and just lastly, what - do you have what your thoughts on the - with the pension settlement, what the impact will be on a go-forward basis on the P&L?
Bill Federici : Sure, Larry. The pension expense will go up a little bit versus the current year, approximately $2 million. And, again, that depends on what happens with discount rates.
Larry Solow: Thats right, right.
Bill Federici : And the reason that its counterintuitive is that you have - the way pension accounting works youve had a whole bunch of unamortized losses in the past that have been accumulated on the balance sheet. So that charge that you see is basically the acceleration of some of that unamortized loss. Its a noncash charge, and you set that aside. So going forward, though, youve used assets to pay for that, for the annuity purchase
Larry Solow: Right.
Bill Federici : And therefore, earning the rate of return in the assumptions that are used by the actuaries to set the pension expense. And theres a rate arbitrage there between the rate that youre earning, which is roughly rough order of magnitude 7% versus the discount rate, which is 4.5%. So that difference youre losing on all of those assets. So going forward your pension expense increases a little bit.
Larry Solow: Got it, but
Bill Federici : The reason - go ahead, Larry.
Larry Solow: No, I was just going to say, its essentially a small price to pay for - you reduce your volatility on almost half of your pension. So in terms of -
Bill Federici : And we reduce the amount of PBGC premiums from the fact that we have 1,700 less retirees in the plan.
Larry Solow: Got it. Great, thanks. Thanks, Bill. I appreciate it.
Bill Federici : Thank you, Larry.
Eric Green: Thank you, Larry.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Derik de Bruin with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Derik De Bruin: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Bill Federici: Good morning, Derik.
Derik De Bruin: So, looking at your 2020 target, and just sort of like a question, so Im going back, Im looking at my model, Im looking at some of the other forecasts youve made. And when I just sort of go back and look at your 2012 commentary for your Analyst Day and your 2014, in 2012 you were targeting $1.7 billion to $1.9 billion for 2016. It looks like where your guidance is sitting is somewhere around $1.5 billion, or a couple of hundred million dollars short, realizing about $100 million of that is FX.  Same thing when I look at the 2017 numbers. You were targeting somewhere in the $1.8 billion to $2 billion, also about $100 million light from the light end. So Im just - Im just once again just trying to get from you whats your confidence in that number to hit? Because the way Im looking at it youve got to basically do mid-to-high single-digit growth in PPS and then mid-to high-teens growth in the delivery systems business to sort of even get anywhere near the low end of your range. And given that things always seem to take a little bit longer with your business to mature for people to update products, Im just wondering why youre so confident in the numbers?
Bill Federici: So, let me take the first part of it, Derik. The one thing you have to remember, and we talked about it with Larry, is that theres a very large currency difference assumption in those models, whether you look at the prior year or prior years before that. We were operating in a much different currency environment versus the U.S. dollar. So they were - one year it was $1.33, another was $1.25. So the - this year, if you just want to use the 2019 numbers we predicted last year versus this year, the currency impact alone is $175 million.
Derik De Bruin: Okay.
Bill Federici: So your $100 million change is really not significant when you take the currency impact out from those years.
Derik De Bruin: Okay.
Bill Federici: In terms of our confidence, Ill let Eric speak to the confidence.
Eric Green: Yes, its Erik, and just to reiterate, and we spent a tremendous amount of time looking into the details about the markets and where we currently are and what are the expectations going forward. We are focused on the more attractive markets that are growing in the double-digits. And so, our belief on the high-value products portfolio is that well continue to be able to service our customers globally to be able to continue with that market trend. In addition, if you look at some of the geographic presence that we currently have today, it gives us another lever to continue to drive additional growth to West. Its particularly around the - what we call the PPS business today.  When you turn your attention towards more the PDS, the proprietary around CZ and SmartDose, those are really in smaller phases today. But were seeing strong signals of acceptance and then the pipeline of going forward. There could be some timing issues as we look over the next short term, i.e., one or two years. But the responses were getting from customers give us confidence that we do have the right value proposition with those new innovations and technologies. So that really focuses on the top line.  When you look at the margin expansion, Derik, theres two levers that we have. Obviously price, lets put aside price at this point when we look at the operational excellence capabilities we have at West today. We do have 28 manufacturing sites around the world. We do have the ability to leverage and start utilizing our existing assets a little differently than weve had historically. So, I think theres an opportunity that clearly has been vetted on the margin expansion going forward.
Derik De Bruin: Okay, thanks. Thats helpful. So just as it stands today the impacts to FX in 2016, I mean, youre talking 6% to 8% constant currency growth, so is it - Im looking about - where my calculations somewhere would be around a 1% to 2% FX headwind on the top line for next year, as well, where were standing?
Bill Federici: We havent done that math, Derik, but that doesnt sound unreasonable.
Derik De Bruin: Okay. So, youre repatriating cash, any particular plans for that?
Bill Federici: Yes, sure. We mentioned two things, Derik. The first one was that in February of 2016 we have our Series B euro notes, rough order of magnitude $70 million, mature. And the second thing is that we have looked at this build that we have in Ireland, and we have a significant amount of CapEx that were going to be going through. So, we look at those, at the cash to be able to help those as well as other general corporate uses.
Derik De Bruin: Great. So there is obviously a lot of stuff on the tape on consolidation. Obviously theres the Pfizer/Allergan news thats out, and some of the other companies are having some troubles in the news. I guess how does the sort of the consolidation environment, the changes there, does that have any impact on sort of how your outlook is thinking? I mean, could there be some sort of downturn in or changes in some of your packaging contracts with some of these players? 
Eric Green: Derik, when we look at the outlook of the impact of potential for the consolidation in the industry, for us at West its a minimal impact because many of our products are already in the commercial phase and therefore whether its two firms or one firm coming together we are able to continue to supply and capture those revenues going forward. I think where you see a little bit of potential delay is in the development arena when the two companies do consolidate, which could push out a couple of projects a little bit longer than we would anticipate. But overall if you look at our business its very low impact for West.
Derik De Bruin: Great. Thanks.
Bill Federici: Thank you Derik.
Eric Green: Thank you Derik.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Dave Windley from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Dave Windley: Hi. Good morning gentleman. Thanks for taking my questions. I was hoping to get a little bit of insight into the sales progress for proprietary delivery products or devices that are not SmartDose and CZ, so reconstitution systems and things like that, the old Medimop and some of the other smaller things that you had acquired into that business a while back.
Eric Green: Great.
Bill Federici: Yes, Dave, thank you. And they - we talked about the quarter being slightly down for those products. Medimop was slightly lower. We do expect that category, as Eric mentioned in his commentary, to rebound in Q4. We see strong growth coming out of those proprietary products. Going forward beyond, we do see lots of opportunities for the Medimop reconstitution products and expect that that will continue to grow for us as we go forward.  Just as with all of these proprietary device products, there is very small bases, Dave. So even Medimop, which has relatively been in the market for a long time, is still only a $50 million a year product line for us. Safety, which is the other commercialized proprietary product portfolio, is running around $20 million this year. So theyre small. They will continue to grow nicely. We believe that that strategy, these are products that are needed by our customers, who continue to work on development with us in those arenas. And we dont expect these to be a major contributor to the kind of growth in delivery systems that we see for SmartDose and CZ, but we do see them as being nice contributors and nice growers going forward.
Dave Windley: Thank you for that. And maybe sticking with that topic and moving out to the long-term planning, when you think about your PDS revenue contribution to your 2020 targets, what would you anticipate the mix of those proprietary devices, what percentage of the PDS sales will proprietary comprise by that point?
Bill Federici: Again, thanks, Dave. We have been talking in the past about it getting to a point - right now its about 75/25, 75% contract manufacturing, 25% proprietary. Weve been talking for years about getting towards that 50/50 milestone of mix proprietary versus contract manufacturing, and we still see that as being our guidepost for this 2020. Now, all that being said, we have, as you see in the release and in Erics comments, put a $200 million revenue range in the plan. And, to be honest, thats - a lot of that is due to the fact that we do not control the timing of our customers development and commercialization of CZ and SmartDose. So, we cannot put a single stake in the ground for you, but I can tell you that we still have high confidence that we will be marching consistently towards that 50/50 milestone that weve set for ourselves.
Dave Windley: And so not to - I guess Im just thinking a little along the lines of Deriks questions about weve - 50/50 is what youve said in the past. Youre saying that again today. Weve kind of rolled forward one more year on the long-term planning. Should I attribute the fact that youre not seeing, say, that number in 2020 being further than you might have seen it in 2019 just a matter of difficulty in sticking a flag in the ground type of thing and the uncertainty around this over that time period?
Bill Federici: Absolutely. Absolutely, thats exactly the way I would think about it.
Dave Windley: Okay. Is it possible to give for the two segments some type of - Im hesitant to ask you to be too specific on this, because Im guessing you probably wont be - but some type of sense of margin differential between, as it stands today, between high-value products and standard in packaging and proprietary and contract manufacturing in delivery?
Bill Federici: Absolutely, can do that for you, Dave, easy. So, its consistent with what weve said in the past. High-value products are running gross margin over the last five years about 55% versus standard packaging, which is around just under 30%. And those are not exact, but those are good mileposts for you going forward. On the delivery systems side, contract manufacturing, we are slightly less than 20% on a contract manufacturing gross margin basis, whereas with proprietary today were not that much better. Were probably in the high 20s, low 30s, but thats really volume related, not pushing - not having as much throughput through those plants on a very lumpy, as we said, basis for those products. When we go out further in the plan we see our margins getting into, for those types of products, for the proprietary delivery system products, being in the high 30s. In fact, some of them, like Medimop, are 49% already as theyre commercialized, but from the high 30s into - up to 50% gross margin.
Dave Windley: Okay. And my last question and Ill drop off, I apologize, Eric, so I was reading through the press release and I have been unable to find the reference, but I thought there was a reference, it kind of sounded like changes in the global infrastructure of the business over the long-term planning period that would allow for greater efficiency, et cetera. And I know in a previous conversation you and I had talked a little bit about that. I wondered if you could flesh that out a little bit for me.
Eric Green: Yes, Dave, no, when we look at our global operations, and one of the areas that were looking at is to implement more around lean manufacturing capabilities, because we do have tremendous assets on the ground today, and that has been one of the main reasons why West has been very successful. They refer to the moat around the business, right? And so we will continue to leverage the assets on a global basis. And we do believe through lean manufacturing and continuing the direction around network optimization, which weve discussed in the past, are levers that we will continue to pull aggressively to make sure that we are expanding our margins beyond just price and product mix.
Dave Windley: Okay. So that sounds a little more direct-cost oriented. I guess I was thinking that you had an eye toward doing some things around perhaps global or regional SG&A support operations and things like that. Am I misreading, misremembering?
Eric Green: No, Dave, I think theres a couple of areas that we have is we are starting to use the nomenclature of centers of excellence around our key product portfolios, like high-value products, for example. Were focusing in the future around three locations Singapore; Waterford, Ireland; and Kingston, North Carolina as the primary locations of centers of excellence. I think secondly is we do currently have regional infrastructure in Asia, Europe, and obviously here in the U.S., and were looking at how can we reinforce particularly markets where the attractiveness of growth is ahead of us, so, i.e., China. We have presence there, but how do we reinforce that and continue to have the strong double digits that weve been seeing this year? Also India we have a very strong presence. You go down to South America, Brazil, we have a pretty strong presence there in addition. So those are the areas that well reinforce to make sure that we have the capabilities in the regions to be able to service the customers locally and to respond to their needs on a local basis.
Dave Windley : Okay. Thank you.
Eric Green: Thanks, Dave.
Bill Federici : Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And Im not showing any further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Eric Green for any further remarks.
Eric Green: Great. Thank you, operator, and thank you everyone for your time today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our fourth quarter call in February. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: John Woolford - Westwicke Partners Eric Green - CEO Bill Federici - CFO Mike Anderson - Treasurer & IR
Analysts: Larry Solow - CJS Securities Derek Brown - Bank of America
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the West Pharmaceutical Services Second Quarter 2015 Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions following at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder this call is being recorded on behalf of West and is copyrighted material. It cannot be rerecorded or rebroadcast without the company's expressed permission. Your participation in this call implies your consent to our taping. If you have any objection, you may disconnect at this time. And now, I would like to [indiscernible] the meeting over to Mr. John Woolford from Westwicke Partners. Sir, you may begin.
John Woolford: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. And welcome to West's second quarter 2015 results conference call. We issued our financial results this morning and the release has been posted in the Investor section on the company's Web site located at www.westpharma.com. If you have not received a copy of this announcement, please call Westwicke Partners at (443) 213-0500 and a copy will be sent to you immediately. Posted on the company's website under Investors on the Presentation Materials tab is a slide presentation that management will refer to in their remarks today. The presentation is in PDF format. Should you require a link to a free download of software that will enable users to view that presentation is also available on the website.  I remind you that statements made by management on this call and in the presentation will contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. Federal Securities Law and that are based on management's beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. Many of the factors that will determine the company's future results are beyond the ability of the company's control or predict. These statements are subject to known or unknown risks or uncertainties and therefore, actual results could differ materially from past results and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement. For a non-exclusive list of factors which could cause actual results to differ from expectations, please refer to today's press release as well as any further disclosures that company makes on related subjects in the company's 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K reports. In addition, during today's call, management may make reference to non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted operating profit and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in materials accompanying this morning's earnings release. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Eric Green, West's Chief Executive Officer. Eric?
Eric Green: Thank you, John and good morning everyone. Welcome to West's second quarter 2015 earnings call. I'm joined on the call this morning by Bill Federici, our Chief Financial Officer; and Mike Anderson, our Treasurer and Primary Investor Relations Contact. Today, I will review our second quarter results, full year outlook and share my reflections about the business after three months with West. Bill will then provide a deeper review into the financial performance and full year guidance, then we will open up the call for your questions. Starting with the results on Slide 3. We had a strong second quarter with reported revenues of $359.7 million, excluding a 9.9% currency headwind, sales increased 7.4% driven by demand for high value packaging components and proprietary delivery systems. Adjusted EPS of $0.47 includes $0.09 at adverse currency versus last year and would have grown by nearly 8% over the second quarter of prior year on a constant currency basis. As a reminder, second quarter of 2014 EPS set a record for West. Turning to business segment highlights for the quarter on Slide 4. Revenue in the Pharmaceutical Packaging Systems segment grew 8.5% on a constant currency basis, with double-digit growth in Europe, Asia-Pacific and South America. We continue to experience strong customer demand for the high value packaging components with sales growth of over 12% led by our newer Envision and NovaPure product lines. In our pharmaceutical delivery systems business, revenue grew 6% excluding currency and taking into account the disposition of a small tooling business in 2014. The segment was led by 9.3% growth in the proprietary delivery systems portfolio, we are just [indiscernible] excited about the prospects for SmartDose and CZ products, but the majority of the growth in this quarter came from the more mature proprietary products drug, the constitution devices and the air safety system. The second quarter and year-to-date results together with our packaging systems backlog of firm orders and improving visibility into the second half adds to our confidence for the remainder of the year. We estimate constant currency sales growth in the range of 7% to 8% and are therefore raising a lower end of our adjusted EPS guidance range for the full year by $0.05 to be between $1.74 and $1.84. Bill will take you through some of the additional detail behind these numbers in a few minutes.  To update you on the leadership transition, the past 100 days have gone extremely well. As I mentioned in our April call, I was excited to come to West and I could tell you that my experience thus far has exceeded my expectations. Ive spent a significant amount of time with Don Morel and our leadership team visiting several West locations, meeting with key customers and partners and engaging with many of you in the investor community. It was time well spent and I was fortunate to have the opportunity to work alongside Don up to his retirement date on July 1st. I want to again acknowledge and thank Don for many contributions he had made to West during his long tenure as the CEO. Our current success and future prospects are rooted in the strategies, culture and goodwill created under his leadership.  Looking forward on Slide 5, we are making investments in West's future growth initiatives around high value products for Biologics and proprietary delivery devices utilizing CZ and SmartDose. To support the increasing demand for ultra clean particulate-free components in the near term, we added to a high value product capacity with new dedicated clean room manufacturing in Kingston, North Carolina. We have begun receiving customer approvals for additional high value products from this plant and expect to ship commercial product in the third quarter. In June, we officially broke around for a new plant in Waterford, Ireland. This investment is designated to service our key customers in a global diabetes market, which will address the increasing demand for these critical components. I would like now to turn the call over to Bill Federici for a more detailed discussion of our financial results. Bill?
Bill Federici: Thank you, Eric and good morning everyone. We issued our second quarter results this morning reporting net income of $27.8 million or $0.38 per diluted share. Our reported results this quarter include a $0.09 per diluted share one-time charge associated with executive retirements. Excluding this charge, our adjusted earnings per diluted share are $0.47 this quarter, $0.05 below the $0.52 per diluted share earned in the second quarter of '14.  Our 2015 earnings have been adversely impacted by the continued decline in the value of the euro and most other foreign currencies in relation to the U.S. dollar. A translation of our international results into U.S. dollars for reporting purposes has reduced our reported earnings by approximately $0.09 per share as compared to the prior year second quarter and by $0.18 per share for the year-to-date June comparison. We manage our foreign currency [indiscernible] exposures and generally our local operations are naturally hedged.  Turning to sales, Slide 6 shows the components of our consolidated sales increased. Excluding exchange effects, our consolidated second quarter sales of $359.7 million increased by 7.4% versus our second quarter 2014 sales. Packaging system sales increased 8.5% versus the same quarter 2014, excluding exchange. Sales price increases accounted for 1.2 percentage points in the sales increase and the favorable mix of product sold and volume increases contributed the remainder of the increase. Sales of our high value products rose 12% versus the prior year second quarter. High value products represented 45.9% of packaging systems Q2 2015 sales versus 44.4% a year ago. We continue to see strong customer demand for our product offerings that need our customers' high quality specification.  Delivery system sales increased by 6% versus the prior year quarter ex-currency and excluding the 2014 divestiture of a contract tooling and services business. Sales of our proprietary products were $29 million or 28.3% of the segments revenue in the quarter versus 27 million or 27.1% in the prior year quarter. The combined Q2 revenues from CZ and SmartDose of $8 million were roughly equal to the combined 2014 Q2 sales. Contract manufacturing sales increased by 4.9% at constant rates, excluding the impact of the tool [sharp] divestiture.  As provided on Slide 7, our consolidated gross profit margin for Q2 '15 was 32.8% 8% versus the 33% margin we achieved in the second quarter of 2014.  Packaging systems second quarter gross margin of 38.1% was three-tenth of a margin point higher than the 37.8% achieved in the second quarter of '14. The increase in gross margin is due to price increases, the favorable mix of sales and lower raw material costs offset by normal inflationary increases in labor and overhead costs.  Delivery systems second quarter gross margin declined by one margin point to 19.3%, primarily due to the 2014 divestiture of the tooling operation and higher labor and increased overhead costs associated with new capabilities, supporting both proprietary and contract manufacturing customer programs. As reflected on Slide 8, Q2 2015 consolidated SG&A expense increased by $3.3 million versus the prior year quarter. A favorable exchange effect partially offset increased sales and marketing expense related to our global sales meeting held in Q2 2015, which was last held in 2013 as well as increases in regulatory personnel, cost of standardized processes and information service costs in our packaging systems division as compared to Q2 2014. General corporate costs were $3.2 million above the prior year quarter, due to higher incentive compensation costs, a 2014 medical insurance cost reduction and higher stock-based compensation costs, offset by a decrease in U.S. pension costs. As a percentage of sales, second quarter 2015 SG&A expense was 16.9% versus 15.6% in the second quarter of 2014. Slide 9 shows our key cash flow and balance sheet metrics. Our year-to-date operating cash flow is $2.6 million above what we generated in the first six months of 2014, despite the negative impact of exchange rates and the higher level of pension funding in 2015. The majority of the $10.9 million executive retiring charge will be settled in stock and is not expected to impact our cash flow.  Our capital spending was $57 million for the first six months of 2015, approximately the same as at this time in 2014. We expect to spend approximately 145 million to 155 million in capital in 2015. Approximately 60% of our planned capital spending is dedicated to new products and expansion initiatives, including approximately $28 million for the construction of our new Waterford facility. Our balance sheet continues to be strong and we are confident that our business will provide necessary future liquidity. Our cash balance at June 30th was $252 million, [$3.3 million] less than our December '14 balance foreign exchange reduced our June 2015 overseas cash balances by approximately $13 million. Debt at June 30th was $326.7 million, 10 million less than at year-end. Our net debt to total invested capital ratio at quarter-end was 7%. Working capital totaled $366 million at June 30, $40 million lower than at year-end. The majority of the decrease is due to the reclassification to current liabilities of our Series B euro notes, which mature in February of '16.  Looking ahead, our backlog of committed packaging systems order stands at $350 million at June 2015, 8% higher than at year-end excluding exchange. At June 2015, the percentage of high value products in the total backlog is approximately the same as in the 2014 June backlog. Based on our year-to-date 2015 results, our analysis of the orders on hand and the continuing unfavorable currency effects, we have increased the lower end of our full year 2015 earnings guidance in this morning's release.  That guidance is summarized on Slide 10. We've based our guidance on an exchange rate of $1.10 per euro versus the $1.08 per euro rate used in our prior guidance. As a remainder, each one penny strengthening of the dollar versus the euro results in approximately a $0.01 decrease in full year forecasted EPS as a result of translation. Going forward, we expect a $0.05 to $0.06 currency translation headwind in Q3 and another $0.03 to $0.04 headwind in Q4. In addition, our 2015 guidance excludes any impact from a devaluation of the Venezuela and Bolivar, as we continue to operate primarily under the official exchange rate and it excludes the charge associated with our executives retirement and related costs. Id now like to turn the call back over to Eric Green. Eric?
Eric Green: Thank you, Bill. In summary, our 7,000 colleagues around the world delivered a solid quarter and a strong first half of 2015. After my first 100 days, I am more firmly convinced that West is well position to benefit from the positive market trends with increased demand for our high value packaging components and proprietary delivery systems. In addition we are investing appropriately to meet the future needs of our customers and deliver increased shareholders value. Thank you. We now look forward to answer your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. First question is from Larry Solow of CJS Securities. Your line is open.
Q : Looking if you guys could just on the strong higher value [indiscernible] sales. I realize it's one quarter that doesnt necessarily make a trend and I know some of the newer products are coming off of much smaller basis, but I guess nice to see Envision and NovaPure sort of carrying some of the growth load this quarter. Have you any color on that?
 Larry Solow: Looking if you guys could just on the strong higher value [indiscernible] sales. I realize it's one quarter that doesnt necessarily make a trend and I know some of the newer products are coming off of much smaller basis, but I guess nice to see Envision and NovaPure sort of carrying some of the growth load this quarter. Have you any color on that?
Eric Green: Yes, we are very pleased with the results of our high value products portfolio. It continues to gain traction and acceptance in the market as more of our customers are requiring the higher quality of the end product -- the components with our end products. So we are seeing the demand continues to play well with how West is positioned and also how our operations are being optimized to support these customers in all geographies.
Q : And then CZ vials, any update. I know you sort of -- I think you have sighted the two recent approvals, two products I think that we have heard that. Any sort of update, how -- is the development pipeline expanding? Any thoughts on that.
 Larry Solow: And then CZ vials, any update. I know you sort of -- I think you have sighted the two recent approvals, two products I think that we have heard that. Any sort of update, how -- is the development pipeline expanding? Any thoughts on that.
Eric Green: Yes Larry, the pipeline of our CZ program still remain very robust. Right now we have 13 CZ programs in formal stability studies and the outlook continues to be positive.
Q : And just back to on the gross margin, in light of some improved visibility and it sounds like packaging systems is doing well. Thoughts on you have your targeted gross margin for the year sort of implies a bit of a contraction in the back half of the year. Is that due to maybe a little slowdown or timing related on some of the higher value products or any other reason for that?
 Larry Solow: And just back to on the gross margin, in light of some improved visibility and it sounds like packaging systems is doing well. Thoughts on you have your targeted gross margin for the year sort of implies a bit of a contraction in the back half of the year. Is that due to maybe a little slowdown or timing related on some of the higher value products or any other reason for that?
Eric Green: Yes Larry, basically it's seasonality as if you look historically that's been the case. We have the summer shutdowns for preventive maintenance for both our shops in -- our factories in Europe as well as customers' and the start up after that we see -- generally, we see that the second half margins being slightly less than the first half. For the full year, I just want to remind you that we are guiding up for margins, both at the gross line and the operating profit line.
Q : And then just last, on SG&A, pretty decent rise if you take out the currency, it is about 12%, I know you sighted that the global timing of the sales meeting I guess this year versus last year, is that, if you take that out would SG&A look somewhat better or good?
 Larry Solow: And then just last, on SG&A, pretty decent rise if you take out the currency, it is about 12%, I know you sighted that the global timing of the sales meeting I guess this year versus last year, is that, if you take that out would SG&A look somewhat better or good?
Eric Green: Yes, there is a number of things and you hit on the one that the timing in our global sales meaning which didnt happen and though it came at all and then there is also in the second quarter of 2014, we actually had a slight reduction in our medical costs premiums due to some experience of adjustments made by the carrier. So we actually got a benefit in the 14 second quarter thats not there this year. And then also on incentive compensation, were tracking a little ahead of our goal, so we are taking those comp adjustments that positions up, so those are the three big ones. Were also adding some heads where we believe it makes a lot of sense in the regulatory space, our customers as the regulators and customers continue to drive towards cleaner product, we have the need for more and more regulatory expertise which is a key differentiator for West in the marketplace. So we will continue to invest in those types of expenses.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Derek Brown of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Derek Brown: Could you talk a little bit about capacity utilization and sort of how should we think about CapEx going into 2016?
Eric Green: Okay. So capacity utilization is a complicated story, but let me try to simplify, blow it down. On the PPS side in the business, we try to aim for an 85% or so utilization of our plans. However, thats not a perfect signs and certain of our aspects of the capacity especially in the high value products, especially around envision and especially around washing for Westar, we are very, very tax [ph] at capacity line, we are pushing up against the 100% and thats why you see our lead times I have been expanding. We are, as weve talked about were putting, we continue to invest very prudently in additional water capacity for Westar as well as a vision systems for envision and well continue as well as clean rooms for high value products but those are the key investments were making which we hope in the long-term along with our network optimization programs that were working on for the plans, well help elevate some of that strains in the plans. On the PDS side, its more on the contract manufacturing specifically. The utilization percentage is not nearly as high, they are in the kind of high-60s, low-70s and thats appropriate for that kind of business and we feel very comfortable with that right now.
Derek Brown: I think we've been surprised to just see how strong the packaging systems business has remained going forward and I would look at it otherwise down two quarters, so I guess when you sort of look at that, is this sort of growth level that you're seeing sustainable in the next year? And then sort of talking about it on the delivery system side, are you expecting to see that business accelerate?
Eric Green: Yes Derek, it's a really good point of packaging systems business we continue to see the outlook of the high value products to continue to be very robust. We believe we can continue to perform at similar levels that we have been performing and that's the reason I will add to continue to add capacities within the three main geographies of Asia, Europe and in U.S. Your point is valid and there are delivery devices business where we're looking at future investments that pay backs over the longer term and we're very optimistic with when we are sort of looking at the level engagement we have with the customers active programs with SmartDose, then I mentioned when it was in phase III and then also with the 13 programs with formal stability with the CD product portfolio. So it is, you are going to see it for longer term what the delivery systems business unit around.
Derek Brown: I mean, Ive been watching the stock and filling up for a number of years and certainly see the, always seems to be on the comp I mean is that -- are you less enthusiastic about seeing the avenue were in the past, I'm just curious in terms of your thought on that I mean on that business?
Eric Green: Let me start with by saying that the outlook for store remains very strong and there is a timeline for adoption by customers but what we're seeing with conversations with our clients is that the attributes allows them to be more effective in the end markets. So we believe that we have the right formula the customers uptakes are visible, there is more in the formal stability trials at this point so we're pretty optimistic about that and we'll continue to see demand in the CZ portfolio.
Derek Brown: And could you talk a little bit just about sort of your longer term vision in terms of international expansion and sort of market shares internationally and what sort of opportunity to add growth?
Eric Green: Yes Derek as you know this is an area that we focused on in the past quite a bit and I believe West is well positioned to take advantage of the market opportunities in some of the more in Asia and also in Latin America. I think our position today while we do have presence with the multinational in China and India and other geographies in Asia, we do have the opportunity to see more of an expansion. Now we have had, we put investments in China, India, Singapore, but I believe that our opportunity to growing faster and it present ourselves very nicely for West. So that is an area that we will continue to focus on and put little more energy and resources around that as we go forward.
Derek Brown: Can you just remind me in terms of the geographic split of the business, Im blanking?
Bill Federici: Its rough numbers in Asia took a little under 10%.
Derek Brown: Yes, okay.
Bill Federici: Its about $120 million of sales in Asia.
Derek Brown: And who your major agent competitors?
Bill Federici: Well, It depends obviously if you are talking about in China there are a number of companies that manufacture elastomers for drug product, if you are talking about the local markets there is a wide number, a large number. There are people that work with the multinationals we are the primary, we have market shares that are in similar to our western markets for the multinational, so in that kind of 60% to 70% range. In India it is a mix bag as well, but again we have very solid market shares with the multinationals in India as well.
Derek Brown: And so I guess, on your expansion plans is it, do you have to come in the market with lower priced option?
Eric Green: I believe there is a great opportunity to bring the West quality to the market where its not as prevalent and if you look at the cost of our product in the entire end drug delivery is a small percentage. Therefore to increase the level of quality and the acceptance of the drugs into other local market or the global markets, there is the need to pull more West quality into that system.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. No further questions at this time. Id like to turn the conference over to Eric Green for any closing remarks.
Eric Green: Thank you, operator. And thank you everyone for your time this morning we look forward to speaking with you again on our third quarter call in October. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: John Woolford - Westwicke Partners Don Morel - Chairman Eric Green - CEO Bill Federici - CFO Mike Anderson - Treasurer & IR
Analysts: Rafael Tejada - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Larry Solow - CJS Securities
Operator: Welcome to the West Pharmaceutical Services First quarter 2015 Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. This call is being recorded on behalf of West and is copyrighted material. It cannot be rerecorded or rebroadcast without the company's express permission. Your participation in this call implies your consent to our taping. If you have any objection, you may disconnect at this time. And now, I would like to turn today's meeting over to Mr. John Woolford from Westwicke Partners. Sir, you may begin.
John Woolford: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to West's first quarter 2015 results conference call. We issued our financial results this morning and the release has been posted in the Investors section on the company's website located at www.westpharma.com. If you have not received a copy of this announcement, please call Westwicke Partners at (443) 213-0500 and a copy will be sent to you immediately. Posted on the company's website under Investors on the Presentation Materials tab is a slide presentation that management will refer to in their remarks today. The presentation is in PDF format. Should you require it a link to a free download of software that will enable users to view the presentation is also available on the website. I remind you that statements made by management on this call and in the presentation will contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. federal securities law and they are based on management's beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. Many of the factors that will determine the company's future results are beyond the ability of the company to control or predict. These statements are subject to known or unknown risks or uncertainties and, therefore, actual results could differ materially from past results and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement. For a non-exclusive list of factors which could cause actual results to differ from expectations, please refer to today's press release as well as any further disclosures the company makes on related subjects in the company's 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K reports. In addition, during today's call, management may make reference to non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted operating profit and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in materials accompanying this morning's earnings release. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Don Morel, West's Chairman. Don?
Don Morel: Thank you very much, John, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to West's first quarter 2015 earnings call. Im joined this morning by Bill Federici, our Chief Financial Officer; and Mike Anderson, our Treasurer and Primary Investor Relations contact. Im also pleased to welcome Eric Green to the West team who, as was announced on April 15, was recently appointed Wests next Chief Executive Officer. Before Bill and I deliver our remarks on the quarter and our outlook for the year, I'd like to introduce Eric to provide a little background on his experience in Sigma-Aldrich and initial thoughts on joining West. Eric?
Eric Green: Thank you, Don, and good morning, everyone. Let me start by saying its a privilege to be here today as a member of the West community. West has a story 90-year history working alongside customers to provide innovative solution that impact patients lives around the world. As a chemist by training, I had the good fortune to develop my career in a scientific environment focused on enabling customers to improve the quality of life. And Im excited to continue that same journey at West. I spent 22 years with Sigma-Aldrich in multiple domestic and international markets that serve the research community including pharmaceutical and biotech firms and also provide small molecule and biologic active pharmaceutical ingredients to those end markets. As a market leader, Sigma-Aldrich was always focused on delivering innovative solutions for its global customers many of whom are also West customers. So its safe to say I've spent my entire career in an environment that has much in common with West, a global market leader in its own space, and a company focused on expanding, improving its product, technology and services to meet the changing needs of its customers. Our products are directly involved in delivering care to patients tens of millions of time each day. Thats an exceptional achievement, a big responsibility and exciting opportunity for West and for me. For the next two months, I will work with Don to ensure a smooth transition. I will update you on our results and the outlook at our next quarterly call in July. For today, I want to conclude my brief remarks by thanking Don for his visionary leadership over the past 13 years as Chairman and CEO at West. As a result of this leadership, we are positioned well for a bright future. We have a solid management team, strong financial foundation to build upon, and long term strategies that position us well to pursue new growth opportunities in new markets and geographies. Im looking forward to working with the West team to continue our success into the future. Now Ill turn the call back to Don.
Don Morel: Thanks, Eric, and again, welcome on board. Turning to our first quarter results, slide number three provides a high level summary of our financial performance during the quarter. The improving demand we experienced at the end of 2014 carried into the first quarter of 2015 especially for our high value product lines in the pharmaceutical packaging segment. Unfortunately, the true strength in our underlying business was matched by the relatively rapid strengthening of the dollar against the euro, which started in late 2014 and carried through the first quarter.  Our reported revenue were $335.9 million versus $346.8 million in the prior year period. At constant exchange rates, sales actually grew by 6.5% driven by demand for high value products in North America and Europe. Our gross margin improved by two full points to 32.7% and adjusted net income grew by more than 21% resulting in earnings per fully diluted share of $0.45 an 18.4% increase. Overall, a good start to the year with positive momentum as we begin the second quarter. Slide number four list operating highlights for the two business segments. Revenue growth in the packaging system division benefited from stronger sales in North America, South America and Europe increasing 7.7% versus the year ago at constant exchange rates. High value product sales grew just over 19% driven by Envision, FluroTec, Westar and Daikyo RSV. A very favorable product mix coupled with excellent operating efficiencies led to this segment's gross margin 3.7 margin points to a segment record 39.1%. These factors combined with prudent SG&A and R&D spending generated an 18.5% increase in operating profit during the quarter despite the top-line impact of currency. Sales in the delivery system segment were up 5.8% excluding currency effects and the disposition of a small tooling business in late 2014. Sales benefited from growth in both the contract manufacturing services business and our proprietary product line. Gross margin in the segment fell slightly as some of our proprietary and contract manufacturing sales growth came from lower margin development agreement revenues in addition to increased spending on new capacity. Slide number five provides an update for several of our key expansion in device development program. With the recent completion of our projects in India and China, the operations team and the packaging systems group is now focused on making sure we have sufficient capacity to meet the growing demand across our advanced high value closure system such as Westar RU, FluroTec, Envision and NovaPure. This is in direct response to ever tightening regulatory and customer demand for ultra clean particulate-free system. In our Kingston, North Carolina facility, weve added more than 20,000 square feet entirely dedicated to clean room manufacturing, B2 FluroTec coating, Westar washing and Envision final inspection. We are now in the validation phase and expect to begin shipping commercial products upon customer approval in the third quarter. Demand for the recently launched NovaPure line has been strong and, as I outlined in our February call, we continue to expand the range of products we offer under the NovaPure brand. Final design work is being completed on the facility planned for Waterford, Ireland and we expect construction to begin in the next few months. This facility will add much needed capacity for insulin packaging in addition to unique world class finishing operation for elastomer packaging components. It is targeted to begin operations in the first quarter of 2018. In the Delivery Systems Group, we are in the process of expanding our Dublin facility to accommodate additional volumes for an existing program and one substantial new program we expect to commence production in mid-2016. Were also adding SmartDose capacity to our Scottsdale, Arizona site to support anticipated growth in demand during the latter part of 2015. This expansion includes the ability to mold CZ cartridges for using SmartDose system. We were also notified by our customer that the 50 ml CZ vial previously discussed for an existing product had received regulatory approval. We expect revenues at peak volumes for this product to be in the range of $45 million per year. On another positive note, at a recent advisory committee meeting it was recommended that a new oncology product received approval which is packaged using a 2 ml CZ vial. Overall, Im very encouraged by the progress seen during the past few months on both our CZ and device platform programs. As we look at the remainder of 2015, our order book remains strong with a firm backlog of $352 million, a 11% ahead of the same period in 2014 and more than half of which is comprised of high value products. While the second quarter is filling in consistent with our expectation, our visibility looking at the second half of the year is somewhat limited at this point. Sales for the full year will again be driven by high value products for biologics, rise in sales of proprietary devices and sample requirements for ongoing development programs utilizing CZ and SmartDose. Although the underlying organic growth of our business will be healthy, our full year sales and earnings will be subject to the currency headwind from the strong U.S. dollar. For the full year in 2014, the euro dollar exchange rate averaged $1.33 whereas at the outset of 2015 the rate has been as low as $1.05 and is fluctuating in the range of the $1.05 to $1.10. Assuming an exchange rate of $1.08 for the remainder of the year currency translation would be expected to reduce sales by approximately $120 million and adjusted diluted EPS by $0.23 to $0.25 per share. On that basis, we estimate our 2015 adjusted earnings per share will fall in the range of $1.69 to $1.84. For the longer term, we continue to believe the strong pipeline of biologic drugs and expanded indications for approved molecules will sustain HVB growth in the packaging systems group and present numerous opportunities for our portfolio of devices. As we outlined in the February call, West is in excellent position to capture high value products and device sales for a substantial number of these new products. Indeed, virtually all of the new molecules that will be delivered by injection either recently approved or undergoing Phase III clinical trials in oncology, autoimmune disease, diabetics and infectious disease will utilize high value West for Daikyo packaging system for vial and prefilled syringe format. And with the recent announcement of the FDA advisory panel meeting in June, on June 9th and 10th on the anti-PCSK9 molecules, we expect these products could receive approval in the third quarter. I would now like to turn the call over to Bill Federici for a more detailed discussion of our financial results. Bill?
Bill Federici: Thank you, Don, and good morning, every one. We issued our first quarter results this morning reporting first quarter 2015 earnings of $32.9 million were $0.45 per diluted share versus the $038 per diluted share we reported in the first quarter of 14. There were no non-GAAP measures affecting earnings in either the current or the prior year first quarter. This quarter's reported 18% increase in diluted EPS was achieved despite the decline in the value of the euro which reduced our reported earnings by $0.08 per share. Turning to sales. Slide seven shows a component of our consolidated sales increase. Consolidated first quarter sales were $335.9 million, an increase of 6.5% over first quarter 2014 sales excluding exchange. Packaging system sales increased 7.7% versus the same quarter of 2014 sales excluding unfavorable exchange. Sales price increases in packaging systems were approximately 1.1 percentage point. The favorable mix of product sold and volume increases contributed the remainder of the sales increase with our high value products increasing 19% versus the prior year first quarter. High value products sales represented 46% of packaging system's Q1 2015 sales. The rise in HVP sales was not unexpected and we believe should be considered in the context of the 7% decline experienced in last years comparable first quarter which resulted from late 2013 customer inventory build. Importantly, for the full year of 2015, we expect an 8% to 12% growth in high value products sales versus 2014. In short, although we enjoyed a strong growth, we do not believe our first quarter results represent any change in the long term growth trajectory of our business. Delivery Systems sales increased by 5.8% versus the prior year quarter excluding exchange and the effects of the 2014 sale of a contract tooling and services business. Crystal Zenith and SmartDose product sales were $5.4 million in the current quarter approximately $1.6 million above the Q1 2014 level. Overall, sales of proprietary products were $23 million or 24% of the segment's revenues in the quarter versus 22.5% in the prior year quarter. As provided in our slide eight, our consolidated gross profit margin for Q1 15 was 32.7% versus the 30.7% margin we achieved in the first quarter of 14. Packaging systems first quarter gross margin of 39.1% was 3.7 margin points higher than the 35.4 achieved in the first quarter of 14. The increase in gross margin is due to price increases, the favorable mix from higher high-value product sales, and higher plant utilization, offset by normal inflationary increases in labor and overhead cost. Delivery systems first quarter gross margin declined by 2.2 margin points to 15.9% compared to the prior-year quarter. The current quarter lower gross margin is primarily due to higher labor cost and increased overhead cost associated with new capability supporting both proprietary and contract manufacturing programs, and relatively lower margin development agreement sales. As reflected on Slide 9, Q1 2015 consolidated SG&A expense decreased by $1.2 million versus the prior year quarter. As a percentage of sales, first quarter 2015 [sic] SG&A expense was 16.4% versus 16.2% in the first quarter of 2014. Pension cost declined by $500,000 benefitting from the strong returns on plant assets in 2014. Stock-based compensation and incentive cost were $2.2 million higher than a year-ago, primarily as a result of the relative increase in our stock price during the current year's first quarter versus Q1 of 2014. Foreign exchange had a favorable effect reducing SG&A expenses by $2.9 million. Slide 10 shows our key cash flow metric. Operating cash flow was a negative $2 million in the current quarter, $11 million less than the prior-year quarter reflecting the voluntary $20 million pension contribution made in Q1 2015. We will continue to manage our pension plan with the goal of reducing the associated financial risk and operating volatility. Our capital spending was $30.4 million in the current quarter. We expect to spend approximately $145 million to $160 million in capital in 2015. Approximately half of the planned capital spending is dedicated to new products and expansion initiatives, including approximately $25 million for the construction of our Ireland facility. Slide 11 provides some summary balance sheet information. Our balance sheet continues to be stronger and we're confident that our business will provide necessary future liquidity. Our cash balance at March 31 was $207 million, $48 million less than our December 2014 balance. In addition to the Q1 pension funding; approximately $17 million of the decrease is due to the foreign exchange impact on our overseas cash. A large majority of our cash remained invested overseas and is generally not available to be repatriated to the U.S. without incurring cash consequences. Debt at March 31 was $330.7 million, $6 million less than at year-end. Our net debt to total invested capital ratio at quarter-end was 11.6%. Working capital totaled $328.5 million at March 31; $78 million lower than at year-end. The majority of the decrease is due to the reclassification to current liabilities of our Series B euro notes which mature in February 2016. Our backlog of committed Packaging Systems orders stands at $352 million at March 2015, a 11% higher than at year-end excluding exchange, and 15% higher than the March 2014 backlog ex-currency. At March 2015, high-value products represent 55% of the total backlog approximately 2% stronger than the March 2014 backlog. Based on our Q1 2015 results, and our analysis of the orders on hand, and the continuing unfavorable currency effects, we have narrowed our full-year 2015 earnings guidance in this morning's release. That guidance is summarized on Slide 12. We've based our guidance on an exchange rate of $1.08 per euro. By contrast our previous guidance was translated at $1.15 per euro rates. As a remainder, each $0.01 strengthening of the dollar versus the euro results in approximately $0.01 decrease in full-year forecasted EPS as a result of translation. For Q2, we expect a $0.07 to $0.08 currency translation headwind. In addition, our 2015 guidance excludes any impact from a devaluation of the Venezuela and Bolivar, as the company continues to operate primarily under the official exchange rate and excludes charges associated with our CEO succession. I now like to turn the call back over to Don Morel. Don?
Don Morel: Thank you very much, Bill. Finally, before we open the line for your questions, I would like to simply say what an honor has been for me to serve the shareholders, employees, and customers of West these many years. I have a deep-rooted faith in the management team and people of West around the globe and every confidence that the company will continue to prosper under Eric's leadership. And I look forward to being an engaged shareholder for many years to come. We now look forward to answering your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Rafael Tejada with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Rafael Tejada: Hi, good morning. And Don, it's been great working with you. Eric, looking forward to building relationship with you as well.
A - Don Morel: Thank you, Rafael.
Rafael Tejada: Welcome on board. So just a couple of quick ones from me. I guess, I just want to start off with some bigger picture items. Just looking at what's going on, on the generics landscape, further consolidation, is that at all being contemplated in the guidance that's been put out today, or is that at all impacting the way that you are thinking about the business?
A - Don Morel: Yes, I mean the guidance was based on the demand pattern we see across all segments of our business. So the information we currently have at hand it's baked in.
Rafael Tejada: Okay. And looking at just the Q2 backlog composition, I mean, you're noting strong trends there, very favorable mix in terms of the high-value product mix so -- but is there any change in terms of the burn that you are anticipating and what's baked in into that backlog?
A - Don Morel: It will probably happen in the later part of year, Rafael, yes, we don't expect it in the second quarter. As Bill indicated in his remarks, the composition of the backlog is several percentage point higher in terms of the high-value products. The only issue we see is that some of those sales are going to recur in higher tax jurisdiction. So we want those much for the bottom-line if we would like.
Rafael Tejada: I see. Okay. And tell me like, in terms of the proprietary products and as it relates to CZ and SmartDose, the comment -- the remarks in the prepared comments were very favorable in terms of that portfolio, so but I still see that the company is expecting about $15 million to $20 million proprietary products. Is there a potential upside of this figure or it's just the nature of the business in terms of being conservative as to how the testing and product evaluation unfolds through the year?
A - Don Morel: It's really the later part. As we've talked about before it's the unpredictability of the validation stability and clinical trials for those products. So we're going to continue to see some lumpiness. Yes, there is some upside there may be some downside. We will comment on that quarter-to-quarter as best we see it. All I can say is where I said looking at the plan that we laid out our performance against that plan has been very good, and my expectation is that over that next 12 months to 24 months we will see a ramp up in both CZ activity and SmartDose activity. So we're very encouraged by both development agreements and by the potential for these systems in later stage clinical trials to go commercial.
Bill Federici: And Rafael, just one more clarification, remember that these products the customer controls the timing of all of that, whether it be stability testing, the application, the answering the regulators question et cetera in the timing of the launch. So that's what makes it a little bit lumpy and a little bit less predictable.
Rafael Tejada: Got it. Okay. And just a couple on the -- just in terms of the P&L and the guidance, the R&D spend was a little bit lighter than what we had baked in into our model. And so I'm just thinking about how is West thinking about the R&D spend for the rest of this year.
A - Don Morel: Yes, its going to unfold based on customer requirements. Really there is some areas where we can soften up a little bit as we look towards the end of the year. Those are really the far-out program. There may be cost for us to ramp up that spending depending on how we see some of their trials unfolding as their requirement. So I wouldn't read anything into it, other than we had the opportunity to cut a little bit and we'll look at it quarter-by-quarter.
Rafael Tejada: Okay. And a couple more just on guidance. Just clarifying, I mean, you maintained the 6% to 8% constant currency guidance, but before you were saying the high-end. So I just want to make sure that nothing there has changed in terms of how you're looking at the business.
Bill Federici: No the -- that we have other than currency that's really all the -- all the impact that we see. Everything else remains the same.
Rafael Tejada: Okay. And on the bottom line, there is an incremental $0.05 hit from unfavorable effects, and I'm assuming the rest of it is related to the tax rate or is there also an impact from the mix?
Bill Federici: It's really the currency. We -- our previous guidance was at $1.15, Rafael, and we gave this guidance at $1.08.
Rafael Tejada: Got it.
Bill Federici: And again, if you look at that, use that $0.01 to $0.01, $0.01 decrease in the value in euro versus the dollar over a full-year each $0.01 is about worth of penny of EPS. So somewhere between $0.05 and $0.07 is what we have think is the number. For the first quarter of 2014, just as a reminder, we were at actual exchange rate of $1.37 per euro. That same number is what we're expecting for Q2 in terms of what it actually was last year was about $1.37 also. And using that same dollar rate the difference is in the second quarter as we've stated is somewhere between $0.07 and $0.08 of impact of currency.
Rafael Tejada: Okay. Thats helpful. Well thank you for the questions I'll jump back in queue.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question is from Larry Solow with CJS Securities. Your line is open.
Larry Solow: Hi, good morning. Don, I wish you best of luck as well, and I obviously knew the name, but well respect and I wish you all the best.
A - Don Morel: Thank you.
Larry Solow: Just on the high-value products, really it was certainly an easy comp. Still you achieved pretty good growth there on the top line. Is the guidance for the full-year, bringing it down to more of the normalized 10% to 12%, is that because you don't have a lot of visibility in the back half, so do you sort of choose to err on the side of conservatism or how do you look at that?
A - Don Morel: So I think there was a couple of ways to look at it. The first of which is that we go back and look at trends over the past eight quarters roughly. And if you normalize the quarter-to-quarter numbers what we've seen is that 8% to 12% type of growth in those categories. You may recall from the chart that we show in the Investor Presentation you map that over five years our CAGR assuming that range. And we know that we'll continue to see some lumpiness there simply by our customers, inventory strategies, and by slight changes and demand in the marketplace. The important takeaway is that we believe we will see low-to-mid-double-digit growth in that product category for the foreseeable future and certainly the approval as you look at the biologic pipeline coming through, bodes very well for sustained growth.
Larry Solow: And I realize obviously the gross margin, which was a phenomenal number, obviously lifted by the high-value products. Did you guys expect it to be that high or was it even a little bit of a surprise to you how much lift you got from that?
A -Don Morel: I think we are little surprised by the total lift. But a large part of that is the analysis of the operating efficiencies which tend to flow through on a quarterly basis. You get a little bit of an indication month-to-month in the financials but it just shows the quality of the job done by our guys in the operating facilities they are just nailing it to the wall.
Larry Solow: Absolutely. And does that -- is there a possibility that we can see more benefit in the back half the year though you're not necessarily building in?
A - Don Morel: Yes. It's a little difficult to predict, Larry, because as you know we get the seasonality in Q3 with the European plant shutdown and PM that's done in the Americas. And with the pharma guys demand will be a little bit lumpy in the fourth quarter because they're going into the end of the year. So it's our traditional pattern. I wouldn't read anything with that gross margin into flowing through the rest of the year other than solid first quarter and we'll manage the business appropriately going forward.
Bill Federici: And Larry, also comps get a little tough as the year goes on, you remember.
Larry Solow: Right, absolutely. Just on the PDS side of it, obviously some impact on margins. I think it's mostly high-class type problems with increased development activity and expansion of capacity. Do you expect some of these issues -- it seems like you do expect a little bit of them to subside as the year progresses and the margins come back a little bit, is that fair?
A - Don Morel: Yes, again a lumpy picture back to Ralph's question was the timing of orders for things like CZ and SmartDose, as well as the other proprietary products. The issue in the quarter was that we had a fairly large amount of development revenue recognized which does not carry very high margins. As our percentage of propriety products increases you will see the impact of that mitigate.
Larry Solow: Got you.
Bill Federici: And Larry, we did provide some guidance for the full-year on the margin and you can see that margin is roughly equivalent or slightly higher than last year's margin for us for PDS.
Larry Solow: Okay, great. I appreciate it. Thanks a lot.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. I'm not showing any further questions. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Morel for closing remarks.
Don Morel: Thank you very much, operator, and thank you every one for your time this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again on our second quarter results in the latter part of July. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for participating. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-19 09:00:00) =====
Executives: John Woolford - Westwicke Partners Don Morel - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Bill Federici - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President
Analysts: Larry Solow - CJS Securities Rafael Tejada - Bank of America Dana Walker - Kalmar Investments
Operator: Welcome to the West Pharmaceutical Services Fourth and Full Year 2014 Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded on behalf of West and is copyrighted material. It cannot be rerecorded or rebroadcast without the company's expressed permission. Your participation in this call implies your consent to our taping. If you have any objection, you may disconnect at this time. Now, I would like to turn today's meeting over to Mr. John Woolford from Westwicke Partners. Sir, you may begin. John Woolford Good morning, everyone, and welcome to West's fourth quarter and full year 2014 results conference call. We issued our financial results this morning and the release has been posted in the Investors section on the company's website located at www.westpharma.com. If you have not received a copy of this announcement, please call Westwicke Partners at 443-213-0500 and a copy will be sent to you immediately. Posted on the company's web site under Investors on the Presentation Materials tab is a slide presentation that management will refer to in their remarks today. The presentation is in PDF format. Should you require a link to a free download of software that will enable users to view the presentation, it's also available on the website. I remind you that statements made by management on this call and in the presentation will contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. federal securities laws and that are based on management's beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. Many of the factors that will determine the company's future results are beyond the ability of the company to control or predict. These statements are subject to known or unknown risks or uncertainties, and therefore actual results could differ materially from past results and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement. For a non-exclusive list of factors that could cause actual results to differ from expectations, please refer to today's press release as well as any further disclosures the company makes on related subjects in the Company's 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K reports. In addition, during today's call management may make reference to non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted operating profit and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in materials accompanying this morning's earnings release. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Don Morel, West's Chairman and CEO. Don?
Don Morel: Thank you very much John and good morning everyone. Welcome to West's 2014 year-end earnings call. Joining me on the call today are West's Chief Financial Officer, Bill Federici; and Mike Anderson our Treasurer and Primary Investor Relations contact. In our prepared remarks, Bill and I will briefly review our results for the fourth quarter; we will talk on our accomplishments for 2014 and discuss our outlook for 2015. During our commentary, we will once again refer to a PowerPoint slide deck, which can be accessed through our website at www.westpharma.com under Investors. If for some reason you cannot access the presentation, our discussion will cover the information both, in this morning's release and the slides. Let me begin with Slide 3, which provides a high-level summary of our fourth quarter results. Although 2014 started slower than expected as a result of inventory adjustments by several European customers and weakness in certain generic accounts, West finished the year on a strong note with demand improving across virtually all key product lines. For the quarter, sales increased to $349.8 million or just over 7% excluding the effects of currency and the Q3 2014 disposition of a small tooling operation in Europe. Our gross margin was up slightly to 31.4% and our adjusted operating profit was $44.6 million, an increase of approximately 29% at constant exchange rates. The improvement in our operating profit yielded adjusted fully diluted earnings per share of $0.45 versus $0.38 in the fourth quarter of 2014. Slide number four was operating highlights for the two business segments. Revenue growth in Packaging System benefited from stronger sales in North America and South America and Europe, increasing 7.7% versus a year ago. High-value product sales grew just over 12%, driven by Weststar and Daikyo RSV. The favorable product mix, pricing and operating efficiencies lifted the segments gross margin by 1.3 margin points. These factors combined with prudent as SG&A and R&D spending, generated an $8.9 million increase in operating profits during the quarter. In the Delivery Systems group, sales were up just over 1%, which translates to over 6% when the effects of currency and the interim business disposition are removed. Gross margin in this business suffered a bit from some shifting of cost of R&D to cost of sales as projects begin to generate revenue. This contributed to the 14% increase in proprietary product sales in the quarter, but also slightly lowered margins associated with some of those revenues at this stage of their development. Overall, the PDS group continued to make measurable progress against our long-term objectives with the cost of those efforts muted by growth in administration systems and good performance from our contract manufacturing business. For the full year, as outlined in our release, sales grew to just over $1.4 billion or 4.3% excluding currency and adjusted diluted earnings per share increased to $1.78, a year-over-year increase of just over 9%, and our third consecutive year of record sales and earnings. Slide number five provides an update for several of the key expansion and device development programs. Our new facility in India expands our metal field production capacity, and with more than 20 customers qualified and placing production orders is well ahead of plan and should turn profitable by early 2016. As production shifts to this plant, our operations team in Asia will be converting the old field production space in our Singapore facility to high-value product production to meet future demands of the growing Asian market. In our third quarter call, we also announced plans for a new facility in Waterford, Ireland to meet anticipated future demands for our proprietary insulin packaging systems and advanced finishing operation for high-value closure systems. Site preparation will be completed by the end of the quarter and we expect to complete all necessary permitting and begin construction in the next few months. In addition, we are adding high-value product capacity by converting our Kinston North Carolina facility, which has historically produced lower margin components for single-use devices such as syringes. The transfer of that work and the addition of capabilities has been in process now for several years and we expect that to come online in the second half of 2015. With regard to high-value products, we introduced the NovaPure product line in 2012, and since that time have been working with a number of customers to facilitate qualification and validation for use on existing products. We have also been expanding the number of components we offer under the NovaPure brand and have recently received our first commercial orders. While it will not be a major revenue contributor in the near-term, the NovaPure line represents the next generation of West closure that address the market need for ultraclean high-quality products. Turning to the Delivery Systems group, 2014 was the year of significant progress across the portfolio of proprietary device development programs currently underway. Demand for the 1 ml long CZ insert needle syringe strengthened during the latter half of the year, primarily for stability testing and line trials. More importantly, at the end of 2014, the number of molecules undergoing formal stability testing has more than doubled from the beginning of the year. A total of eight customers funded development programs based on the SmartDose platform are now underway for a range of therapeutic applications requiring high dose volumes. Given the expanding CZ cartridge demand we are experiencing, we are installing additional capacity at our Scottsdale, Arizona device facility to augment the Daikyo line in Japan. We are also accelerating plans to add backup capacity for manufacture and assembly of the device in Arizona to provide added assurance of our ability to satisfy anticipated increased demand for the device. For the year and across all programs and customers, West has now delivered more than 100,000 devices in an access of nearly 800,000 CZ cartridges for a range of pre-clinical, clinical and stability testing and the devices being on over 1,500 subjects and user studies and clinical trials. As we look at 2015, our order book is solidified and our firm backlog has grown 15% at constant currency versus the year ago. The timing and composition of the backlog are important factors in our expectations that sales for the full-year will grow in a range of 6% to 8%, excluding the effects of currency. Sales will again be driven by high-value products for high-value biologics, rising sales of proprietary devices and requirements for ongoing development programs utilizing CZ and SmartDose. Ex-currency high-value product sales growth in the pharmaceutical packaging group is expected to be in the high single to low double-digit range versus 2014. Although, the underlying organic growth of the business is healthy, our full-year sales and earnings will be subject to the currency headwind from the strong US dollar. For the full-year and 2014 the euro-dollar exchange rate averaged $1.33, whereas at the outset of 2015, that rate has been as low as $1.11 and is near the lower end of that range today. Assuming an exchange rate of $1.15 for the remainder of the year, currency translation would be expected to reduce sales by approximately $80 million and EPS by $0.18 to $0.20 per share. On that basis, we estimate our 2015 adjusted earnings of the $1.74 to $1.92 per fully diluted share. However, for the longer-term, the major trends we have previously highlighted remain strong indicators of the growth potential of our business. Late-stage pipelines for biologics and monoclonal antibodies in particular are very robust. During 2014, the first approvals were granted PD1 molecules for various cancer indications. Throughout 2015, we expect a number of new biologic approval, including emerging class of PCSK9 agents for cholesterol reduction. There is also the potential for the first U.S. biosimilar PD approved under the new pathway. We are in an excellent position to capture high-value product and device sales for a substantial number of these new products. Indeed, virtually all of these molecules undergoing clinical trials in these categories will utilize high-value West or Daikyo packaging systems of vial and pre-filled syringe format. Regarding the CEO succession plan that we announced late last year, the search process is well underway and the Board is vetting a very strong candidate list. I have committed to the Board that I will continue to serve in my current role until my successor is in place and the transition is completed. I would now like to turn the call over the Bill Federici for a more detailed discussion of our financial results. Bill?
Bill Federici: Thank you, Don. Good morning, everyone. We issued our fourth quarter results this morning. Excluding the effects of special items from both periods, fourth quarter 2014 earnings were $0.45 per diluted share versus the $0.38 we earned in Q4 2013. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures is provided on Slides 13 and 14. Turning to sales, Slide 7 shows the components of a consolidated sales increase. Consolidated fourth quarter sales were $349.8 million, an increase of 7.4% over fourth quarter 2013 sales, excluding exchange and the disposition of a small business. Packaging Systems' sales increased by $18.5 million or 7.7% over same quarter 2013 sales excluding exchange. A favorable sales mix and volume growth accounted for 6.8 percentage points of the increase, modestly higher selling prices in Packaging Systems contributed to the remainder of the increase. High-value product sales increased 12.1% versus the prior year quarter excluding exchange. For the full year 2014, high-value product sales increased 3.5% versus 2013, excluding exchange. Delivery Systems sales increased $3 million or 2.9% over sales in the prior quarter, excluding exchange effects. The sales increase was driven by our proprietary businesses. Sales of proprietary products increased 14.2% to $28.6 million or 27.4% of the segment's revenues in the quarter. CZ sales and development activity were approximately $4 million and SmartDose sample sales were $3.5 million in Q4. On the full year basis, total 2014 proprietary product sales grew 13.6% over 2013. As provided on Side 8, our consolidated gross profit margin for Q4 2014 was 31.4% versus the 31.1% margin we achieved in the fourth quarter of 2013. Packaging Systems' fourth quarter gross margin of 36.2% is 1.3 margin points higher than the 34.9% achieved in the fourth quarter of '13. The favorable mix and volume of product sold, modest sales price increases and continued lead savings and plant efficiencies, more than offset the impact of higher general inflationary costs. Delivery Systems' fourth quarter gross margin was 19.6%, 2.2 margin points lower than the prior quarter. The lower margin was mainly due to new capacity costs and the cost associated with development projects moving to clinical production and customer funded development programs. As reflected on Slide 9, Q4 2014 consolidated SG&A expense decreased by $1.2 million compared to the prior year quarter. The decrease is due primarily to lower estimated achievement levels on incentive comp programs, decreases on our pension costs and lower travel and entertainment costs. As a percentage of sales, Q4 2014 SG&A expense was seven-tenths of a percentage point less than the prior year period. Slide 10 shows our key cash flow metrics. Operating cash flow was $183 million for the full year '14, $38 million less than 2013, due primarily to the $80 million of voluntary pension contribution we made in 2014 and the $20 million non-refundable customer payment received in 2013 for SmartDose. Capital additions of roughly $112 million made in 2014, roughly half of the spend was our new products and expansion efforts. We expect capital additions of between $150 million and $175 million in 2015, including approximately $35 million of cost associated with the new Ireland facility. Slide 11 provides some summary balance sheet information. Our balance sheet continues to be strong and we are confident that our business will provide necessary future liquidity. Our cash balance at year end was $255 million, $25 million higher than our December 13 balance. The majority of our cash is invested overseas and is generally not available for repatriation without tax consequences. However, we repatriated $60 million of overseas cash during Q4, a portion of which was contributed to our pension plan, and a portion was used to pay down debt. Debt at year and was $337 million, $37 million less than the prior year end. Our net debt to total invested capital ratio at year end was 7.8%, a significant improvement from 2013's year end ratio. Working capital totaled $407 million at year-end, $7 million last than the prior year end. Our high cash balances will partially offset by the reclassification to short-term of our $25 million Series B floating rate debt maturing in 2015. Our backlog of committed PPS orders remained strong at $340 million as of December 2014, approximately 15% higher than the 2013 balances, excluding exchange. The high value portion of our current order backlog continues to increase versus the prior year. We have issued our full year 2015 guidance in this morning's release. That guidance is summarized on Slide 12. Our guidance is based on an exchange rate of $1.15 per euro. Our actual 2014 results are translated at $1.33 per euro rate. Each one penny strengthening of the dollar versus the euro would result in about a $0.01 reduction in full year EPS as a result of translation. As a reminder, most of our exposure to currency is translation risk and the majority of our non-U.S. operations are naturally hedged. In the first quarter of 2015, we expect sales to increase 5% to 10% ex-currency as compared to the prior year first quarter, which was adversely impacted by customer inventory management. As a result, we expect Q1 2015 earnings to increase by 15% to 25% ex-currency versus the prior year quarter. The currency impact in Q1 2015 is expected to be larger than any other quarter, as Q1 2014 average dollar per euro exchange rate was $1.37 per euro, the highest of any of the 2014 quarters. We expect to deliver on our full year earnings guidance of $1.74 to $1.92 per diluted share, which on a constant currency basis represents an increase of between 9% and 19% in diluted EPS over 2014. I would now like to turn the call back over to Don Morel. Don?
Don Morel: Thanks very much, Bill. This concludes our prepared remarks for this morning. We would now be pleased to answer any questions? Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Larry Solow from CJS Securities. Please go ahead.
Larry Solow: Good morning, guys, just a couple of quick questions.
Don Morel: Good morning, Larry.
Bill Federici: Good morning, Larry.
Larry Solow: You had some pretty nice growth in your higher value especially in the quarter and even for the year. Just in terms of gross margin, I know it did go up a little bit, but I thought maybe the lift would be even a little higher. Were there other factors that held it back a little bit?
Don Morel: No. It is just the composition of the HVP growth. A large part of it was commercialization of the Daikyo RSV line. That has produced in Japan and we served as their agent, so we do not capture as much margin off of that.
Larry Solow: Okay. Just in terms of the marketplace competitive pressures and what not, there has been a lot of chatter or some chatter on the competitive front, the OmniPod from Unilife and Aptar Stelmi, I think, they recently introduced the new coated stopper. Maybe you could take opportunity to discuss a couple of these things?
Don Morel: Well, you know, competitive landscape continuously shifts. The OmniPod is the unique device that is being used by one customer that has a very unique time release requirement within that system and they began work on that a number of years ago. It does not directly compete in many applications with the SmartDose, where we want high volume delivery over the lengthy period of time. With regard to competitors in coated closure market, our position there is well-known, our brands are well-established. I believe that the product that was introduced is only on serum closure, so it is somewhat limited niche in the marketplace, but I continue to like our position there and I like all of the new product iterations that we have been introducing, including NovaPure, so we are in a good position.
Larry Solow: Great. Thanks. Thanks, Don. I appreciate it.
Don Morel: Thanks, Larry.
Operator: Thanks for your question. [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Rafael Tejada from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Rafael Tejada: Hi. Good morning and thanks for the question.
Don Morel: Hey, good morning, Rafael.
Bill Federici: Good morning, Rafael.
Rafael Tejada: Just want to dig in a little bit more on the guidance for the full-year and for Q1, so let me start off with the full year. It looks like you are raising a constant currency outlook just slightly. Previously it was 528 now upper-end of 628. Is that mainly driven on where the backlog levels stand today or any other or are there any other indicators that are providing you with greater confidence on the guide?
Don Morel: Yes. I think it is a combination of things. One, we like the composition and the timing of the orders in the backlog, so we are going to see an up lift on the HVP side of the business, we believe, throughout the year. Second thing is that we have got a little more confidence in some of the orders that were doubly done in '13, '14 that impacted us coming back and returning to a more normal pattern. We also have the unpredictable nature of some of the product launches that we expect to happen throughout the year, but I think conservatively we expect that that will also give us a slight uptick.
Rafael Tejada: Okay. That is helpful. With regard to Q1, if I remember correctly that is when the company in 2014 experienced the a bigger hit from they have inventory management the year-over-year comparison is 1%. For Q1, in 2014, it was 1% and it is probably the easiest year-over-year comparison. What is baked in into the 2015 Q1 5 to 7 constant currency growth? Is that just a slower rollout, is there any inventory management issues here or is it just the pacing of the year?
Don Morel: It is a little bit of the pacing of the year, but if you remember and you started to hit on it. In the first quarter of 2014, our high-value product growth was very much impacted by inventory management that had happened at the back end of 13, so high-value products were down 7% in the first quarter of 2014. You are going to see, again, a more natural, we think progression of sales growth in 2015, and we expect to see return to more normalize growth in high-value products for 2015. As a reminder, I mentioned it in my script, but I will mention it again. In terms of currency headwind, the currency headwind in the first quarter of 15 will be pretty dramatic versus Q1 2014. The average exchange rate in 2014's first quarter was $1.37, and right now obviously we are talking about a using a rate of $1.15.
Rafael Tejada: Understood. Okay. That kind of goes into my next question and just given all the moving parts radar in terms of the changes, the FX volatility along with lower oil prices, so how do we think about the margin expansion for 2015?
Don Morel: Again, we think good high value product growth will translate into a favorable mix. We believe that we will have some favorability in the oil prices as you are suggesting. We think that general inflationary cost will be about where we expect them to be relatively tame. We are going to get a little better prices, we believe, somewhere on the order of less than 1%, so when you factor all of those things in and the continuation of our lien programs, we believe that we should be able to see margin expansion in both sides of the business both, in the Packaging business and in the Delivery Systems.
Rafael Tejada: Okay. Just one housekeeping what tax rate are you assuming for 2015?
Don Morel: We are using 27 overall, but in the first half of the year, since they have not enacted the R&D tax credit again for 2015, it picks up about half a 0.5% for the first half of the year.
Rafael Tejada: Okay. I do appreciate the update on the CEO search. Don the timing should we still be expecting a transition by May of this year?
Don Morel: That is the process depend [ph] Rafael. The Board is making good progress, but as you can appreciate with some of the individuals involved, there may be special circumstances to push things out a bit. I think the important thing is that for continuity, I will be here until we are all comfortable the transition will be a smooth one.
Rafael Tejada: Okay. I appreciate it. Thank you very much.
Bill Federici: Thanks, Rafael.
Don Morel: Thanks, Rafael.
Operator: Thanks for your question. Next question comes from Dana Walker from Kalmar Investments. Please go ahead.
Dana Walker: Hey, there.
Don Morel: Good morning, Dana.
Dana Walker: Good morning. Bill, I think you may have confused people. If the Q1 comparison is easy as the 5% to 7% is that a constant currency numbers or is that a reported number?
Bill Federici: That is a constant currency 5% to 7%.
Dana Walker: Despite the easy compare and the likelihood that the high-value product compare would be strong that 5% to 7% would be sort of frame, the middle to the upper-middle, but not the above the top end of the range for the year?
Bill Federici: Correct.
Dana Walker: Okay.
Bill Federici: It is still some and all of those factors that we have talk about high-value products returning, continued progress in the delivery system space, but it is not in immediate, it is not turn the lights switch off at the end of 14 and turning on in 15. It will build, so our best guess based on the backlog that we have today and the timing of those the orders we just believe that 5% to 7% ex-currency is the best estimate we have today.
Dana Walker: Question on currency, can you and do you manage the business differently amongst all the different pressure points that you might have with the adversity of the exchange rate?
Bill Federici: As you can expect, there are certain things we can do in certain regions, we have got the natural hedging that takes place, where we can make and sell basically in the same current. We do hedge oil and some of our raw materials as it is appropriate, but do not actively hedge in the translation issue. There are some things that we can control on the OpEx side that we will. Oil is a little bit complicated, because of the nature of our supply contracts and the way that is consumed in the manufacturing process, so we expect a bit of the tailwind from that in the latter half of the year. Collectively, all those things are going to allows to mitigate some of the FX impact, but the change has been so dramatic over the last three to five months, we are not going to be able to mitigate all of it.
Dana Walker: I suppose early in a year, no need in trying to be terribly precise and tight and yet your range seems to be quite large. Can you talk about the variables that would apply at the lower end of your range versus those that might apply to the higher end?
Bill Federici: Yes. I mean we talked about all of them, so we will repeat them. It is the uptake of the return to a more normal patterns for the high-value products, it is the timing of devices and the proprietary device portfolio and a lot of the programs that Don talked about, the sampling involved with them and hopeful eventual increase in sales resulting from those. On the pricing side, we know we are going to have very modest ability to pass among pricing, Don talked about oil, it won't be as nearly a benefit today as it is perhaps in the second half of the year, if of course, if oil prices remain paying the way we are now in that $50 to $60 range, we should get a nice tailwind from that. Lean operations and the efficiencies in our plant continuing to work on the cost side of the equation. We will of course do that and try everything we can. When we look at the totality of the picture, Dana, and we think about all of those variables and the volatility of some of the factors with our customers and how they operate in around their own inventories and the regulators, and how the regulators impact on our customers. As a reminder, we have $340 million worth of backlog. In current business, we have over $1 billion of sales, so there is a big piece of that that will all roll in over the rest of the ensuing months in the next few quarters. At this time of year, we try to be as thoughtful as we can about how all those variables will impact and the 174 to 192 is the best estimate that we had at this point and time.
Dana Walker: Understood, Don. You talked about the therapeutic categories that are most visible for some of your proprietary products on the delivery front. Can you shed some additional light if you can about your view as to what proportion of the customer needs might come within CZ or within SmartDose versus some other option?
Don Morel: It is hard to say because of the way our customers look at a device as part of their overall product launch and life extension strategy, as I look at it currently, we are participating on virtually all of these, mostly with closure systems for the vial and the syringe presentations. In the larger categories, many of those such as the PD1s are going to be mostly infusion, so they are going to be done in a care center as opposed to a home environment. On the other drugs, we are in a good position, so I would say the lifestyle devices, they are going to become more and more important to chronic diseases on things like cancer and MS it is not so much.
Dana Walker: The PD1 and the PCSK9 and biosimilars, I believe, you referenced as being categories where SmartDose and where CZ would apply or is it more expansive description of where you would be involved?
Don Morel: Yes. CZ potentially applies to all of them. The high value therapeutics where you have issues with breakage either in manufacturing or presentations in an auto-injector or the drug is just aggressive, we think CZ is the primary container, has broader application. SmartDose is going to be, again, those applications, where a high-volume has to be delivered over time and they can be done in a home setting or somewhere else. A lot of the oncologic drugs you do not want to do that, because of the toxic nature, so the categories that you mentioned, SmartDose for rheumatoid arthritis potentially for cholesterol reduction and others is going to be its biggest area of application.
Dana Walker: One final question on that, you addressed how your understanding as to where customers would be, would be more evidenced by year-end and yet what are you able to conclude now about trial length, trial conclusion and how the regulatory pathway would be affected by these things?
Don Morel: Well, it all comes back to the timing of when the drugs that are on formal stability, come off-formal stability. We know of some customers that began trials in the latter part of '13, early part of '14 that data will be coming through the end of its two-year shelf life study at the close of '15, beginning of the '16. We are hoping that we have a pretty good picture as to the commercialization potential for those molecules as we move towards the fourth quarter.
Dana Walker: I will step back. Thank you. Good stuff.
Bill Federici: Thank you, Dana.
Operator: Thank you for your question. I will now pass the call over to Don Morel for closing remark.
Don Morel: Thank you much, everybody. We appreciate your time this morning. We look forward to speaking you again at the end of our first quarter call, which will take place in April. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the call for today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: John Woolford - IR, Westwicke Partners Don Morel - Chairman and CEO Bill Federici - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities Rafael Tejada - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Dana Walker - Kalmar Investments
Operator: Welcome to the West Pharmaceutical Services Third Quarter 2014 Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions). This call is being recorded on behalf of West and is copyrighted material. It cannot be rerecorded or rebroadcast without the company's expressed permission. Your participation in this call implies your consent to our taping. If you have any objection, you may disconnect at this time. And now I'd like to turn today's meeting over to Mr. John Woolford from Westwicke Partners. Sir, you may begin.
John Woolford: Thank you, operator. Good morning everyone and welcome to West's third quarter 2014 results conference call. We issued our financial results this morning and the release has been posted in the Investors section on the company's web site located at www.westpharma.com. If you've not received a copy of this announcement, please call Westwicke Partners at 443-213-0500 and a copy will be sent to you immediately. Posted on the company's web site under Investors on the Presentation Materials tab is a slide presentation that management will refer to in their remarks today. The presentation is in PDF format. Should you require a link to a free download of software that will enable users to view the presentation, it's also available on the web site. I will remind you that statements made by management on this call and in the presentation will contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. federal securities laws and that are based on management's beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. Many of the factors that will determine the company's future results are beyond the ability of the company to control or predict. These statements are subject to known or unknown risks or uncertainties, and therefore actual results could differ materially from past results and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement. For a non-exclusive list of factors which could cause actual results to differ from expectations, please refer to today's press release as well as any further disclosures the company makes on related subjects in the Company's 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K reports. In addition, during today's call management may make reference to non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted operating profit and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in materials accompanying this morning's earnings release. At this time I'd like to turn the call over to Don Morel, West's Chairman and CEO. Don?
Don Morel: Thank you very much John and good morning everyone. Welcome to West's third quarter 2014 earnings call. Joining me on the call today are West's Chief Financial Officer, Bill Federici; and Mike Anderson our President and Primary Investor Relations Contact. During our commentary today, Bill and I will briefly review our results for the third quarter, discus our expectations for the remainder of 2014, provide a snapshot of our revenue outlook for 2015, and highlights from our updated five year business plan. The PowerPoint slides we will use to support our remarks can be accessed through our web site at www.westpharma.com under Investors. If for some reason you cannot access the presentation, our discussion will cover the information both in this morning's release, and the slides. As you know on October 15th, we provided an early look at our Q3 earnings. Slide number 3 provides the high level summary of our financial performance during the quarter. Sales increased just over 4% from $341.8 million to $355.9 million. Our gross margin was up slightly to 30.9% and our adjusted operating profit was $45.2 million, an increase of just under 14% resulting in a 1.1 percentage point increase in our operating margin versus the prior year period. The improvement in our operating margin yielded adjusted fully diluted earnings per share of $0.44 versus $0.39 in the third quarter of 2013, an improvement of 12.8%. Slide number 4 summarizes some operating highlights in the two business segments; Packaging Systems sales increased modestly as a result of higher sales of Westar and Daikyo RS and RU components. From a geographic perspective, sales grew in North and South America; were essentially flat in Europe and down slightly in Asia. However, I should note that comparisons of our Q3 2013 results to Q3 2014 for the Packaging segment are clouded by the extraordinary third quarter we had in 2013, where high value product sales were up over 20% and overall sales for the segment were up over 14%. The real story for the quarter was the strong increase in proprietary product sales generated by the Delivery Systems group. Sales overall for the segment were up 14.8%, excluding currency effects, generated primarily by a richer mix of proprietary products, including SmartDose units for clinical trials, Medimop reconstitution systems and CZ vials and cartridges. The increase in proprietary sales was augmented by continuing solid demand for contract manufacturing services. Slide number 5 provides an update for several of our key expansion and device development programs. As previously reported, we have completed the new elastomer facility in China and the new seal facility in India. Both have begun commercial operations. Earlier in October, we announced plans for a new facility in Waterford, Ireland, to increase capacity for our proprietary rubber sheeting use in insulin packaging, and also advanced finishing operations for high value closure systems, targeted for the rapidly growing biotech market segment. The facility will be constructed in phases, as we see demand evolve with our current target to begin commercial sheeting production in the first quarter of 2018. We continue to make steady progress on our major device development program. CZ production of the 1 ml long syringe is booked through the early part of 2015, and we continue to see strong demand for CZ cartridges in support of our SmartDose programs. Stability trials underway by various customers continue to demonstrate excellent compatibility with a range of compounds. You should note that revenues during the quarter for SmartDose supporting clinical trials and customer testing exceeded $3 million. Turning to our outlook for the remainder of 2014, the October 15th release also provided an update for our full year guidance, which is summarized on slide number 6. We currently expect sales growth for the full year to be approximately 4% excluding currency, and earnings per share to be in the range of $1.77 to $1.82, largely as a result of the strengthening of the dollar against the euro, and an increase in our forecasted tax rate, as a result of selling more high value products in higher tax regions. As we look toward 2015, discussions with a wide range of customers lead us to conclude that the issues that impacted sales at the outset of 2014, are largely behind us as orders have begun to pick up and our firm backlog has improved. We currently believe sales will grow in the range of 5% to 8% during 2015 excluding the effects of currency. Sales will again be driven by high value products and sales of existing proprietary devices, along with ongoing development programs utilizing CZ and SmartDose. High value product growth in the Pharmaceutical Packaging Group is expected to range from 8% to 10% during the year. We also completed our five year plan review and update in late September, taking into account changes in the macro environment, healthcare and market dynamics, and what we believe to be the principle drivers of our business. The major trends we previously highlighted are strong indicators of the growth potential of our business. First, demographics and the prevalence of products disease [ph]. Second, the pipeline of complex biologics to treat diseases such as cancer, autoimmune conditions and diabetes; and finally the growing need for ultra clean packaging and sophisticated delivery devices, to optimize the containment and accurate dosing of these compounds. Late stage pipelines for biologics and monoclonal antibodies in particular are very robust. During the plan period, indications are very positive, that a number of new therapeutics will gain approval, such as PD1 molecules for various cancer indications, GLP-1 for diabetes, and the emerging class of PCSK9 agents for cholesterol reduction. We are in an excellent production to capture high value products and device sales for a substantial number of these new products, and deliver value to our shareholders. Indeed, virtually all of the new molecules undergoing clinical trials in these categories will utilize high value West or Daikyo packaging systems for vial and pre-filled syringe formats. We believe revenues will fall in the range of $2.1 billion to $2.3 billion by the end of the planned period, with improved in our operating margin to between 19% and 21%. We fully anticipate revenue growth to be driven by continued uptake and expansion of the high value product lines in pharmaceutical packaging, and rapid growth in the out years of proprietary devices. This dynamic growth will require additional capital investments in 2015 and 2016 of roughly $20 million to $30 million above our previously forecasted range of approximately $125 million to $145 million per year. As a quick summary, our performance in Q3 was solid driven by proprietary growth. However comparisons are difficult due to the extraordinary third quarter delivered by the Packaging Systems Group in 2013. Our backlog is significantly stronger at $349 million, and strong demand for CZ and SmartDose systems for clinical trials will continue. However, future demand will be dependent on customer plans and their filing timelines. We see no changes to our fundamental long term growth drivers and the strong and growing pipeline of biologics within our customer base should be a very strong revenue driver. We firmly believe that our 2019 revenue and margin targets that I just discussed are achievable. The Board and management team remain firmly committed to our strategic focus on ultra-clean high value packaging systems and unique delivery devices to meet the growing demand to cover our market and complex biologic molecules. I'd now like to turn the call over to Bill Federici for a more detailed discussion of our financial results. Bill?
Bill Federici: Thank you, Don, and good morning everyone. We issued our third quarter results this morning, reporting net income of $31 million or $0.43 per diluted share versus the $0.37 per diluted share we reported in the third quarter of 2013. Excluding the effect of non-recurring items in both periods, Q3 2014 adjusted diluted earnings per share were $0.44 compared to the $0.39 in the prior year quarter. A reconciliation of those non-GAAP measures is provided on slides 14 through 16. Turning to sales; slide 8 shows the components of our consolidated sales increase. Consolidated third quarter sales were $355.9 million, an increase of 4.2% over third quarter of 2013 sales, excluding exchange. Packaging System sales were $252 million, essentially equal to those recorded in the third quarter of 2013. As a reminder, last year's third quarter sales grew 14.7% and high value products grew 23%, driven by customer inventory management. It is a notable accomplishment to equal those sales in the current quarter, including high value packaging sales, which were about 1% higher than the prior year's quarter. Delivery Systems sales were $104 million this quarter, an increase of $13.5 million or 14.8% over the prior year quarter excluding exchange. [Indiscernible] driven by gains in both proprietary products and contract manufacturing revenues. Proprietary product improvements include $4.2 million more of administration systems products, and $3.4 million more of SmartDose sales to customer's preclinical and clinical trials. Sales of proprietary products comprised 27.4% of the segment sales in the quarter, compared to 23.6% in the prior year quarter. Contract manufacturing revenues grew $5.7 million excluding exchange, plus around higher volumes to existing programs. As provided on slide 9, our consolidated 2013 gross profit margin of 30.9% was just slightly ahead of the 30.8% achieved in the third quarter of 2013. Packaging Systems third quarter gross margin of 35.3% was $0.03 of a margin point lower than we achieved in the third quarter of 2013. While modest sales price increases largely offset rising labor and overhead costs, our products mix was slightly less profitable than the strong prior year quarter, resulting in the reduction of dose margins. Delivery Systems third quarter gross margin of 20.3% was 2.7 margin points higher than Q3 2013, due to favorable mix of products sold. As reflected on slide 10, Q3 2014 consolidated SG&A expense decreased by $100,000 versus the prior year quarter. As a percentage of sales, third quarter 2014 SG&A expense was 15.7% versus 16.4% in the third quarter of 2013. Lower incentive compensation and pension costs accounted for the majority of the decrease in SG&A. Slide 11 shows our key cash flow metrics. Operating cash flow was $136.9 million in the current year-to-date period, $4.8 million less than the comparable prior year period, during which, we received a $20 million licensing payment for SmartDose. Our capital spending was $84.8 million for the first nine months of 2014. We expect to spend approximately $125 million to $145 million in capital during 2014. Approximately half of our planned capital spending is dedicated to new products and expansion initiatives, including the initial capital to establish the pharmaceutical component manufacturing plant in Waterford, Ireland. Slide 12 provides some summary balance sheet information. Our balance sheet continues to be strong, and we are confident that our business will provide necessary future liquidity. Our cash balance at September 30th was $246.8 million, an increase of $16.8 million over the December 2013 balance. A large majority of our cash is invested overseas, and is generally not available to be repatriated for the U.S., without incurring net tax consequences. However, earlier this year, we repatriated approximately $28 million of offshore cash, which we will use to pay down debt. Debt at September 30th was $342.7 million, approximately $31 million lower than at year end. Our net debt to total invested capital ratio at quarter end was 9%, as it compares to 13.7% at the end of 2013. Working capital totaled $437 million at September 30th, $23 million higher than at year end. The majority of the increase is due to higher inventory and accounts receivable balances. Receivables and inventory turnover metrics are relatively consistent with the prior periods. Our backlog of committed packaging systems orders stands at $349 million at September 30th, above both year end and prior September levels. The composition of our backlog remains strong, with high value products representing approximately 45% of the orders, an increase of 2% over prior September's backlog percentage. Based on our year-to-date results and our analysis of the orders on-hand, we have updated our full year 2014 financial guidance in this morning's release. That guidance is summarized on slide 13. As we previously announced, our current guidance has been narrowed to $1.77 to $1.82 per share. The major factor reducing the top end of the guidance range, is the decline in the value of the euro versus the U.S. dollar. Our previous guidance was based on a $1.37 per euro rate, current guidance uses the market rate of $1.27 per euro. That change reduced earnings per share estimates by $0.04. Additionally, we have raised our effective tax rate assumption by one point to 27%. As outlined in this morning's release, our Board approved a share repurchase program, which allows us to buy back up to $100 million of our common stock in open market, privately negotiated transaction, and is expected to be completed by December 31, 2015. We expect the repurchase program will be funded with existing debt capacity and cash, if available. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Don Morel. Don?
Don Morel: Thank you very much, Bill. This concludes our prepared remarks for this morning, and we now look forward to answering your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you sir. (Operator Instructions). Please standby for your first question, which comes from Arnie Ursaner at CJS Securities. Go ahead please.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: Hi. Good morning.
Don Morel: Good morning Arnie.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: My first question is, regarding your Q4 on high end packaging being relatively flat, should we assume it's primarily due to the fact that you're up against another extremely difficult comp and not signaling any change in the underlying business?
Don Morel: No. I think what you are going to see is the usual end of the year stuff with our customers, in terms of ordering and delivery patterns. We are being a little bit conservative. Q4 really was a slightly weaker quarter in 2013 for HVPs in the third quarter. So we started to see the down trend at that point, and as a reminder, that's when the orders started to decline as a result of a detergent change in our process in Europe.
Bill Federici: Arnie, actually to correct you a little bit;, the Q4 growth we expect for high value products will be greater than what it was in 2013. 2013, as Don mentioned, we started to see the effect of customers working down their inventory balances. So actually, the comp to last year's fourth quarter is not nearly as tough for high value products. We expect about a 4.7% increase over that. And as we said, the backlog, if you look at it as of September, the composition of high value products in the backlog has actually increased by two percentage points over September 2013 to 45%.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: Next question is in your pharma Packaging Systems margin in the quarter was lower than we have modeled. And in your prepared remarks, you highlighted increased sales of the disposable medical device components. When you presented your slide with various balls or areas showing margin? That's the piece that's in the very lower left, that's the high volume but lowest margin business, is that correct?
Bill Federici: Its a combination of two, its the standard product and the lower profit disposable medical device components. Those two are actually up in the quarter.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: Okay. And going back to this capital spending increase relative to let's say your five year plan, can you kind of walk us through the thought process on why the spending -- the incremental spending is going to be pretty significant for the next few years, but yet your views really don't accelerate till kind of 2017, 2018, 2019. Is that much of a leadtime you need to have to build this out, and maybe be more specific, what is leading you to decide you need to increase it?
Don Morel: There is really two answers to the question Arnie. So the first one on the pharmaceutical packaging side is that, as you know, we produce this specialized sheeting for insulin cartridges, and we only have a single facility that produces that material. So this is simultaneously a risk mitigation step for the major customers we serve, but also, to support growth we see in that marketplace through that five year period. So the first part of the facility in Ireland will be a sheeting facility. We expect to build that out in the latter years, as we see there is cleanliness requirement increasing and the focus on the very high margin, high valued products going into the biologics segment. Ireland was an ideal location for us, because of increasing investment by our customer base. When you look at the biologics production capability within that area, it has increased substantially and will increase in the future, as we see more compounds come out. So much of it is aimed at high margin, high growth areas, diabetes and biologics. The second is that, we are currently producing commercially the SmartDose system in Israel, and part of that capital is to begin to fit our commercial production in Arizona, as we see requirements not only for CZ, but for the SmartDose devices ramp up. We would like to have dual source of supply there for risk mitigation. So the reasons are all good, they are growth, and yes, we have to invest that far ahead of the curve, with validation, equipment delivery and all the reasons we have talked about in the past.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: Okay. And I am violating my only ask two question rules, but I want to ask one more real quick, you are tied to the price of Brent crude more than most companies which are West Texas [ph]. We have obviously seen a very dramatic lowering of oil prices. How should we think about that, as you go to your year end negotiations with your customers, and maybe remind everyone of the lag before you have it impacting your costs, or your contract pricing?
Bill Federici: That is exactly right Arnie. We have -- to answer the last part first, we have about a three month lag between when the actual price of Brent declines and when we start to see it come through in our purchases, and then approximately a two month delay between when we get it into our inventory, and when we actually end up selling it, and therefore it ends up in our income statement. So it's about somewhere between four and six months of a delay. The sharp decline that you're talking about, its really not as dramatic as some of the ones that we have seen in the past. If we go back to 2011, you will remember that Brent went from about $65, $70 a barrel, up to over $130 if I remember correctly, during that first half of the year, and then came down in the back half of the year. So with the decline, you should expect to see lower and you saw it in the third quarter, you saw it that our raw material costs were essentially flat to the prior year, you will see a little bit lower costs coming through, starting some time in 2015, probably the latter part of the first quarter. But as you're suggesting, about half of our Packaging Systems sales are under contract with our customers, and those contracts generally carry a CPI or PPI accelerator in them. So obviously, we would see lower ability to increase prices. All that said, when we look at 2015 and to come to the guidance that we gave you on the sales, we have not included a large increase for pricing. I believe we are about 0.5%, which will be below the five year average and certainly way below the 2.5% or so that we received in the 2012-2013 timeframes.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: Thank you very much.
Bill Federici: You're welcome.
Don Morel: Thanks Arnie.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Rafael Tejada at Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Rafael Tejada - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning and thank you for the questions.
Don Morel: Good morning Rafael.
Rafael Tejada - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Good morning. Just on the 2015 outlook on a constant currency growth, how should we think about the growth in packaging versus delivery?
Bill Federici: Basically, its going to be in the Packaging Systems side. High value products driving the bulk of the growth, so we expect high value products will grow nicely in that 8% to 10% range as Don described. We will see less growth coming from the standard and disposable medical device side of that business. For the Delivery Systems side, we see very solid growth in the proprietary delivery systems. That should be up solid double digits, similar to the 15% to 20% range, and as you can imagine for contract manufacturing, we'd expect something in the order of mid-singles, as a growth rate.
Rafael Tejada - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. So if I were to net that out, I mean packaging probably as a whole in the mid-single digits and delivery systems, somewhere lower -- low double digits?
Bill Federici: On the Delivery Systems, you are going to be less than a little bit double digits, because you had -- remember it's only -- the Proprietary Systems at only about 27% of the total.
Rafael Tejada - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And we covered one of the trends in terms of the fluctuating raw material prices, but also wanted to talk about infectious diseases and just wondering what -- whether you're already -- there is some data out there suggesting potential stronger flu season this year, so just wondering if there is any -- if you're seeing any orders coming in? And secondly, just anything on -- in terms of potential tailwinds from travel activity as it relates to Ebola?
Don Morel: Yeah on the first question, I think the answer is no. Much of the flu stocks of course are produced in advance of the season. So those numbers have already been reflected in our sales. With regard to Ebola specifically, remember the trials often are relatively small volumes, and people are I think in many respects, playing catch-up. So even if you have a 5,000 patient trial, its not going to drive the needle, those are very-very small volumes. The answer is that yes, we are on some of the vaccines that are in development, but you are not going to see that drive the numbers.
Rafael Tejada - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And just a couple other housekeeping items; we have seen the fluctuations in currency, just wondering what's baked in, in terms of headwind for sales in MEPS for Q4, and if you can talk about potential expectations for 2015?
Bill Federici: Well I will start with the end first; as we said, the number we recorded, the 5% to 8% for 2015 is an ex-currency number. So that hopefully will help you, and you can draw whatever conclusions you want. On the fourth quarter, we view as the $1.27 to the euro, which is not what it is this morning of course, things bounce around, and that's pretty close to what we believe the market is for the quarter.
Rafael Tejada - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. But to think of a potential 2% headwind on the top line for Q4, that would be a prudent number to use, just to make sure that --
Bill Federici: I don't think that that's an unreasonable expectation; especially versus our prior guidance. And Rafael, just let me finish; with the full year guidance that we took down narrowing the range, $0.04 of that is due to currency. Some of that is in the third quarter, some of it is in the fourth, so that gives you a gauge to put on in the fourth quarter.
Rafael Tejada - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. And with the share repurchase being planned, how should we think about the deployment of that plan and I guess what has been the expectations for share comp for 2014 and then just finally -- just tax rate, we saw that pick up, just wondering if we should be using that sort of similar rate for 2015?
Bill Federici: The tax rate is -- what we are believing is somewhere in that blended year, somewhere in that 27% range, maybe although higher if we don't get beyond the extendable cash, that you know, has an impact on all manufacturers. And going forward, if you are using -- again, if they have the extendable cash, 27% would not be an unreasonable expectation going forward. On the share count, we do have an increase planned, about 0.5 million shares in the count. But the exact way that the share buyback program will hit, is really depending on -- from time to time, we will go into the market when we see the opportunity to go in and buy.
Rafael Tejada - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you very much.
Don Morel: Thanks Rafael.
Operator: Thank you. Sir you have no further questions at this time. (Operator Instructions). And we do have another question, this comes from Dana Walker at Kalmar Investments. Please go ahead.
Dana Walker - Kalmar Investments: Hello there. Good morning.
Don Morel: Good morning Dana.
Dana Walker - Kalmar Investments: Don, talk about zero defect? How is that a step function above what your customers have been focusing on, on the HVP fronts, and how does that change the product and/or service life that you're in a position to provide?
Don Morel: We and all of our customers are seeing a great deal of, what I would call, incentives from the regulatory bodies to look into the entire production process, in terms of continuous improvement. And as detection capabilities get better and better, when you inspect at the end of the line, you're seeing more and more things. So we look at it purely as an opportunity, and for us, it is a differentiator, and again, its driving a lot of the investments that will happen in Ireland in the second phase of that building. But as a service offering, it really comes back to the attributes that we would try to put into the closures from Westar, evolving all the way to the current version of [indiscernible]. Each one of those attribute gives us the opportunity to capture some value from what our customers ordinarily would have provided in their own production processes in prior years. So we don't think those pressures are going to relent. Indeed, its going to put pressure on the industry, to meet what is a rapidly increasing quality standard. So its an opportunity and a challenge all in the same nut.
Dana Walker - Kalmar Investments: Understood. Bill, as you update your revenue guidance, how much of that would you attribute to currency, and how much of that would you attribute to something else?
Bill Federici: Yeah absolutely, ignore currency in the growth that we gave you. The 5% to 8%, Dana, is a currency neutral number.
Dana Walker - Kalmar Investments: I am talking about Q4.
Bill Federici: Okay. Q4 we had between somewhere around $0.02 is what we are expecting versus what we had previously guided you to. And its $0.04 for the back half of the year between when we gave you guidance on July 30th or whenever it was, versus the $1.27 we are giving you now. So roughly half of that would be what's impacting the fourth quarter.
Dana Walker - Kalmar Investments: I am sorry, I should have been much more specific. I was focused solely on the top line.
Bill Federici: Top line; the amount that impacts it?
Dana Walker - Kalmar Investments: Well you brought your revenue guidance down moderately for PPS, how much of that is currency, how much of that would be something else?
Bill Federici: Okay. In terms of -- almost all of it is currency, and there is some -- obviously, there is some impacts from the business from looking at the backlog and where we ended the third quarter. But a good chunk of that is due to currency.
Dana Walker - Kalmar Investments: The committed backlog number that you provided, can you just quickly update us as to what the comparable numbers might have been earlier than a year ago at this time?
Bill Federici: Absolutely. If you look at the backlog at this year and at the end of September, it was $349 million. Now, you have currency impacts, impacting the comparisons, but I will give you the currency neutral numbers. Q3 2013 was $325 million rough numbers, and December 2013 was $315 million rough numbers. Now in those numbers or disclosure, there is a blanket order from one of our major customers, that impacts the comparability. So that's why, when we gave you the $349 million, we don't know exactly, we can't pull out exactly how much of that is in excess of what we had at end of September of 2013 or December of 2013, but it does impact comparability. So instead of being, for instance, up 14% versus December, we know its something less than that, its probably on the order of mid to high singles.
Dana Walker - Kalmar Investments: One last question, Don, you mentioned three new biologic categories that are appearing in the rearview mirror, or for that matter in the windshield, can you describe, timing-wise, when you would expect to see product flows from there and thus demand for your products?
Don Morel: Yeah, I categorize it really as two new, one existing. So the GLP ones have been in the market for a while, but we are seeing some new molecules coming down in that diabetes category and some new indication, several of them, I believe, have gotten approval of the weight loss indication, in addition to share level reduction. The PD1 is the new molecules for cancer. I believe it goes -- will roll out probably over the next two to three years. We know that several of our customers -- we know one customer that has an approval already in the market for lung cancer. But you will see sequentially approval for different types of cancer, as they complete the clinical trials and do rolling submissions for each one of those. There are several other PD-1s that are in the application phase have not received approval yet, but we think that's going to be a very-very strong category, because of the uniqueness of these molecules; and again, we are virtually on all of the packaging, that goes both in vial and syringe format. The final category, the PCSK9 molecules are completely new in terms of cholesterol reduction. Again, we are on the primary packaging for that. We will have to see how the device equation evolves, but each one of the categories, we believe presents not only primary packaging, but potentially downstream device opportunities.
Dana Walker - Kalmar Investments: As you have seen the GLP-1s roll out, has that proven to be incremental demand or higher value demand for you? Or does it displace something?
Don Morel: Its really hard to say. For us, it has been incremental up demand, especially in the vices where we contract manufacturer. It is difficult to call out the impact on the primary packaging side. We are not sure what goes to GLP-1s versus the insulins.
Dana Walker - Kalmar Investments: Okay. I had one last question, it has evaded me for the moment, so I will let go. Thanks.
Bill Federici: Thank you so much Dana.
Operator: Gentlemen, there are no further questions for you at the moment.
Don Morel: Thank you very much for your time everyone. We look forward to speaking with you again in February with our year end call.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference call. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  John Woolford - Westwicke Partners Don Morel - CEO Bill Federici - SVP and CFO
Analysts:  Arnie Ursaner - CJS Ross Taylor - CL King  Rafael Tejada - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Dave Windley - Jefferies 
Operator: Welcome to the West Pharmaceutical Services Second Quarter 2014 Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. This call is being recorded on behalf of West and is copyrighted material. It cannot be rerecorded or rebroadcast without the Companys express permission. Your participation in this call implies your consent to our taping. If you have any objection , you may disconnect at this time. And now Id like to turn todays meeting over to Mr. John Woolford from Westwicke Partners. Sir, you may begin.
John Woolford: Thank you, Operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Wests second quarter 2014 Results Conference Call. We issued our financial results this morning and the release has been posted in the Investors Section on the Companys Web site located at www.westpharma.com. If youve not received a copy of this announcement please call Westwicke Partners at 443-213-0500 and a copy will be sent to you immediately. Posted on the Companys Web site under Investors on the Presentation Materials tab is a slide presentation that management will refer to in their remarks today. The presentation is in PDF format. Should you require a link to a free download of software that will enable users to view the presentation, its also available on the website. I remind you that statements made by management on this call and in the presentation will contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. federal securities laws and that are based on managements beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. Many of the factors that will determine the Companys future results are beyond the ability of the Company to control or predict. These statements are subject to known or unknown risks or uncertainties and therefore actual results could differ materially from past results and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement. For a non-exclusive list of factors which could cause actual results to differ from expectations, please refer to todays press release as well as any further disclosures the Company makes on related subjects in the Companys 10(k), 10(q), and 8(k) reports. In addition, during todays call management may make reference to non-GAAP financial measures including adjusted operating profit and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in materials accompanying this mornings earnings release. At this time Id like to turn the call over to Don Morel, Wests Chairman and CEO. Don?
Don Morel: Thank you very much, John, good morning everyone. Thank you for taking time to join us for Wests second quarter 2014 Earnings Call. In our commentary today, Bill and I will review our results for the quarter, provide an update on the several key development programs, and discuss our outlook for the remainder of the year. As John mentioned, the slides we will use to support our remarks can be accessed through our Web site www.westpharma.com by clicking on the Investor tab at the bottom of the homepage and selecting Presentation Materials from the menu. If some reason you cannot access the presentation, our discussion will cover the information both in this mornings release and the slides. Let me start with some high level financials for the quarter, which are summarized on Slide 3. As forecasted in our May 1st call, sales strengthened considerably during the second quarter, increasing 5.3% on a consolidated basis to just under $369 million. Our consolidated gross margin improved from 32.2% to 33%, reflecting a richer product mix in both businesses and our operating margin improved to 14.7% versus 12.3% during the second quarter of 2013. The increased sales of high-value products and Packaging Systems and higher percentage of sales from proprietary products and delivery systems coupled with disciplined spending resulted in an $11.6 million increase in operating income. Earnings for the quarter were $0.52 per fully diluted share compared to $0.43 reported in the second quarter of 2013, an increase of approximately 21%. Overall, it was a very good quarter for the Company. Slide 4 summarizes some operating highlights from the two business segments. Please note that the sales growth numbers I will refer to exclude the slightly positive effect of currency during the quarter. In the Packaging Systems segment revenues grew 4.5% compared with the second quarter in 2013, driven primarily by an 8.5% increase in the High-Value Product of HVP categories. The growth in sales was a result of demand for Daikyo products, for specially Daikyo RSV and Westar RS and RU packaging components. We also experienced nice growth in standard systems which more than offset a slight decline in disposable medical device component sale. On a geographic basis, packaging grew in most of our major markets with the Americas and Asia-Pacific contributing the most to our sales increase. In the Delivery Systems segment, sales were up 7.2% versus the prior year quarter, as continued demand for contract manufacturing services was bolstered by nice growth in several proprietary product categories, including SmartDose units for clinical trial and CZ vials and cartridges. CZ sales increased by $1 million versus the second quarter of 2013 and by $2.8 million when compared with the first quarter. A relative decline in SG&A and R&D costs combined, with a richer sales mix produced a strong improvement in diluted EPS. Turing to Slide 5, we provide an update for several of our key ongoing development programs. As previously reported, weve completed the new elastomer facility in China and the new seal facility in India which was formerly dedicated earlier this month. Both have begun commercial operations. CZ sales for the quarters were up nicely on vial and cartridge volumes. We also booked $1 million order for the 1 ml long Insert needle syringe. The Insert needle syringe program is at a stage where orders will continue to fluctuate quarter-to-quarter as our lead customers have completed much of their qualification work. For those customers with formulations undergoing formal stability testing using this syringe, there is no change in our expectations that the lead candidates for commercialization will finish testing in the late 2015 or early 2015 time frame. Feedback from key customers indicates that testing continues to go well and the system shows excellent compatibility with a range of complex biologics. On a positive note, we now believe the first regulatory filing for a custom CZ container will take place before the end of 2014 for a drug product currently on the market. Regulatory approval is anticipated to fall in the first half of 2015, which should lead to commercial sales sometime in the late second quarter or early third quarter of 2015. In our release, we noted that SmartDose clinical trial volumes contributed to the delivery system segments quarterly growth. The development programs we have referenced on recent calls continue to go well. Weve showed it on Slide 6 increase in the over 10,000 units per month at the end of the quarter. We anticipate that outlook will further increase during the second half of the year to support multiple development programs that are underway. We are prohibited from discussing the particulars of those programs today due to confidentiality obligations to all of those customers.  As summarized on Slide 6, we are reaffirming our guidance for the full year. We believe sales growth will be in the range of 4% to 6% on a consolidated basis, yielding revenues between $1.43 billion and $1.46 billion. Looking at customer orders pattern early in the third quarter, we would not be surprised to see some seasonal lumpiness in sales between the third quarter and fourth quarter.  While were confident in our full year guidance range, our quarterly visibility is not as strong as we would like, at as lead times have shortened due to additional capacity coming online within West and our customers inventory management efforts at the end of the year coupled with traditional seasonality. In PDS we expect good growth on the small proprietary products base as a result of clinical work in SmartDose, renewed growth in reconstitution devices due to a customers new product introduction and ongoing growth in contract manufacturing services. Based on the composition of our backlog and input from customers, we currently believe that product mix will be favorable through the end of the year, which should translate into stronger consolidated growth and operating margins yielding full year adjusted earnings in the range of $1.77 to $1.89 at our assumed current exchange rates.  Our strategic goals remain unchanged, delivering value to our shareholders through expansion of our high value product offerings, lean operations and selective organic growth in emerging markets for the packaging segment while shifting our sales mix to West proprietary products in the Delivery Systems group. In our key therapeutic markets, diabetes, oncology, autoimmune disease and vaccines, we are very well positioned to grow with a number of new product launches forecasted for the next three years.  New product offerings such NovaPure closures, coupled with CZ primary containers and the SmartDose automated dosing device are the right solutions at the right time for a range of unmet market needs. As has been our past practice, our strategic plan review and updated long-term financial objectives will be completed in October and we will provide a review of our plan for the 2015 to 2019 period during our Q3 call. In sum, I think the key takeaways from todays call are as follows: a very good quarter based on high value products and proprietary product growth. Second half demand is unfolding but we expect some quarter-to-quarter lumpiness due to seasonality and customer inventory management. Weve made excellent progress on CZ and SmartDose, including the initial CZ filing which we expect to take place later this year. There are no changes to our fundamental long-term growth drivers and it includes a strong and growing pipeline of biologics within our customer base. Id now like to turn the call over to Bill Federici for a more detailed discussion of our financial results. Bill?
Bill Federici: Thank you, Don, and good morning everyone. We issued our second quarter results this morning, reporting net income of $37.6 million or $0.52 per diluted share, versus the $0.43 per diluted share we reported in the second quarter of 2013. There were no non-GAAP adjustments either this quarter or the comparable prior year quarter. Turning to sales, Slide 7 shows the components of our consolidated sales increase. Consolidated second quarter sales were $368.9 million, an increase of 5.3% over second quarter 2013 sales excluding exchange. Packaging Systems sales were $268 million, 4.5% above same quarter 2013 sales excluding favorable exchange. Our mix of products sold was favorable in the quarter with High Value Products increasing 8.5% above Q2 2013 levels.  Delivery Systems sales were $101 million this quarter, an increase of 7.2% over the prior year quarter excluding exchange. Crystal Zenith product sales were $5.8 million in the current quarter, approximately $1 million above Q2 2013 levels. Much of the CZ sales were comprised of vial and cartridge samples. SmartDose sales were $2.6 million for the quarter, up nicely from the prior year quarters sales of $400,000. Sales of proprietary products were $27.2 million or 27.1% of the segments revenues in the quarter versus the prior year quarters 25.6%. As provided on Slide 8, our consolidated second quarter gross profit margin of 33% was eight tenths of a margin point higher than we achieved in the second quarter of 2013. Packaging Systems second quarter gross margin of 37.8% was nine tenths of a margin point higher than we achieved in the second quarter of '13. The increased margin reflects the favorable mix of product sold and stable raw material cost. Delivery Systems second quarter gross margin of 20.3% was eight tenths of a margin point higher in Q3 13 benefiting from increased plant utilization and a better mix of product sold. As reflected on Slide 9, Q2 2014 consolidated SG&A expense decreased by $2.2 million versus the prior quarter. As a percentage of sales, second quarter 2014 SG&A expense was 15.6%, versus 17.3% in the second quarter of 2013. Lower retirement benefit cost, incentive compensation, and employee medical benefit cost accounted for the majority of the decrease in SG&A cost. Slide 10 shows our key cash flow metrics. Operating cash flow was $73 million for the current year-to-date period, $25 million less than the comparable prior year period, mostly due to the $20 million licensing payment for SmartDose received in June 2013. Our capital spending was $56.2 million for the first half of14. We expect to spend approximately $125 million to $145 million in capital in 2014. Approximately half of the planned capital spending is dedicated to new products and expansion activities, including approximately $13 million for the new Packaging Systems facilities in China and India. Slide 11 provides some summary balance sheet information. Our balance sheet continues to be strong and were confident that our business will provide necessary future liquidity. Our cash balance at June 30th was $226.7 million, down $3.3 million from the December 2013 balance. A large majority of our cash is invested overseas and is generally not available to be repatriated to the U.S. without incurring net tax consequences. However, during this quarter we repatriated approximately $28 million of offshore cash, which we used to pay down debt and advanced fund a $3 million pension payment at June 30th. Debt at June 30th was $361.5 million, approximately $12 million lower than at year end. Our net debt to total invested capital ratio at quarter end was 12.2%. Working capital totaled $464.2 million at June 30th, $50 million higher than at year end. The majority of the increase is due to higher inventory and accounts receivable balances. Our backlog of committed Packaging Systems orders stands at $314 million at June 30th, equal to year end levels but about 9% lower than the June 2013 backlog. We attribute the decrease in backlog to our success at reducing production lead times alleviating customers need to place orders earlier to assure delivery. While lower, the composition of our backlog remain strong with High Value Products representing 51% of the orders compared to 47% as of June 2013. The decrease in backlog does reduce our short-term visibility, but discussions with our customers show no loss of business and no change in longer term expectations. Based on our year-to-date 2014 results and our analysis of our orders on hand, we have confirmed our full year 2014 diluted EPS guidance in this mornings release. We have reduced our sales growth expectation for 2014 based on less near-terms visibility and continuing customer inventory management including global movements of customer products sourcing. The sales reductions are expected to be offset by a strong mix of product sold as evidenced by the strengthening high value product mix within the current backlog and continued lean savings. That guidance is summarized on Slide 12. We have based our guidance on an exchange rate of $1.37 per euro, the same ratio used in prior guidance. Our Q3 results will have tough comps to the prior year quarter when a surge in high value product sales and strong price increases drove a 10.9% increase in consolidated sales and a 50% increase in adjusted diluted EPS. Nonetheless, we expect modest EPS gains for Q3 versus the record 2013 quarter while Q4 comps will be less challenging. Id now like to turn the call back over to Don Morel. Don?
Don Morel: Thank you very much, Bill. This concludes our prepared remarks for this morning. We look forward to answering of you questions. Operator?
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we will now conduct the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) First line of question comes from the lien of Arnie Ursaner of CJS. Please proceed.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS: Don, I think you want to add your weight three or four times to highlight customer order patterns, lumpiness and various other terms that lack of visibility or less visibility for Q3 and obviously youve always had this issue. Could you explain a little bit more on what youre really seeing there and because again $314 million backlog is far from a negative number. So maybe talk a little more about what youre seeing backlog and why you are a little more uncomfortable about visibility. 
Don Morel: I think its a combination of things as I outlined in my remarks; first of which is that in the third quarter as you know, we get our historic seasonality. Europe shuts down. We do a PM&A in the plants. So that certainly is part of it. Weve got the factors that of many of our med device customers actually end their fiscal year on September 30. So they are pulling back on some of their orders based on what they are seeing in the marketplace. And then we have the issue at the beginning of the year where we have these two or three one of items and we werent certain how those patterns would unfold when that business started to come back. So as I said, were very optimistic about the full year. We will deliver a good year. But those things combined give us a little bit less visibility and backlog than we would ordinarily have.  The other issue of course is that we brought additional capacity online whereas last year in the third quarter, when we saw this tremendous demand on the HVP side because our customers were under the impression that we had constrained capacity, we dont have that issue and lead times for those products shot in some cases to 20 to 24 weeks down into our more traditional 12 to 14 weeks. So they're getting more comfortable placing orders in that timeframe as opposed to the longer lead times. So overall, no real change from what weve seen historically but those things that have tribute to a little less visibility than we would ordinarily have. 
Arnie Ursaner - CJS: My second question relates more generally to one of your customers, Amgen, an announcement they made recently about restructuring and capacity. Could you comment on how you envision that impacting a company like yours on a go forward basis?
Don Morel: Its a broader question for the industry and that has to do with manufacturing footprint and capacity off of the given line. So one of the things we see anecdotally is a subtle but increasing shift away from massive clean rooms and massive infrastructure that can handle very high volume-filling requirements to shorter lower-volume runs that can be done in smaller, contained environments such as barrier isolators. Our customers have massive infrastructures. They are looking at their own production needs. I think they are also looking at what their future products are going to look like in terms of yearly demand. They would rather deal with 2 million-unit run on a system that has 2 million to 3 million unit capacity for growth then they would on a 20 million unit line, run for a couple of weeks, shutdown for a couple of months and then go through all of the requirements to start up again. So I would not be surprised as a general rule to see many of our customers begin to look at this kind of an option. For us, it doesnt really change anything because the inventories will be kept the same and our volumes wont change unless there is organic growth in any specific drug.
Operator: Thank you for your question. The next line of question comes from Ross Taylor of CL King. Please proceed.
Ross Taylor - CL King :  Yes, just missed a couple of your comments related to the CZ filing you expect in 2014. What was the timing you would expect for your approval of that and when could your sales maybe start to ramp up related to that product?
Don Morel: Yes, I think assuming that it follows the timeline that weve been given by the customer, approval would take place sometime early next year and we would expect commercial volumes to begin ramping up sometime in the second or third quarter based on the time of the regulatory cycle. Just to be clear, this is a custom container that is different from the syringe and its a very unique product that is being done with a supplement for an existing product, not a new drug.
Ross Taylor - CL King : And also you mentioned as part of the reason for bringing down your organic revenue growth forecast, I think you mentioned something like global changes in product sourcing. What were you referring to there exactly or maybe you could just give us some color on that?
Don Morel: Yes, there is a couple of things. Ill let Bill handle the sourcing question, but just to be clear, we think its a timing issue. So you will remember in the February call, we talked about these process changes within our plants and we expected to see those volumes begin to develop further in the year as customers worked down the inventory they'd ordered in '13. That is a happening but a little bit slower than we thought. So some of the orders that would have taken place in Q3, Q4, we believe are going to come in late Q4, but not be delivered until the early part of 2015. So Ill let Bill address the geographic answer.
Bill Federici : I think Ross, what we're seeing is based on some of the difficulties that some of our customers were having regulatory wise, you saw -- especially in the generic space, you saw a lot of movement of those products sourcing around the globe. It was moving from -- in one customers sense it moved from Europe and United States over into Asia. So there is a lot of movement, a lot of different players that are picking up the slack from the regulators slowing down the ability of some of those contract manufacturers to produce. And by having all those things, all those moving parts and different players coming in and out of the story, it makes it very difficult to track actual needs. And what we saw last year and weve talked about it already in Q3 last year, we had a big surge in high value product orders. Some of that was due to this phenomenon where you had multiple different players going after these -- to fill the blanks left by these other customers who are having regulatory problems. So when we look at it this year and we look at the reduced backlog from the perspective of shorter lead times and some of these pieces that are moving around, it makes this less visibility issue a little tougher for us to predict exactly when its going to come out, as Don said. We know that all of the underlying favorable trends that weve seen in our business, especially at it relates to biologics remain unchanged. We know that we've got no loss of business from customers perspective. Its a just function of timing and when will those orders come back into the order book. So its just the global nature of those products and then moving around just makes it a little more complicated for us to be able identify exactly when its going to come back.
Operator: Thanks for your question. The next line of question comes from the line of Rafael Tejada. Please proceed.
Rafael Tejada - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So just wanted to comment a bit more on the change to the top line guidance. I know that it's specific to packaging. So you mentioned, backlog contained more high value products. So can give specific examples of sort of products I guess that youre -- that are coming out of it and I would presume that its more standard product and youve talked about whats going on in terms of sort of the issues, whats sort of product the ones been impacted?
Don Morel: Yes, there is a couple of things in there, the first one of which is, yes, it is some standard product, it is some disposable med device where we tend to see much short lead times. You may recall from the February call, we spoke specifically about Teflon-coated plungers for prefilled syringes and the two customers that has ordered larger quantities in the third quarter of last year. Those two combined make up the bulk of the shortfall and again its a timing issue. Its a shift thats going to happen when those come back in 2015.
Rafael Tejada - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay thats helpful. Again just to be clear, M&A and sort of asset transfer changes that we saw earlier this year, thats not having any sort of impact on I guess the timing of order in packaging?
Don Morel: Not that we can put our figure on, no.
Rafael Tejada - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And with regards to the CZ filing, any sort of color that you could give us on the type of drug that it is, volumes or therapeutic area for this filing?
Don Morel: Not that Id be comfortable with. Thats customer proprietary.
Rafael Tejada - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, I had to try. And my last one just one -- I guess as this filing occurs, what sort of preparation do you need to do on your end to be able to meet some of the anticipated demand?
Don Morel: Yes, we actually, on this particular product, we've already started -- the primary capacity is more to go into the injection class. So, we are ready for volumes as they unfold. There'll no additional capital investment that we can see right now to meet to those volumes.
Rafael Tejada - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And lastly, do you think that this sort of expedites any conversations that you have with existing customers, those that are kind of brink of whether they do want to use this product or not?
Don Morel: I think its just case by case. It depends on whats driving the need. If it's a new product and a compatibility issue; its one thing. If it's an existing product going to exist in product with the lamination of the glass as the primary driver, its going to be another issue. The conservations have been ongoing at a high level for several years now. Its just the fact that of the matter that its working its way through the approval process much like a new drug would and the timelines are somewhat comparable. The good news is weve seen no reduction in levels of interest and in some cases, especially as it relates to developmental interest in SmartDose where we use the CZ cartridge, its increased interest.
Operator: Thank you for your question. (Operator Instructions) Next line of question comes from the line of Arnie Ursaner of CJS. Please proceed.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS: A couple of follow-up starting with follow-up on Rafaels question, obviously two figures I think are impacting peoples view of the industry, customer consolidation which would lead to dramatic changes in research in a short terms basis and also more concern over pricing of new orphan-type drugs that would be more likely delivered by biologics or through injection. Are you seeing any of these impacts yet and how would you react to it, this fear or uncertainty investors are raising?
Don Morel: No, we havent seen any impact yet and we ordinarily wouldnt until the closing happens and then usually not until anywhere from six months to a year later as they start to prioritize their R&D program. Usually by that time, they've made decisions and are fully aware of who they're are going to put on stability, especially for the drugs that are entering Phase III or are in Phase III. So there is quite a lag between when its announced and when we actually see an impact. On the biologic side, we usually dont see one because of the strength of the position of the Westar non-coated closures within that particular segment. So havent seen any impact yet. It usually happens when the product transfer start by that usually is not for lengthy period of time after the actual merger takes place.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS: But you're not hearing your customers indicate to you, be careful, we could see a dramatic change in the way we spend R&D or otherwise at this point?
Don Morel : No.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS: Okay. And then going back to the initial roll out or testing quantities of both CZ and SmartDose, could you comment on the types of margin you are getting now but importantly what you think you'll get when they do reach commercial volumes?
Don Morel: Yes, its a traditional manufacturing run where in the early going, where you're doing small sample runs and you're not at volume and the margins you are lower. We expect our efficiencies will improve dramatically as we ramp up volumes. I think you will see fairly traditional device volumes out of both of those as we go through commercial sales and that would be north of 45% or 50% on a gross margin.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS: And then just a quick follow up on SmartDose. I know you manufactured in Israel. Clearly there is uncertainty related to Israel. I know you are building a facility. Have you seen any impact yet at all in your facility there and are you seeing customers change their order patterns to try to allow for that uncertainty?
Don Morel: No, our facilities are secure, our folks are working. There has been no disruption to this point. Obviously we encourage them to take all measures to stay safe. We have contingency plans that we put into place for manufacturing for the products that come out of Israel that we could put into place should the situation dictate it.
Operator: Thank you for your question. The next round of question comes from the line of Rafael Tejada of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed
Rafael Tejada - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Just one quick follow up -- just wanted to make sure I heard you correctly on EPS for Q3. I guess you're expecting just a couple -- did you say $0.02 of growth year-over-year? And also just wondering if you can just talk I guess about -- I know this seasonality in Q3 typically to the degree that it might just differ from what weve seen in the past?
Don Morel: Yes, I think we talked about a modest increase in Q3 versus prior year, Rafael. This is why we dont guide the quarters. We are more comfortable with the guidance for the full year and as weve talked about on the call, weve reaffirmed that guidance. I dont think weve seen anything different out of the seasonality. Were certainly not through August yet, which is a primary period for the Europeans to do their planned shutdowns and PM&A. They key is always and weve talked about this before, it's how efficient we are in the startup coming out of that shutdown period. So September tends to be a huge driver. If we do have some orders flip that dont fall into the quarter, they'll go into the fourth quarter then we will pick it up then.
Bill Federici : The only thing I would add is that in Q3 2013, we had that big surge in high value product orders as Don mentioned earlier. So seasonality last year was a little skewed. This year its more back to what we see as a normal. I would also mention that the high value products, we continue to see that the growth in the range that weve talked about in the past, but the volatility from quarter-to-quarter is increasing. So we saw in the first quarter it was a -- High Value Products actually decreased versus the first quarter of the prior year. In this quarter they were up nicely 8.5%. So you have this effective Q3 2013 having been very, very high percentage growth. It was over 23% growth in High Value Products last year in the third quarter driving that good results. And it was a more modest growth in high value products in Q4 of 2013. So while we're seeing now change in the overall trajectory or the fact the macro drivers of the business, we are seeing a lot more volatility quarter-to-quarter, especially in high value products.
Operator:  Thank you for your questions. The next round of question comes from the Dave Windley of Jefferies. Please proceed.
Dave Windley - Jefferies: So we had a couple of it that came to mind. One around -- a kind of a follow on to Rafaels question there. Coming out of 1Q where backlog had been down a little bit at year end and improved significantly by March, with High Value Products being kind of a big driver of that improvement, I guess I would have expected high value products to outpace overall packaging in 2Q and I think if I read this right that your constant dollar packaging was like 11% and high value was 8.5%. Am I looking at that right and why is that dynamic?
Don Morel: Yes, growth in PDS was about 4.5% adjusted for currency and the HVP growth was about 8.5%. So its roughly 2x on the HVP.
Dave Windley - Jefferies: I read the 4.5% higher as meaning higher than 6.6%. So I apologize.
Bill Federici : To answer the other part of your question about the volume, the dollar volume of the backlog, remember that our lead times have come down. So we would expect orders to -- the volumes of orders -- to share dollars of orders to have contracted a little bit, which it did, at same level at yearend but lower than the June 2013 number. But the percentage of high value products in the backlog has increased which is what we would expect.
Dave Windley - Jefferies: And on that Bill so the -- we again joined late and I was looking to show on and we didnt hear a backlog number. Did you give a backlog number for the June 30?
Bill Federici : Yes, 314, which is the equal to the 20 day, December 2013 balance and 9% lower than Q2 2013.
Dave Windley - Jefferies: Okay. How about kind of penetration statistics on high value products? Are they still quite low?
Don Morel: They in their 40s. Weve talked about before.
Bill Federici: For the mature high value products like Westar and Teflon coating, you still have some that are very small basis and growing like Envision and like our NovaPure lines, which we see great promise into the future. We still -- as I mentioned earlier we dont see a change in the trajectory of our growth in high value products. Its grown double digits over the last five years. We continued to that. We think that it will still be in that same 8% to 12% as we go forward, with the caveat that were seeing a lot more volatility in the quarter-to-quarter comparison.
Dave Windley - Jefferies: Okay and again Ill ask one more at the risk of repeating, but you highlight that this quarter's margin did benefit quite nicely from an actual decline in SG&A cost related to a least of things that you named. How should I think about the transient and non-transient nature of that?
Bill Federici: I'll take them by the numbers. The decline in the retirement benefit cost is something that well continue for the rest of the year. And obviously each year you have the actuary give you valuation and that dictates that what the following years pension expense would be. If rates rise, as we all expect them do, the timing of which we dont know but if we do believe they will rise -- we believe that we'll see a further contraction in the expense. We are also putting some money into the plant that will also help reduce the expense going forward. In terms of the -- we have other things that impact it in the quarter. We had incentive compensation costs that were less. That's purely a function of the results. Our incentive compensation is driven by the performance of the Company. And if you look at last years this time, the Company was performing, just came off some very high performance. So we looked at our bonus calculations and our incentive comp calculations and that drove them up in the prior year. This year theyre not nearly as robust. So you actually have comparison, quarter-to-quarter comparison. We have less of an expense from the incentive cost. And employee medical benefit costs were also down. We are on a -- we look at the actual claims that have been made against our policies and adjust accordingly and our experience has been better than we expected and so therefore we ended up with less employee medical benefit cost in this quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you for your question. Ladies and gentlemen, that now concludes the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference over to Don Morel for closing remarks. Thank you.
Don Morel: Thank you very much, Operator, and thank you everyone for your time this morning. Terrific second quarter for the Company. We look forward to reporting back to you at the end of October in our Q3 call when well update our long-term plans. Thank you very much. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Enjoy the rest of you day. Thank you.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Don Morel  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Bill Federici  Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer  John Wollford  Westwicke Partners (IR)  
Analysts: Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities  Rafael Tejada  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ross Taylor  CL King and Associates     
Operator: Welcome to the West Pharmaceutical Services Q1 2014 Results Conference Call. (Operator instructions.) And now Id like to turn todays meeting over to Mr. John Woolford from Westwicke Partners. Sir, you may begin.
John Woolford: Thank you, Operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Wests Q1 2014 Results Conference Call. We issued our financial results this morning and the release has been posted in the Investors Section on the companys website located at www.westpharma.com. If youve not received a copy of this announcement please call Westwicke Partners at 443-213-0500 and a copy will be sent to you immediately. Posted on the companys website on the Investor tab under Presentation Materials is a slide presentation that management will refer to in their remarks today. The presentation is in PDF format. Should you require a link to a free download of software that will enable users to view the presentation, its also available on the website.  I remind you that statements made by management on this call and in the presentation will contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of US federal securities laws and that are based on managements beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. Many of the factors that will determine the companys future results are beyond the ability of the company to control or predict. These statements are subject to known or unknown risks or uncertainties and therefore actual results could differ materially from past results and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement. For a non-exclusive list of factors which could cause actual results to differ from expectations please refer to todays press release as well as any further disclosures the company makes on related subjects in the companys 10(k), 10(q), and 8(k) reports.  In addition, during todays call management may make reference to non-GAAP financial measures including adjusted operating profit and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in materials accompanying this mornings earnings release.  At this time Id like to turn the call over to Don Morel, Wests Chairman and CEO. Don?
Don Morel: Thank you, John, good morning everyone and welcome to Wests Q1 2014 Earnings Call. This morning Bill and I will review our results and discuss our outlook and financial guidance for the remainder of the year. We will again refer to a slide deck to support our prepared remarks that can be accessed through our website at www.westpharma.com under Investors. In the event you cannot access the presentation our commentary will cover the information both in this mornings release and the slides. Beginning with Slide 3 which summarizes our Q1 performance, a modest increase in sales coupled with a less-than-favorable mix in the Packaging Systems segment produced a softer start to the year than we would normally see. As we discussed in our February call this was not completely unexpected and we do not believe it reflects any fundamental change in the underlying drivers of our business. On a consolidated basis sales rose 1.2% to $346.8 million excluding the effects of currency. Revenues were effectively flat in the Packaging Systems segment while sales increased 5.6% in the Delivery Systems segment driven primarily by demand for contract manufacturing services. The less than favorable mix produced a decline in our gross margin, leading to earnings of $0.38 per fully diluted share versus $0.44 in Q1 2013 which was a record year in all respects. Highlights for the operating segments are shown on Slide 4. For the quarter, Packaging Systems sales of high-value products declined by a little over 6%, primarily as a result of reduced orders for Teflon and FluroTec enclosures. This was built into our full year operating plan given the substantial growth these product lines experienced throughout 2013. Our analysis of current order flows and the rapid increase in our Packaging Systems backlog through March gives us confidence that this issue is largely behind us. In the Delivery Systems segment slight declines in sales of proprietary products like Safety, Reconstitution and CZ were more than offset by continued strength in the contract manufacturing business. CZ sales for the period were $3 million comprised mostly of vial and cartridge sales. Sales of the 1ml long Insert needle syringe were modest and are expected to be sporadic throughout the year depending on customer pre-commercial use for testing and validation requirements. Despite the relatively slow start to the year we see no fundamental changes to the primary growth drivers of our business over the long term. For the next three quarters we expect our order book to steadily improve, leading to a strong finish for the year. Indeed as I mentioned earlier, our backlog strengthened substantially at the end of Q1, increasing 11% versus year-end levels. More importantly the composition of the backlog indicates that orders for high-value products are returning to historical patterns and we should see high-single to low-double digit growth through the end of the year. Slide 5 provides highlights for ongoing expansion and development programs. Our new China elastomer plant is now operational and has started commercial sales. Work on the India seals plant has been completed and we have received our operating license for the local government authorities. On the development program front we continue to work closely with a number of customers to develop custom device solutions based on a broad array of West technologies including SmartDose and CZ.  As noted in our release this morning, pursuant to a development and supply agreement we are collaborating with Amgen on automated mini-dose systems utilizing Wests SmartDose Technology. Due to the confidential nature of our work with Amgen we will not be providing any further commentary other than what is in todays release. The 1 ml Insert needle syringe program is at a stage where orders will continue to fluctuate quarter-to-quarter as our lead customers have completed much of their qualification work. For those customers with formulations undergoing formal stability testing we continue to believe the lead candidates for commercialization will finish testing in the late 2015 or early 2016 timeframe.  Once this testing is complete the data can then be submitted to the appropriate regulatory agencies depending on the market where approval is being sought. On a positive note, the demand for CZ cartridges to support SmartDose testing and CZ vials for aggressive drugs continues to be healthy and in line with our expectations. As summarized on Slide 6 we are confirming our guidance for the full year and believe sales growth will be in the range of 6% to 8% on a consolidated basis, yielding revenues between $1.45 billion and $1.48 billion. We are forecasting an improving mix through the end of the year driven by high-value product growth which should translate into stronger consolidated gross and operating margins yielding full-year adjusted earnings in the range of $1.77 to $1.89 at our assumed current exchange rates. Our confidence in delivering solid sales and earnings growth for the full year is based on the positive changes in order flows at the end of the quarter, the composition of our backlog and the absence of any fundamental change in our underlying business drivers [or] market share. Our strategy remains focused on expansion of our high-value product offerings, lean operations and selective organic growth in emerging markets for the Packaging segment; while shifting sales in the proprietary products group to a higher percentage of our overall sales for the DS division. We believe proprietary products as a percent of overall sales will continue to grow through 2014. On a final note Id also like to extend an invitation to attend our 2014 Investor Day on the morning of May 22nd which will be held at the Cornell Club in New York City. Details will be posted on our website in the next few days, however, for those who cannot attend the presentation will also be webcast. Id now like to turn the call over to Bill Federici for a more detailed discussion of our financial results. Bill?
Bill Federici: Thank you, Don, and good morning everyone. We issued our Q1 results this morning, reporting net income of $27.1 million or $0.38 per diluted share versus the $0.45 per diluted share we reported in Q1 2013. As explained in the release, excluding the effect of one-time items from the prior-year quarter our Q1 2013 earnings were $0.44 per adjusted diluted share. A reconciliation of those non-GAAP measures is provided on Slides 13 and 14. Turning to sales, Slide 7 shows the components of our consolidated sales increase. Consolidated Q1 sales were $346.8 million, an increase of 1.2% over Q1 2013 sales excluding exchange. Packaging Systems sales were essentially flat versus the same quarter 2013 sales excluding exchange.  Sales price increases in Packaging Systems were limited to approximately 0.4 percentage points and were offset by an unfavorable mix of products sold with our high-value products declining 6.9% versus the prior year Q1. The decline in high-value products sales was not unexpected and we believe should be considered in the context of the double-digit growth experienced in each of the two last year comparable quarters benefiting from customer inventory builds. Importantly, for the remainder of 2014 we expect an 8% to 12% growth in high-value products sales versus the comparable year period. Our current packaging systems backlog growth of 11% over the prior year is mostly due to an increase in committed high-value product orders. In short, we do not believe our Q1 results represent any change in the long-term growth trajectory for our business. Delivery Systems sales increased by 5.6% or $4.9 million over sales in the prior-year quarter excluding exchange. Crystal Zenith product sales were $3 million in the current quarter, approximately $600,000 below Q1 2013 levels and were predominantly comprised of vial and cartridge samples. Overall sales of proprietary products were $21.0 million or 22.5% of the segments revenues in the quarter versus 25.0% in the prior-year quarter. As provided on Slide 8 our consolidated gross profit margin for Q1 2014 was 30.7% versus the 32.9% margin we achieved in Q1 2013. Packaging Systems Q1 gross margin of 35.4% was 2.3 margin points lower than the 37.7% achieved in Q1 2013. The decline in the gross margin is due to the unfavorable mix from the lower HVP sales and lower plant utilization coupled with normal inflationary increases in labor and overhead costs, and the relative low price increases. Delivery Systems Q1 gross margin declined by one margin point to 18.1% compared to the prior year quarter. The current quarters lower gross margin is primarily due to the decline in proprietary device sales and normal inflationary increases in labor and overhead costs.  As reflected on Slide 9, Q1 2014 consolidated SG&A expense decreased by $2.7 million versus the prior year quarter. As a percentage of sales, Q1 2014 SG&A expense was 16.2% versus 17.4% in Q1 2013. Pension costs declined by $1.9 million, benefiting from the strong return on plant assets in 2013.  Stock-based compensation and incentive costs were $1.3 million lower than a year ago primarily as a result of the decrease in our stock price during Q1 2014. Other compensation costs were $2.3 million higher including annual salary increases and increased staffing. Outside service costs were lower than the prior-year quarter. Slide 10 shows our key cash flow metrics. Operating cash flow was $8.8 million for the quarter, $10.0 million less than the prior year quarter reflecting the decline in our results and higher working capital requirements. Our capital spending was $31.7 million in the current quarter.  We expect to spend approximately $125 million to $145 million in capital in 2014. Approximately half of the planned capital spending is dedicated to new products and expansion activities, including approximately $13 million for the construction of Packaging Systems facilities in China and India. Slide 11 provides some summary balance sheet information. Our balance sheet continues to be strong and were confident that our business will provide necessary future liquidity. Our cash balance at March 31st was $230 million, equal to our December 13 balance. A large majority of our cash is invested overseas and is generally not available to be repatriated to the US without incurring tax consequences. Debt at March 31st was $404 million, $31.4 million higher than at year end. Our net debt to total invested capital ratio at quarter end was 15.8%. Working capital totaled $459 million at March 31st, $45 million higher than at year end. The majority of the increase is due to higher inventory and accounts receivables balances. Our backlog of committed Packaging Systems orders stands at $351 million at March, 2014, 11% higher than at year end excluding exchange  but as expected about 5% lower than the March 2013 backlog which we attribute to our shorter lead times. At March 2014 high-value products represent 53% of the total backlog versus 49% of the December 13 backlog. Based on our Q1 2014 results and our analysis of the orders on hand we have narrowed our full-year 2014 earnings guidance in this mornings release. That guidance is summarized on Slide 12. We have based our guidance on an exchange rate of $1.37 per Euro. By contrast, our previous guidance was translated at a $1.35 per Euro rate. As a reminder, each $0.01 weakening of the dollar versus the Euro results in an approximately $0.01 increase in full-year forecasted EPS as a result of translation. Id now like to turn the call back over to Don Morel. Don?
Don Morel: Thank you very much, Bill. This concludes our commentary for this morning and wed now be pleased to answer any questions. Operator? 
Operator: (Operator instructions.) The first question comes from Arnie Ursaner of CJS Securities.\
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities : Good morning. Focusing first on your backlog, your lead times had been running extraordinarily high  22 to 24 weeks. You brought it down to around twelve weeks in Q4; is that about where we are now?
Don Morel: Yes.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities : Okay. In Q4 you had mentioned two additional development agreements I believe for SmartDose. Is there any update you can provide on that?
Don Morel: The work is ongoing and we are producing samples for those clients.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities : Okay. And then you also referred to some deferred projects that would add to contract manufacturing revenue. You can have some fairly sizable swings in margin depending on what these products are. Can you expand any more on the deferred projects and when you expect the revenue from that to hit?
Don Morel: The first project is online as we speak; we are doing validation and trial runs on the tooling. The second one will come into operation later in the year. We expect the first to contribute a good amount during the year; the second one a bit more modestly. So both of those should be up and running by Q3 or Q4.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities : Okay, and I do have one final question if I can. In your prepared remarks regarding guidance you talk about $10 million to $20 million in the course of the year in growth in sales and development income associated with proprietary products. Is there any change in that? I know the numbers are the same. Is there any message or change youre trying to convey with that at this point?
Don Morel: No, its actually comprised of a combination of paid development agreements, private (inaudible) plus revenues from proprietary products.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities : Okay. Thank you very much.
Don Morel: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Rafael Tejada of Bank of America.
Rafael Tejada  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning. Thank you for the questions. So just getting back to the backlog question again, I want to make sure I heard you right. You said backlog was up 11% year-over-year so thats about $416 million, $415 million or so?
Don Morel: Yeah, that number is up from 1st of the year 2013. 
Rafael Tejada  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Alright, gotcha.
Bill Federici: Our year-end number was roughly around $315 million so $351 million now.
Rafael Tejada  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And so I thought it was encouraging to hear that you do have more committed orders for more high-value products. I just wanted to get a better sense of how we should think about the burn in terms of when to expect recognition for that backlog, if anythings changed in terms of how you see that backlog progressing through the quarters.
Bill Federici: Yeah, primarily as you know the backlog will be revenue generally in the next quarter plus some that falls into the succeeding two quarters after that. That has, the curve of that has shortened  because of our shortened lead times customers dont need to place their orders as much in advance. So you see a lot of that come through in Q2 and Q3.
Rafael Tejada  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And also just thinking about the pacing of the year, youre reaffirming the sales growth but Im wondering if you can give us a little bit more detail I guess in terms of how you see the sales trajectory changing, pacing through the year. And youre reaffirming your margin outlook, too, so just given what we saw in Q1 how do we see that moving through the year? Thanks.
Don Morel: We clearly think that were going to see stronger performance in Q2. Our visibility beyond that tails into Q3 a little bit, not so much in Q4. What were hearing from our customers is that those orders are going to continue to increase throughout the year, especially the ones that we highlighted in our February call when we had inventory builds for the process change in our LeNuvion facility as well as some new product launches. So we expect steady improvement both on the sales front and the margin front through the end of the year. Certainly its a bit unusual compared to our normal years where wed historically see the front end loaded for the first six months, but this has happened to us in the past. I think it was 09 or 10 where we had a soft first half of the year and then it strengthened Actually it was 11  it strengthened through Q4 of 11 and then things really started to hit robustly.
Rafael Tejada  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, just a couple more. Any impact from weather this quarter and I was wondering if you could comment just on, I guess on just purchase orders from pharma, spec pharma  any changes in habits from key end customers?
Don Morel: No, I mean the weather issue was a non-issue for us actually, surprisingly. The one plant we were worried about was our upstate pharma plant in Jersey Shore. Everything was in line with expectations there. On the specialty pharma front the only change that we have really seen has been the one customer that ceased operations in 2013. They were a contract manufacturer and predominantly consumed the high-value FluroTec and West closures. So those revenues are being picked up by other customers. Were seeing slight increases in some and weve seen the status quo in others but we havent seen any single customer stand out.  The only ones that really have a strong delta are the ones that I spoke about previously that had to do the qualification runs because of the process change at our French plant and those that had strong inventory builds in the second half of the year. But we see those orders returning in Q2.
Rafael Tejada  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And this is more of a higher-level question, Don, but one of the questions Im getting is on basically the potential impact of some of the pharma consolidation, asset changes, etc. And basically just thinking about the way in which in the past these sort of transactions have impacted the business, whether as it relates to inventory de-stocking, and so just wanted to get your perspective on what youre seeing out there  any concern in the business and I guess any actions to mitigate any sort of risks that may present? And a lot of these things are so early but I just wanted to get your thoughts.
Don Morel: Yeah, I think the key point, Rafael, is what you said at the end  they are very early. Once they close and we consolidate some plans the merger plans begin to take effect. The principle effect on us tends to be a delay in development programs where decisions are pushed off until the organization is worked out and the various lines of decision making are established.  The other way that were affected is often if there is a concentration in a particular therapeutic category the regulatory authorities may ask them to divest certain product lines. We usually see those picked up. So there can be a change in order patterns while those sales take place and the new producer picks up the product, but they tend to take place over time and theyre very, very hard to predict. So qualitatively one, the ways of the development programs and the decisions made there in terms of what to fund and what to prioritize; and two, the product shifts that sometimes take place.
Rafael Tejada  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, very helpful. Thank you.
Don Morel: Thanks, Rafael.
Operator: Thank you for your question. (Operator instructions.) Your next question comes from Ross Taylor of CL King.
Ross Taylor  CL King and Associates : I just had two or three quick questions. Just first a minor question on the backlog. For last years March quarter can you give a percentage breakdown for the high-value products versus the more standard products, just given (inaudible)?
Bill Federici: It was 53% high-value products of the total which is what it is at the end of March this year as well. At the end of December as I mentioned it was down to 49% of total.
Ross Taylor  CL King and Associates : Okay.
Don Morel: Ross, one comment. You have to be careful with that comparison because I would suspect the 2013 number incorporated some volume for the contract manufacturer I spoke about. So the delta is actually better on a comparative basis.
Bill Federici: And we also had longer lead times in March of 2013 so if youre trying to do apples to apples those lead times have come down. So the customers dont need to place orders as much in front of when they want delivery as they had back in March of 2013.
Ross Taylor  CL King and Associates : Okay, alright, thats helpful. And then Im kind of guessing that that increase in the percentage of the backlog related to the high-value products is one item that gives you a lot of confidence in that forecast you gave out of 8% to 12% growth in the high-value products over the balance of this year. Is that assumption correct? 
Don Morel: I think I would put it more into a family as opposed to a single product, Ross. Clearly a lot of that is FluroTec and Teflon-coated closures as well as prefilled syringe plungers. Those would be the driving categories.
Bill Federici: But youre right  the fact that there is a backlog increase in that composition of the increase is largely related to high-value products. This does give us a lot of comfort that that 8% to 12% growth for the remainder of the year makes a lot of sense to us in high-value products.
Ross Taylor  CL King and Associates : Okay, thats helpful. And then my last question relates to one of the comments in your press release on SmartDose where you stated that you expect some promising early-stage work to emerge as full-scale development programs during 2014. And if something becomes a full-scale development program does that mean its highly likely or 100% likely that its going to go into clinical trials? Or how should we think about a full-scale development program? 
Don Morel: The full-scale development to us means where we are delivering a solution to the customer for either their human use trials and/or clinical trials. When it gets to the utilization phase it usually means that we are at the start of Phase III and we have to have the lines and then well produce actual devices should the regulatory bodies approve the product that will be used when the product goes to market. So full-scale development applies to us delivering those devices for the human use and early clinical trials.
Ross Taylor  CL King and Associates : Okay. Thats great, thanks very much.
Don Morel: Thanks, Ross.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Arnie Ursaner of CJS Securities.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities : Hi, a couple of quick follow-ups. Normally your Q1 is your peak gross margin quarter as you get the benefit from price increases. Obviously this years gross margin was somewhat less. Again, I just want to clarify  theres nothing other than timing and mix that would affect your gross margin outlook?
Bill Federici: Yeah, the price you mentioned it on, in Packaging Systems the price increase was 0.4 percentage points. If you compare that to Q1 2013 it was 2.4 percentage points.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities : Okay.
Don Morel: Yeah, if you were to normalize the quarter, Arnie, for the HVP sales that declined I think youd see the margins pretty much in line with where we were in prior-
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities : And that plus the pricing.
Bill Federici: And remember, Arnie, as we said in the release normal inflationary cost increases have affected our margin as well. And those things along with when you have less high-value products you have less throughput in the plants so your efficiency isnt as good, your absorption isnt as good. So all of those factors together caused that margin to decline by 2.2% on a consolidated basis.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities : And we break out your SG&A in more detail than you do. Just to freshen that up can you comment on your IT spend and your outlook for that for the year?
Bill Federici: The IT spend was down, not a lot  it was roughly the same as it was in Q1 last year. And our spend for the full year will be roughly equivalent to what it was last year.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities : Okay. And I have a more structural question for Don if you dont mind. Theres been tremendous discussion among healthcare analysts about reimbursement and pricing on orphan drugs. I think the thing that really highlighted this was Gilead and I will mangle the pronunciation of the drug Solvadi. And the conclusion some investors seemed to reach is that healthcare companies were going to stop development of future drugs which would obviously have an enormous impact on you. Care to comment on that, Don?
Don Morel: We certainly havent seen any signs of that. I mean obviously the total course of therapy for the Hep-C drug out of Gilead kind of hit everybody between the eyes. I mean theres no doubt that its expensive. But in terms of development programs we see coming in and customer inquiries on closure systems and devices for new drugs we see no change. I mean clearly the conversation is going to continue because of the ACA and reimbursement but if youre the person that needs the drug I think youre going to find a way to pay for it. So were optimistic. The pipeline is as good as its ever been. The composition of the trials coming through the FDA has a very high percentage of biologics as you know and thats a space where West really enjoys a comfortable technology advantage currently as well as relationships with those customers that are key. So Im optimistic.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities : Thank you very much.
Don Morel: Thanks, Arnie.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Don Morel, Chairman and CEO for closing remarks. 
Don Morel: Thank you very much, Operator, and thank you everyone for your time this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again with our Q2 results in the latter part of July or early August. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect, have a good day.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-20 09:00:00) =====
Executives: John Woolford - Investor Relations, Westwicke Partners Don Morel - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Bill Federici - Chief Financial Officer Mike Anderson - Treasurer
Analysts: Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities Rafael Tejada - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Ross Taylor - CL King
Operator: Welcome to the West Pharmaceutical Services Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2013 Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions) This call is being recorded on behalf of West and is copyrighted material. It cannot be rerecorded or rebroadcast without the companys expressed permission. Your participation in this call implies your consent to our taping. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. And now Id like to turn todays meeting over to Mr. John Woolford from Westwicke Partners. Sir, you may begin.
John Woolford - Investor Relations, Westwicke Partners: Thank you, operator. Good morning everyone and welcome to Wests fourth quarter and full year 2013 results conference call. We issued our financial results this morning and the release has been posted in the Investors section on the companys website located at www.westpharma.com. If you have not received a copy of this announcement, please call Westwicke Partners at 443-213-0500 and a copy will be sent to you immediately. Posted on the companys website is a slide presentation that management will refer to in their remarks today. The presentation is in PDF format. Should you require a link to a free download of software that will enable users to view the presentation, is also available on the website. I remind you that statements made by management on this call and in the presentation will contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. Federal Securities law and that are based on managements beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. Many of the factors that will determine the companys future results are beyond the ability of the company to control or predict. These statements are subject to known or unknown risks or uncertainties and therefore actual results could differ materially from past results and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement. For a non-exclusive list of factors that could cause actual results to differ from expectations, please refer to todays press release, as well as any further disclosures the company makes on related subjects in the companys 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K reports. In addition, during todays call, management may make reference to non-GAAP financial measures including adjusted operating profit and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in materials accompanying this mornings earnings release. At this time, Id like to turn the call over to Don Morel, Wests Chairman and CEO. Don?
Don Morel - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, John and good morning everyone. Joining me for todays call are Bill Federici, Wests Chief Financial Officer and Mike Anderson, our Treasurer and Primary Investor Relations contact. This morning Bill and I will review our fourth quarter 2013 results and discuss our outlook and financial guidance for 2014. To support our commentary, we will refer to a PowerPoint slide deck that can be accessed through our website, www.westpharma.com under Investors. In the event you cannot access the file, the information in the slides is covered in both this mornings release and our remarks. Turning to some highlights for the fourth quarter as illustrated on Slide #3. West finished 2013 with a solid fourth quarter generating adjusted earnings of $0.38 per share versus $0.30 in the fourth quarter of 2012, an increase of more than 25%. Sales on a constant currency basis were up just over 5% at $342.7 million and our consolidated gross margin improved by 0.8 percentage points. Sales growth was driven by a slightly more favorable product mix and price increases in Pharmaceutical Packaging and higher contract manufacturing revenues and proprietary product sales in the Delivery Systems group. Slide 4 provides a summary of our fourth quarter financial performance. Slide 5 provides operating highlights for both the Packaging Systems and Delivery Systems segments. For the quarter, Packaging Systems sales increased 4.5% led by high-value Envision and FluroTec components. The backlog decreased slightly as our manufacturing team focused on reducing lead time and back orders for some key products. Sales in the Delivery Systems segment increased 7% led by increased sales of the ris safety system and contract manufacturing services. Our full year financial performance was summarized on Slide 6. 2013 was a record year for West. Sales grew 7.2% on a consolidated currency neutral basis to $1.37 billion driven by high value product sales and strong international sales growth in pharmaceutical systems. Gross margin and operating margin each improved by 1.2 and 0.7 percentage points on an adjusted basis to 31.8% and 11.9% respectively. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.63 taking into account the two for one stock split executed in September. We also increased our R&D investment in key programs like SmartDose, while maintaining our capital program to build capacity for high value product lines like Envision, FluroTec and NovaPure. Most importantly we secured the $20 million milestone for SmartDose exclusivity with a major customer and CZ sales for the full year exceeded our initial expectations at the outset of the year driven by cartridge and vial volumes. Our global capacity and product development projects continue to move forward as summarized on Slide 7. Our China rubber facility is operational and we are integrating that new capacity into our global manufacturing planning. Installation of machinery for metal seal manufacturing in our new India facility is nearing completion and validation tests are now underway. We expect to begin commercial sales from this operation in the next few months. We continue to evaluate the right timing for construction of the elastomer facility based on how we see demand unfolding in emerging markets over the next six to nine months. We will continue to invest in the development of our proprietary device platforms and expect continued growth from our currently marketed systems for reconstitution and needle safety in addition to clinical trials supplies with SmartDose in CZ. Sales of CZ containment system totaled $17.4 million in 2013 more than twice the level of 2012. While we made good progress on a range of programs in 2013 including having two customers advance CZ systems into human clinical trials demand will continue to fluctuate for the foreseeable future due to the uncertain timing of validation requirements and future clinical trials. We now believe there are a total of six molecules utilizing CZ primary containment systems on formal stability with the potential for four additional molecules to begin for formal stability in 2014. Two new development agreements with SmartDose were completed in the fourth quarter along with our first development program for the ConfiDose injection system. We expect the first half of 2014 to be very active for the device group with the 510(k) filing for SelfDose, SmartDose entering a large human trial with the customers drug, a potential supply agreement for the ris safety system, and the customer funded clinical trial for the SelfDose system. In our contract manufacturing group the two programs delayed at the end of 2013 are scheduled to go into production during the first and second quarters. A third program for our new customer injection system will ramp up through the second half of the year as well. Turning to our outlook for 2014, we see no fundamental changes to the primary growth drivers of our business. Our backlog entering 2014 was down slightly from the prior year largely as a result of the hard work of our operations teams to bring down lead times and back orders on certain high value products. In addition to several customers completing some strategic and special situation inventory builds due to process change validation testing and demand for some generic injectables that were in short supply throughout 2013 returning to more normal patterns. Summarized on Slide 8, we believe sales growth through the year will be in the range of 6% to 8% on a consolidated basis building revenues in the range of $1.45 billion to $1.48 billion. However, for the reasons described above we believe the first quarter will be softer than the record first quarter of 2013 with orders recovering in the second quarter through the end of the year. In Pharmaceutical Systems we believe we will see continued uptick of our high value products like Envision, Westar, FluroTec and NovaPure, while revenue growth and delivery systems will benefit from new product launches for customers in our contract manufacturing group and ongoing sales gains within our proprietary safety reconstitution and injection systems product lines. We are forecasting improvement in our full year consolidated gross and operating margins which should produce full year adjusted earnings in the range of $1.75 to $1.89 per share assuming a dollar-euro exchange rate of $1.35. Our fundamental strategy will remain focused on expansion of our high value product lines, lien operations and selective organic growth in emerging markets for the Packaging Systems segment. While shifting our sales mix to West proprietary products in the Delivery Systems group, we believe proprietary products as a percent of overall sales and device system will grow from 29%  to 29% from 25% in 2013. Id now like to turn the call over to Bill Federici for a more detailed discussion of our financial results. Bill?
Bill Federici - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Don and good morning everyone. We issued our fourth quarter results this morning reporting net income of $23.6 million, or $0.33 per diluted share on a post-split basis versus the $0.30 per diluted share we reported in the fourth quarter of 2012. Excluding the effects of special items from both periods, fourth quarter 2013 earnings were $0.38 per diluted share versus the $0.30 we earned in Q4 2012. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures is provided on Slides 15 and 16. Turning to sales. Slide 9 shows the components of our consolidated sales increase. Consolidated fourth quarter sales were $342.7 million, an increase of 5.1% over fourth quarter 2012 sales, excluding exchange. Packaging Systems sales increased by $10 million, or 4.5% over same quarter 2012 sales, excluding exchange. A favorable sales mix and volume growth accounted for 2.1 percentage points in the increase. Higher selling prices in Packaging Systems contributed to the remainder of the increase. High value product sales increased 4% versus the prior year quarter, excluding exchange. The slower growth of high value products in Q4 2013 comes on the heels of a Q3 high value product growth rate of 23% and a tough comp to the prior year Q4, where those sales grew 17%. For the full year, 2013 high value product sales increased 9.9% versus 2012, all excluding exchange. Delivery Systems sales increased $6.6 million or 7% over sales in the prior year quarter, excluding exchange. The sale increase was driven by good performances in our contract manufacturing operations and our proprietary businesses. Sales of proprietary products were $24.9 million, or 24.7% of the segments revenue in the quarter. CZ sales and development activity were approximately $4.7 million in Q4, roughly on par with the prior year quarter. On a full year basis, total 2013 proprietary products sales grew 19% over 2012. As provided on Slide 10, our consolidated gross profit margin for Q4, 2013 was 31.1% versus the 30.3% margin we achieved in the fourth quarter of 2012. Packaging Systems fourth quarter gross margin of 34.9% is three-tenths of a margin point higher than the 34.6% we achieved in the fourth quarter of 12. The impact of higher general inflationary cost was overcome by the favorable mix of products sold, the sales price actions that took effect over the past year and continued lean savings and efficiencies in our plans. Delivery Systems fourth quarter gross margin was 21.8%, 1.8 margin points higher than the prior year quarter. The positive sales mix and operating efficiencies more than offset increases in labor and overhead costs. As reflected on Slide 11, Q4 2013 consolidated SG&A expense increased by $1.4 million compared to the prior year quarter. The increase is due primarily to stock-based compensation expense caused by the rise of our stock price, higher estimated achievement levels on long-term performance based share programs and other compensation increases, all offset by decreases in our pension costs and outside service costs. As a percentage of sales, SG&A for Q4 2013 was seven-tenths of a percentage point less than the prior year period. Slide 12 shows our key cash flow metrics. Operating cash flow was $220.5 million for the full year of 2013, $33 million more than 2012 due primarily to our strong operating results. Capital additions of roughly $152 million were made in 2013, including the cash payments associated with the new corporate office and research facility. Roughly half of the remaining capital spent was on new products and expansion efforts. We expect capital additions of between $125 million and $145 million in 2014, including approximately $20 million of cost associated with our new China and India facilities. Slide 13 provides some summary balance sheet information. Our balance sheet continues to be strong. And we are confident that our business will provide necessary future liquidity. Our cash balance at year end was $230 million, $68 million higher than our December 2012 balance. The majority of our cash is invested overseas and is generally not available for repatriation without tax consequence. Debt at year end was $373 million, $38 million less than at the prior year end. Our net debt to total invested capital ratio at quarter end was 13.7%, a significant improvement from the 2012 year end ratio. Working capital totaled $414 million at year end, $118 million higher than the prior year end. The increase was primarily due to the higher cash balances mentioned above as well as higher accounts receivable and inventory balances. Our backlog of committed PPS orders remains strong at $337 million as of December 2013, which was approximately 5% less than December 2012 balances excluding exchange. Our reduced lead times and customer inventory management actions continue to impact our backlog and our results. Weve issued our full year 2014 guidance in this mornings release and guidance is summarized on Slide 14. Our guidance is based on an exchange rate of $1.35 per euro. Our actual 2013 results are translated at a $1.33 per euro rate. The favorable exchange rate environment creates favorable earning comparison to the prior year. Each $0.01 change of the dollar versus the euro results in about a $0.01 change in full year EPS as a result of translation. We believe 2014 revenue growth would be in the 6% to 8% range at constant exchange rate. Our consolidated sales should be in the range of $1.45 billion to $1.48 billion at expected exchange rates. Both operating segments should generate margin expansion. We believe that our favorable long-term growth rates on sales and operating profits remain unchanged, however as weve experienced in the past, customer inventory management activity had a significant effect especially on any given quarter. Weve seen the positive effects of such activity over the past several years as customers have rebuilt inventory levels or had made advanced orders in anticipation of plant closings or raw material changes. In the first quarter of 2014, we expect sales to be flat as compared to the prior year first quarter and expect difficult first quarter comps as the following factors impact Q1. Selling price increases to customers are expected to be about half of the price increases experienced in 2013 and we expect a less favorable mix of sales. 2014 R&D expenses are expected to increase by $5 million over 2013 levels. Our 2014 effective tax rate is expected to be approximately one percentage point higher because in U.S. its not yet enacted the research tax credit for 2014. We expect to incur an additional $1 million to $2 million of non-cash compensation expense associated with a change investing of certain incentive awards, a portion of which maybe excluded in arriving at our non-GAAP earnings. Despite these challenges we expect strong sales for the remainder of the year and expect to deliver on our full year earnings guidance of $1.75 to $1.89 per diluted share. Id now like to turn the call back over to Don Morel. Don.
Don Morel - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much, Bill. This concludes our prepared remarks this morning and we now look forward to answering your questions. Operator.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Arnie Ursaner of CJS Securities. Please proceed.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: Hi, good morning.
Don Morel: Good morning, Arnie.
Bill Federici:  Good morning, Arnie.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: I guess my first question is going back to your backlog. So the math should be about $330 million or so. Can you give us a little better feel for elements within that backlog, I know last year you had some certainly in Q1 you had an unusual item that you highlighted in the call. Maybe just give us a little more color on the elements of the backlog and why you are so confident it will restore itself in the back part of the year?
Don Morel: Yes. In PPS, its about $336 million. Overall, its about $353 million. Weve got a bit of an unusual circumstance in the quarter and that the part of the PPS backlog will be pushed into the second quarter. And that simply inventory management by two key customers that have pushed some orders out. We also had one unique item where a process change resulted in a fairly large customer in the high value product line actually ordering more than they would normally order to accommodate line trials to prove out the process change. So in fact what you got is a slightly higher percentage of the existing backlog actually being three to six months out instead of just three months out.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: Okay. And then in your prepared remarks on Slide 7 you mentioned that you expect a clinical drug trial in smart dose in the second quarter to begin, can you comment on whether thats related to the payment you received, the exclusivity payment you received is it related to that product?
Don Morel: I would not comment on that because of our confidentiality agreement with the customer and the timing of the trial is fully up to the design and the enrolment by the customer. Our best bet right now is second quarter it may slip into the third quarter. I think the important thing is that we began shipping clinical units from operations for that trial.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: Okay. And the broad category of the PCSK9 inhibitors is an area where a lot of people are talking about injectables having a significant role replacing statins that are a lot of companies are involved in this area running trials and it could have a significant impact on the company like West if a product like SmartDose were used to deliver the PCSK9 inhibitors, can you comment any more on that pieces?
Don Morel: There is a lot of categories that could have a dramatic impact on SmartDose. So I think whats encouraging for us is I said in my prepared remarks is that we have two other development agreements that we entered into in the fourth quarter, certainly if you talk to the industry, the opportunity to formulate differently is going to I think bring patch injectors of this type to the forefront over the next three to five years especially if some of these new therapies come to market. So we think we are in a good space. We like the combination of our technology with the CZ containment system. We think its a unique offering and hopefully we will be able to provide some more color as things unfold through the year.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: Thank you.
Don Morel: Thank you, Arnie.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Rafael Tejada of Bank of America-Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Rafael Tejada - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning and thank you for the question.
Don Morel: Good morning Rafael.
Rafael Tejada - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: And I just wanted to dig in a little bit more on the EPS outlook, the midpoint basically just looks a little bit lighter than what I was expecting in terms of the outlook. So basically I just wanted to get a better sense in terms of some of the components that might be affecting the gross margin, operating margin and profitability of some of the segments. So basically can you discuss the expectations for growth in the standard versus the high value packaging products in 2014 and also wondering if contract manufacturing could be a drag to that profitability in 2014. And lastly just wondering if you can comment on your expectations for CZ contribution this year? Thanks.
Don Morel: Sure. Let me start with the contract and CZ contribution and Bill can comment on the packaging side. Contract manufacturing should actually have a pretty good year. We are seeing the two programs that were delayed last year coming into full production sometime by probably the middle part of the second or later part of the second quarter. So we are very encouraged by that. We have another program we expect to be substantial coming in the second half of the year. So if volumes hold steady, we think that that will be a good contributor. CZ is going to be a bit lumpy as we talked about before, its difficult to predict based on demands for clinical trials and line validation. We would certainly expect revenues to be on par with this year or above. So we are looking forward to good performance in both of those areas.
Bill Federici: Rafael as it relates to the margins, we do expect high value product sales for the full year to be in the double digit range, low-double digit range for the full year despite the fact that the first quarter will be a challenge. We expect that we are going to see normal inflationary increases in costs. I mentioned that pricing is going to be less, we are going to have less pricing to our customer than we had about half of what we had in 2013 and 2014. You can imagine R&D expenses will continue to increase as we continue to work on our development programs on both sides of the business, both in the Delivery Systems and in Packaging Systems. That will grow by about $5 million versus 2013. And I mentioned that our effective tax rate because the U.S. has not yet enacted the research tax credit for 2014. That actually will have a one percentage point increase in our cash rate. So, we are expecting 26% versus the 25% you saw in 2013. Those are the big drivers. Despite the first quarters challenges because of the very, very high comps that we have as Don mentioned you had some things that went into the fourth quarter and third quarter of 2013 high value products, where in the third quarter were up 23% in 2013. We still think we are going to be able to grow the business nicely and end up with a 6% to 8% growth in sales for 2014.
Rafael Tejada - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay. And just a couple more, just wondering if  have you seen any changes in terms of ordering patterns from those from generic customers as opposed to branded drug customers?
Don Morel: Nothing, it really stands out. The biggest issue was one of the major manufacturers announced that they were going to seize production last year. We expect that volume to go to other producers. It just hasnt shown up in our forecast yet.
Rafael Tejada - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay. And just one last clarification point for Q1, with the commentary that Q1 sales are expected to be flat in earnings, are earnings also expected to be flat?
Don Morel: On the revenue side, I think we are comfortable with that. This is the reason we guide the years, okay, every once in a while we get shift in order patterns that are difficult to predict. We are very confident in the full year number and we will see how the order book fills out for Q1 and talk about that when we get our call in April.
Rafael Tejada - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay, I appreciate it. Thank you.
Don Morel: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Ross Taylor of CL King. Please proceed.
Ross Taylor - CL King: Hi, just have two or three questions. First, I wanted to start, I wondered if you could repeat the CZ revenue number for the full year, I miss that when you gave it out in your prepared remarks?
Bill Federici: Yes, it was $17.4 million.
Ross Taylor - CL King: Okay. And you mentioned some additional molecules coming on form of stability trials of resin CZ, and is it still best to think that those formal stability trials take about two years or is there any reason for us to estimate maybe it could be shorter than that?
Don Morel: Yes, two years is the best rule of thumb. We should also add a safety factor in, because remember they are going to have to run line trials to get the plastic into their operations as well. So, two years is a pretty good figure on the formal stability.
Ross Taylor - CL King: Okay. And then you are saying that you will also bake in some additional time to get it on to their lines?
Don Morel: Yes. For them to run plastic through their lines improve the performance of the system.
Ross Taylor - CL King: Okay, alright.
Don Morel: Their manufacturing line, not ours.
Ross Taylor - CL King: Right, right. And my last question just relates to capital spending, I think you said about half of your expected capital spend in 2014 would be associated with some of your new products and for how many years will kind of investments in capital are planned associated with some of these new products continue. And I guess what I am trying to figure out is kind of what to expect for the next several years in terms of your total capital spending level?
Don Morel: Well, what we see generally is we try to put a band around it for you. Now, 125 to 145 is a good proxy for what we see over time. The mission really comes down to what is in the composition of that 125 to 145. Clearly, there is an amount of normal maintenance capital. So, our capital intensive business it is about $65 million growing as the portfolio of underlying assets grows. We spend about $10 million to $15 million per year on IT as we upgrade systems and infrastructure. We will spend as we said in the prepared remarks somewhere in the $20 million this year relative to China and India probably a similar amount next year and perhaps even into 2016 a little bit, but then that will falloff. But at the same time, we will be continuing to put additional capacity into our high value product offerings on the component side of the business. So for instance, vision system, additions to those existing lines, infection lines, as well as clean ones to bag off the products in a clean environment, all this represents a push by not only the regulators, but our customers to go to as a higher quality cleaner product. All of those things will factor into our CapEx as we go. And on the Delivery Systems side, there is a little bit of maintenance as it relates to the contract manufacturing business, but the bulk of that spend over on that side of the business will be for the increased capacity relative to CZ, SmartDose and the other proprietary products.
Ross Taylor - CL King: Okay, thats good. I appreciate the detail.
Don Morel: Youre welcome.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) At this time, there are no additional questions in the queue. And I would like to turn the call back over to Dan Morel for closing remarks. Please proceed sir.
Don Morel - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much operator and thank you everyone for your time this morning. We look forward to updating you on the year when we come to our first quarter conference call in late April. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-31 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Don Morel - Chairman and CEO Bill Federici - Vice President and CFO John Woolford - Investor Relations, Westwicke Partners
Analysts: Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities Ross Taylor - CL King Rafael Tejada - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day and welcome to the West Pharmaceutical Services Third Quarter 2013 Result conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). This call is being recorded on behalf of West and is copyrighted material. It cannot be rerecorded or rebroadcast without the companys expressed permission. Your participation in this call implies your consent to our taping. If you have any objection, you may disconnect at this time. And now Id like to turn todays meeting over to Mr. John Woolford from Westwicke Partners. Sir, you may begin.
John Woolford: Thank you, operator. Good morning everyone and welcome to Wests third quarter 2013 results conference call. We issued our financial results this morning and the release has been posted in the Investors section on the companys website located at www.westpharma.com. If you have not received a copy of this announcement please call Westwicke Partners at 443-213-0500 and a copy will be sent to you immediately. Posted on the companys website is a slide presentation that management will refer to in their remarks today. The presentation is in PDF format. Should you require a link to a free download of software that will enable users to view the presentation, is also available on the website. I remind you that statements made by management on this call and in the presentation will contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. Federal Securities law and that are based on managements beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. Many of the factors that will determine the companys future results are beyond the ability of the company to control or predict. These statements are subject to known or unknown risks or uncertainties and therefore actual results could differ materially from past results and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement. For a non-exclusive list of factors which could cause actual results to differ from expectations, please refer to todays press release, as well as any further disclosures the company makes on related subjects in the companys 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K reports. In addition, during todays call, management may make reference to non-GAAP financial measures including adjusting operating profit and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in materials accompanying this mornings earnings release. At this time, Id like to turn the call over to Don Morel, Wests Chairman and CEO. Don?
Don Morel : Thank you, John and good morning everyone. Welcome to West third quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Bill Federici, Wests Chief Financial Officer and Mike Anderson our Treasurer and Primary Investor Relations contact. This morning Bill and I will be discussing our operating performance for the past three months and their outlook for the remainder of the year. We will also provide a preliminary revenue guidance for 2014 and our update for our five year planning objectives for the business. As in past calls, we will referring a PowerPoint slide deck to support our remarks, which can be accessed via our website under Investor. However, if you cannot access the file, the information in the slides is covered in both this mornings release and our prepared remarks. West had a very strong third quarter as summarized on slide 3 and 4. Beginning with slide 3, which was highlights in the quarter. Revenues were up strongly versus 2012 driven by high value product sales and Pharmaceutical Packaging. The favorable product mix resulted in a one percentage point improvement in our gross margin, which when combined with contributions from our lean initiatives and SG&A control yielded a more than 40% increase in adjusted operating profit. And as was announced in our August call, the two-for-one stocks were approved by the Board was distributed the shareholders September 26. Turning to slide number 4. Consolidated sales increased 10.9% to just over $341 million excluding currency effects and our consolidated gross margin increased to 30.8%. Adjusted operating profits improved by $11.8 million to $39.7 million and adjusted earnings per share were $0.39 versus $0.26 on a split adjusted basis. Overall it was a very strong quarter for the company.  Additional segment details are provided on slide number 5. Sales in the Packaging Systems segment grew by 14.7% and Delivery Systems grew by 1.7%, again excluding the effects of currency. Pharmaceutical Packaging Sales benefited from a very positive sales mix generated by substantially higher sales of Westar and FluroTec products, especially in markets outside the U.S. and strong Asia-Pacific demand. Sales of high value products increased over 23% versus the prior year period and rebounded from the 3.3% gain in the second quarter of this year. Delivery Systems sales grew modestly driven by a 12% increase in sales of CZ cartridges and vials. In our contract manufacturing operations Europe demand continue to be strong for insulin delivery system, while North America was softer as a result of regulatory delays with two key start-up programs. We expect both of these programs to ramp up in the first half of 2014. Our current backlog of firm committed orders as of September 30th, was $355 million on prior with the backlog at the close of the second quarter and 12% ahead of the prior year period. On a positive note, incoming orders for 2014 are ahead of prior year levels are good sign for this part of the year.  Slide number 6 provides a brief summary of our ongoing expansion in new product development programs. The new China elastomer facility is up and running with third quarter production largely allocated to customer line files and validation testing. Commercial sales will start this quarter. Installation of machinery for metal seal manufacturing has started in India facility and we expect commercial production to start on schedule in early 2014.  Based on gains and production efficiency in existing facilities however, we are looking at deferring the elastomer portion of the India facility for 12 to 18 months. This decision will be based on how we see demand unfolding to the Middle East and Far East markets over the next few quarters.  We expect double-digit increases in sales of our proprietary systems during 2013 with CZ revenues for the full year totaling nearly $15 million. During the third quarter proprietary sales in the Delivery System group accounted for 24% of revenues with CZ revenues topping $4 million.  However, as we've discussed in prior calls the nature customer clinical trials and production validation runs will likely cause demand over the next 12 to 24 months to fluctuate. The key parameter for the eventual commercialization of CZ systems and container remains customer initiation of formal stability trials. We will continue to provide updates on our quarterly calls as we're able given the confidentiality provisions of our development agreements with customers. However interest remains very strong in CZ as a primary container especially for sensitive biologic molecule and in systems for high volume administration either by a pre-filled syringe or pump system such as SmartDose. I believe West is in a very strong position to satisfy the growing market need for enhanced containment and deliver systems for protein therapeutics. Turning to our outlook for the remainder of 2013. As outlined on slide number 7 and in this mornings release we believe sales growth for the year will be in the range of 6% to 8% on a consolidated basis using revenues in the range of $1.36 to $1.38 billion. Increased sales of our high value product lines and the continued shift to proprietary products will drive 2014 revenue growth. We're forecasting improvement in our full year consolidated gross margins, which when coupled with our assumptions for SG&A and R&D spending should produce full year adjusted earnings in the range of $1.58 to $1.63 per share assuming a dollar euro exchange rate of 1.35 for the remainder of the year. Slide number eight summarizes our current outlook for 2014 in the five year planning period ending in 2018. For 2014 we believe consolidated revenue growth will again be in the 6% to 8% on a constant currency basis, with high value product sales in the developed markets, volume increase in an emerging markets and new programs and contract manufacturing driving growth. As customer stability testing and validation studies continue, CZ tails within the Pharmaceutical Delivery Systems we are expecting grow 15% to 20%, although off a relatively small base. For five year period ending in 2018, we currently believe organic growth and Packaging Systems coupled with the commercialization of new products in the Delivery System group has the potential to push revenues to between $2 to $2.2 billion. Our fundamental strategy will remain focused on expansion of our high value product lines, lean operations and selective organic growth in emerging markets for the Packaging segment, while shifting our sales mix to West proprietary products in the Delivery Systems group. Executing the strategy we believe has the potential to push our consolidated operating margins to between 18% and 20% at the end of the five year plan period, consistent with the objectives we laid out in late 2012. Id now like to turn the call over to Bill Federici for a more detailed discussion of our financial results. Bill?
Bill Federici : Thank you, Don and good morning everyone. We issued our third quarter results this morning reporting net income of $26.8 million or $0.37 per diluted share versus the $0.21 per diluted share we reported in the third quarter of 2012. Excluding the effects of special items in both periods, our Q3 2013 adjusted diluted earnings per share are $0.39, compared to $0.26 in the prior year quarter. The reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures are detailed on slide 15 through 17.  Turning to sales. Slide 9, shows the components of our consolidating sales increase. Consolidated third quarter sales were $341.8 million, an increase of 10.9% over third quarter 2012 sales excluding exchange. Packaging Systems sales increased by $31.8 million or 14.7% over same quarter 2012 sales excluding exchange. Volume increases and a favorable mix of products sold accounted for 12.3 percentage points of the increase. Sales price increases contributed the remaining 2.4 percentage points.  Sales of our high value products increased 23.4% versus the prior year quarter excluding exchange. Our Q3 2013 high value product growth was due to continued increased demand for advanced coated and left out process components. You may recall that our second quarter high value product sales grew at a more modest 3.3%. Our third quarter sales benefited from customer inventory management actions including the prelaunch ramp up for customer vaccine and some safety stock building by another customer in advance from a formulation change. We believe that our Packaging Systems Q3 sales growth excluding the effects of customer inventory management actions is more inline with our expected annualized growth rate of 6% to 8% and that our high value product sales growth excluding these items is in the low to mid teens.  Delivery Systems sales increased by 1.7% over the prior year quarter excluding exchange. Sale improvements for CZ and safety systems were partially offset by lower contract manufacturing sales. Sales of proprietary products were $21.3 million or 23.6% of the segments revenues in the quarter compared to 21.3% in the prior year quarter. CZ sales and development activity were approximately $4.4 million in Q3, about $2 million higher than the prior year quarter with CZ cartridge samples accounting for the majority of the increase. As provided on slide 10, our consolidated gross profit margin for Q3 of 2013 was 30.8% versus the 29.8% margin we achieved in the third quarter of 2012. Packaging Systems third quarter gross margin of 35.6% is 2.3 margin points higher than the 33.3% achieved in the third quarter of 12. The strong sales mix accounts for the majority of the improvement aided by sales price increases and volume-related efficiency improvements in our plants that offset labor and other cost increases. Raw material costs were slightly favorable compared to the prior year quarter. Delivery Systems third quarter gross margin decreased 3.4 margin points versus the prior year quarter to 17.6%. Modest price increases were offset by an unfavorable mix of sales due to increased sales of lower margin CZ vials and cartridges and lower plant throughput in the contract fracturing business together with higher material, depreciation overhead and labor cost. As reflected on slide 11, Q3, 2013 consolidated SG&A expenses increased by $2.4 million or 4.5% compared to the prior year quarter due to normal inflationary increases, personnel increases in Asia to support our growing business and increased outside services spend mostly related to review of our supply chain. Within the Delivery Systems segment, SG&A cost include additional support for business development and marketing of our proprietary product offerings, retirement plant expense decreased by about $1 million versus the prior year quarter. Current quarter SG&A expense declined as a percentage of sales compared to the prior year period. Slide 12 shows our key cash flow metrics. Operating cash flow was $151.7 million for the first nine months of 2013, $34 million more than the comparable prior year period due primarily to our strong operating results and [receipt] of the $20 million SmartDose exclusivity payment earlier this year. Capital additions of $113.1 million were made in the first nine months of 2013 including the $35 million of accrued new headquarter building cost paid in 2013, roughly half of the capital was spent on new products and expansion efforts. We expect this trend between $125 million and $135 million in capital in the 2013 excluding the $35 million of accrued new headquarter building cost. Slide 13 provides some summary balance sheet information. Our balance sheet continues to be strong and were confident that our business will provide necessary future liquidity. Our cash balance at September 30th was $222 million, $60 million higher than our December 2012 balance. The vast majority of our cash is invested overseas and is generally not available to be repatriated to the U.S regarding current cash consequences. Debt at September 30th was $400 million. Our net debt to total invested capital ratio at quarter-end was 17.6%, about 8 percentage points lower than the prior year-end ratio. Working capital totaled $397 million at September 30th, $101 million higher than at the prior year-end. The increase in working capital was due to the increase in cash, accounts receivable and inventory, as well as timing-related decreases in accounts payables on accruals. In summary, we had a strong third quarter. Our full year guidance yields consolidated sales growth of 6% to 8% ex-currency and should result in mid to high teens adjusted diluted EPS growth. We also expect sales growth to continue in that 6% to 8% range ex-currency through 2014 and anticipate accelerating sales growth to at least that range to our five year long-term planning horizon. Id now like to turn the call back over to Don Morel. Don?
Don Morel: Thanks very much, Bill. This concludes our prepared remarks for this morning. And we look forward to answering any questions you might have. Operator?
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And your first question comes from the line of Arnie Ursaner with CJS Securities. Please proceed.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: Hi. Good morning and congratulations on a very good quarter.
Don Morel: Good morning, Arnie. Thanks.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: In pharmaceutical Delivery Systems, can you help us better understand, you mentioned lower profitability from preclinical volumes of CZ cartridges. I guess I am thinking of it very favorably that you have a lot more CZ cartridges going out. But why would it have a negative an impact on your margin. Are you essentially giving it away at the beginning of the process?
Don Morel:
):
Bill Federici: And the other part of that story was to reduce throughput in the contract manufacturing plants, Arnie.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: Okay. And then going back to the core business, the packaging systems piece, you mentioned your backlog is up 12% which is a really good number. You also mentioned you are moving some order trends out into early next year which seems even earlier than normal. I guess my question is you highlighted Q3 was impacted by earlier shipments of some products sort of some preordering for new program. You normally have excellent visibility into all of Q4 at this point, Im trying to weigh the two as to how much did we really borrow and have stronger backlog do you have for Q4 entering next year?
Don Morel: Yeah. I mean its probably a bunch of questions in there. The orders for 2014 that are flowing in are positive and more what we think is part of our normal business flow in the fourth quarter. The two things that happen in the third quarter, we did have acceleration with volumes for vaccine product which is not a typical given the fact that they would be preparing for the full season and other things. And the other one is an unusual one, with a change in a detergent agent with the way that we process some of our products for our specific customers. So in fact during the quarter they have been double ordering new samples so that they can run their validation trials and old samples before the product is continued to run current volumes, so that was the better to pick up problem in the third quarter. The fourth quarter is ordinary one and which we do have good visibility, but it is subject to some lumpiness as customer adjust year-end volumes. So we feel good about where were at and we feel good about the fact that 14 is starting to sell in.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: Okay. My final question if I can before jumping back in queue is, as you, you obviously provide as you always do with this time of year, your five year place which drives your comp, but two questions related to that. What CapEx do you have embedded in that plan? And to the extent that simple, towards the end of that program how do you see the trend of return on invested capital going?
Bill Federici: The answer to the first question, the range is what weve seen thus far somewhere in that $120 million to $150 million. It will vary each year, but thats a good way to think about CapEx going forward. In terms of the second question about how ROIC will progress, we think ROIC will get stronger over the planned period as the profitability increases from the commercialization of those proprietary products in the back half of the planned that has the, carries not only higher revenue per unit, but also higher margin per unit in that business and therefore will increase the profitability and as such it will increase ROIC.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: Thank you very much.
Bill Federici: Thanks, Arnie.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ross Taylor with CL King. Please proceed.
Ross Taylor - CL King: Hi. Maybe I will start with
Don Morel: Hey. Good morning, Ross.
Bill Federici:  Good morning, Ross. 
Ross Taylor - CL King: Hi. How are you all doing? Your five year plan objective, the 18% to 20% margin objective how much of that is driven product mix and how much of that might, the improvement might be driven by just factors like leveraging your fixed cost or your other efficiency programs?
Don Morel: Yeah. The majority of it is driven by the product mix both as we see a higher shift through the value-add and the Packaging Systems group, we think that sounds like to run. A large part of it is driven by the proprietary mix and Delivery Systems moving from about 24% now to we think we can get it close to 50%. So the uptick of those products carries a much higher gross margin and in fact drives the improvement in the consolidated operating margin. It is not a whole lot built in on the lean and efficiency side although we certainly will continue those programs and always look to see how we can keep our cost as well as that possibly can be, but the majority will be driven by mix.
Ross Taylor - CL King: Okay. And another question, in your remarks you mentioned that you thought the adjusted rate of growth for your high value pharma packaging items was probably in the low to mid teens and is that kind of a good rate to expect say for the next one to three years to those types of products?
Bill Federici: Yeah. I agree, Ross. Other than some lumpiness in individual quarters which we saw last quarter when the high value products only grew about 3%. Weve looked back overtime weve shown you that slide when we get together the last five years through 2012, high value products grew at 15% on a compound annual growth rate over that time period. We see no reason why over, again lumpiness in quarters, but if you look at over the year time horizon, no reason why we should not continue to see growth in kind of that low to mid teens rate.
Ross Taylor - CL King: Okay, thanks. And my last question relates to SmartDose, I think the anticipation have been that a clinical trial would begin with that product before the end of this year, and can you give any, your comments as to whether thats still the expectations?
Don Morel: Its likely to be pushed out to early next year. The customer has requested a few design changes, which are underway. We are doing clinical trials solely for human factors engineering, but in terms of including the drug it will likely be early next year.
Ross Taylor - CL King: Okay, all right. Thats all my questions. Thank you.
Don Morel: Thank you.
Bill Federici: Thanks, Ross.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Rafael Tejada with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Rafael Tejada - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just a quick question on the 2014 6% to 8% growth, can you just talk about the growth assumptions for the different buckets? And are you still thinking of the contract manufacturing pieces at 3% to 5% grower? And what sort of contributions are you baking in from Crystal Zenith?
Don Morel: Okay. I will take them as you gave them. The 6% to 8%, we think about pricing, its going to be what we talked about generally, which is 1% to 1.5%. There is a little bit of volume in there, again maybe in the same kind of weighing 1% to 1.5% and rest would be what we consider to be mix. So as it relates to the contract manufacturing business growth rate, yeah the 3% to 5% is a good way to think about that. And I think I forgot the last part of that question.
Rafael Tejada - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: The CZ contribution I guess?
Don Morel: CZ is going to be again modestly increasing somewhere in the mid -teens rate of increase and that will be off a base. We think this year it'll get around $15 million of sales of the CZ and then you have an increase of something like 15% on top of that.
Rafael Tejada - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then with regards to Q4, could you just remind us if there was, what sort of benefit there was from last year's flu season and if you are factoring in what kind of projections are you making in terms of sales contribution this year?
Bill Federici: Yeah. You wouldn't see the whole lots of flu in the fourth quarter, that's all pre-manufactured at the end of the second and third quarter. So year-on-year no real change there.
Rafael Tejada - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just a different question in regards to the sort of stocking that youre seeing from your customers, whether you've seen any changes in their stocking behavior through the year? And just bigger picture, typically how long do you -- biopharma customers stock or excuse me just your end customers, how long do they stock either conditional packaging products for?
Bill Federici: Yeah, its across the board. So if you take the disposable net device customers, that usually gets consumed and what they will consider just in time. They usually carry anywhere between four and six weeks would be a pretty good number. Those manufacturing sites are located pretty close to their. So those times tend to be a bit lower. On the pharmaceutical side, again its all over the map depending on product type and demand. It is not unusual from those companies to keep somewhere between three and four months stock on hand. With some of the lead time challenges we had in the high value products earlier in the year, we did have customers build up safety stocks to a higher level. For the biotech companies, its not unusual for some to be at six to nine months and others to be at nine to 12 months. That would be for finished goods. So we also work very closely with our customers in terms of raw material strategies. We also have safety inventories of all critical raw materials, some of which stretch to a year.
Rafael Tejada - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. I'll jump back in the queue. Thank you very much.
Operator: (Operator Instruction). Your next question comes from the line of Arnie Ursaner with CJS Securities. Please proceed. 
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities:  Two follow-up questions if I can. One is around this time youre normally dealing with contract renewals at key customers, but my recollection is you signed most of the major ones last year, the multi-year ones, is that correct?
Don Morel: That is correct and currently we have one pending.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: Okay. And in the October 2013 issue of Applied Radiation and Isotopes, they have an article discussing the benefits of CZ in a more specific closure, but youve also been trying to educate the medical community about the benefits of CZ. How do you plan the useless current study validating the improvement from CZ to market to other companies, or rather...?
Don Morel:  Well, certainly you need market niche. As a reminder, the CZ platform has always had a very strong position in radioisotopes and contrast imaging agents. So Daikyo currently sales, I would estimate probably about $30 million to $40 million worth of CZ going directly in the image contrast agents. So the study in effect validated with the customer was weve already seen and testing in terms of the performance improvement of the material versus glass. The major issue here is breakthrough systems, but if the article pointed out there are also some other conventional benefits. In terms of our marketing, we continue to get the word out in terms of how we perceive the benefits for especially high value products to be presented to our customers, whether its break resistance, reduction and contamination, elimination of silicon, all of them look for a different list of performance attributes that will enhance their product. Well fortune to be in a position that through a combination of technologies we can offer them a range of those benefits. So these conferences, its one-on-one contact through the sales force and continuing to push the message.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities:  Okay. And you said a customer undergoing testing on -- shifting gears on SmartDose, you had a client undergoing some pretty more extensive testing of that as part of a roll out, can you update us on the status?
Don Morel:  Yeah, its a bit of a follow-up to Ross question. The majority of the testing thats taken place over the last six months has been very focused, human factors trial, very interested in how they obviously follow the user instructions that placement on the abdomen pain levels, those trials had gone very well with very high satisfaction rates. We did get some feedback out of those trials resulting in a couple of design changes and thats what pushed the actual drug trial into the early part of 2014, but we see the feedback on a patient basis being very, very positive.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: Okay. Just to remind investors, Don, I know youve tried to be cautious about when we have a major inflection point on CZ, but maybe take a minute and as you think about the kind of next five-year view on a conservative basis, when do you expect a meaningful acceleration of West growth from CZ when do you see that inflection point occurring?
Don Morel:  Yeah, I mean, there is two answer to the question, Arnie. One is that follows the traditional two-year stability and one year view on approval by the various regulatory agencies. The conservative view is late 15, early 16. The aggressive view is the drugs that would have a nine or 12 month stability trial. We dont know if any of those going on currently to my knowledge, which might pull forward a little bit, but I think it would have taken a stand, you probably in the Q4 15, Q1, Q2 16 kind of range for the real inflection point.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: And how many compounds currently are under a review or test? I know its been in hundreds, but maybe
Don Morel:  Yeah in terms of pre-stability and early validation and compatibility testing, we know that its more than a hundred to our knowledge and we have gotten no update from our customers right now. There are four that are on formal stability.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: Okay, thank you.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions. I would now like to turn the call over to Donald Morel for closing remarks.
Don Morel: Thank you very much for your time this morning. We look forward to talking with you again during our February year end call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Donald E. Morel Jr., Ph.D.  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer William J. Federici  Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Michael A. Anderson  Treasurer and Vice President John Woolford - Investor Relations-Westwicke Partners
Analysts:  Arnold Ursaner  CJS Securities Sean Dodge  Jefferies & Company Ross Taylor  CL King and Associates 
Operator: A very good day to you ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the West Pharmaceutical Services Second Quarter 2013 conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. This call is being recorded on behalf of West and is copyrighted material. It cannot be rerecorded or rebroadcast without the companys express permission. Your participation in this call implies your consent to our taping. If you have any objection, you may disconnect at this time. Now Id like to turn todays meeting over to Mr. John Woolford from Westwicke Partners. Sir, you may begin.
John Woolford: Thank you, operator. Good morning everyone and welcome to Wests second quarter 2013 results conference call. We issued our financial results this morning and the release has been posted in the Investors section on the companys website located at www.westpharma.com. Please note that we are issuing a corrected release which should be available soon. We are correcting the upper end of the 2013 GAAP fully diluted EPS range to $3.28. If you have not received a copy of the announcement, please call Westwicke Partners at 443-213-0500 and a copy will be sent to you immediately. Posted on the companys website is a slide presentation that management will refer to in their remarks today. The presentation is in PDF format. Should you require a link to a free download of software that will enable users to view the presentation, it is also available on the website. I remind you that statements made by management on this call and in the presentation will contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of US Federal Securities law and that are based on managements beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. Many of the factors that will determine the companys future results are beyond the ability of the company to control or predict. These statements are subject to known or unknown risks or uncertainties and therefore actual results could differ materially from past results and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement. For a non-exclusive list of factors which could cause actual results to differ from expectations, please refer to todays press release, as well as any further disclosures the company makes on related subjects in the companys 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K reports.  In addition, during todays call, management may make reference to non-GAAP financial measures including adjusting operating profit and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in materials accompanying this mornings earnings release. At this time, Id like to turn the call over to Don Morel, Wests Chairman and CEO. Don?
Donald Morel: Thank you very much, John, and good morning everyone. Welcome to Wests second quarter Analyst call. Im joined by Bill Federici, Wests Chief Financial Officer; and Mike Anderson, our Treasurer and Primary Investor Relations Contact.  As you know, West released our Q2 earnings earlier this morning and during this call, Bill and I will be discussing our recent performance and our outlook for the second half of the year. As in past calls, we will refer to a PowerPoint slide deck to support our remarks which can be accessed via our website under Investors. However, if you cannot access the file, the information in the slides is covered in both this mornings release and our prepared remarks. Slide number 3 lays out a few highlights from the quarter and todays announcements. First, results were very positive for both businesses. Were growing sales, expanding margins and higher earnings per share. Those results in the quarter are a factor in raising our EPS expectations for the full year. Ill come back to those in a moment and Bill will go into greater detail during his commentary. We realized an important milestone in the quarter, receiving a $20 million exclusivity fee from a customer for the use of SmartDose in a single therapeutic area. We will recognize that income over the 13 year life of the agreement. And so it is not a major factor in our current results. It is however a major marker in terms of the state of the technology and while the customer and drug remain confidential, we are very excited about the future prospects for this platform.  In addition to our results, we also announced today that we will affect the two-for-one stock split in September. This is the second split in the last 10 years and is symbolic of our confidence in Wests future. In connection with the split, we also announced today that Wests Board approved an increase in our quarterly dividend by $0.01, effective in the fourth quarter. This increase marks the 21st consecutive yearly dividend increase for West and is also indicative of our confidence and the long term prospects for the business. Turning to some additional financial highlights on Slide number 4, consolidated sales increased to $344.5 million or by 5.7%, excluding currency effects as a result of ongoing strong demand across both operating segments. Our consolidated gross margin for the quarter improved by 1.8 margin points to 32.2%, and operating profit improved by $3 million to $42.5 million when compared with the prior year period. For the quarter, adjusted earnings per share were $0.86, versus $0.79 during the second quarter of 2012.  Additional segment details are provided on Slide number 5. Sales in the Packaging Systems segment grew by 6.3% and Delivery Systems grew by 4.3%, again excluding the effects of currency. Pharmaceutical Packaging Sales benefited from increased sales of standard, pre-fillable syringe components and higher selling prices. Sales of high value products increased 3.3% versus the second quarter of 2012, which is a smaller improvement than weve seen in recent quarters, primarily due to product growth of remarkable 28% in the prior year period. We fully expect high value product sales growth to be in the range of 10% to 12% for the second half of the year. Delivery Systems sales grew as a result of strong demand for proprietary products, including CZ vials and cartridges and proprietary devices for reconstitution and safety. Contract manufacturing revenues were slightly lower as a result of regulatory delays for two new customer projects. Overall, sales of proprietary West systems accounted for 26% of total delivery system revenues, up slightly versus the first quarter of 2013, which compares very well to the 20% proprietary mix in the prior year quarter. Operating results did not include any substantial part of the SmartDose exclusivity fee, whereas we recognized $3.8 million from development fees in the prior year quarter. In those terms, the comparison is unfavorable, although this years progress is more noteworthy in terms of the products commercial potential.  Our current backlog of firm committed orders at June 30 is 14% than the second quarter of 2012 on a currency neutral basis, but decreased slightly compared with the first quarter of this year. As discussed in our May call, this sequential pattern is in line with historical norms, as customers typically order larger quantities of product early in the year. From midyear through the third quarter, orders in sales slow as they focus on managing their inventories around production shutdown periods for summer and yearend holidays and as they address their yearend working capital and cash flow targets.  From a pure operation standpoint, we have made good progress in reducing lead times for certain key products in Europe, which also shortens order lead times while seeing orders grow in North America and Asia. All in, we expect our backlog to come down further during the third quarter before orders begin flowing in for 2014 in the middle of the fourth quarter. We dont expect these order patterns to adversely impact comparable sales in the second half of the year, but Ill speak to our guidance in a few minutes. Slide number 6 provides a brief summary of our major expansion in new product development programs. We started limited commercial production at our China elastomer facility and continue to produce test samples for line trials and validation for other potential customers. Construction of the India plant remains on schedule and the expectation is that we will begin metal seal production in early 2014, followed by rubber production in 2015. Both China and India will provide much-needed capacity for the region, and will allow increased production of high-value products in our Singapore facility to support forecasted growth in the Asia-Pacific market. Sales of our Proprietary Delivery Systems products are developing well and reached 26% of total PDS sales during the quarter, again driven primarily by increased sales on reconstitution systems and Eris safety devices. CZ revenues, comprised of comprised of vials, cartridges and the 1ml long syringe, were $4.8 million during the quarter, substantially higher than the modest start to 2012. We expect double-digit increases in sales of our proprietary systems during 2013, on top of the 16% increase produced in 2012. CZ revenues for the full year should fall in the range of $13 million to $15 million and we expect sample demand to cotinine to fluctuate as it depends entirely on customer requirements and timing for clinical trials and process development.  Development work on the proprietary SmartDose infusion system is progressing on schedule. During the quarter, West also completed the first in-human study using healthcare providers to place the device on subject and the results were extremely positive, with excellent feedback regarding minimal discomfort levels at the injection site. Turning to our outlook for the remainder of 2013, as outlined on slide number seven and in this mornings release, we believe sales growth for the year will fall between 6% and 0% at constant exchange rates, yielding revenues in the range of $1.35 billion to $1.39 billion at currently forecasted exchange rates. The primary driver for packaging systems will be our high value product lines, whereas in delivery systems, the ongoing shift to proprietary products and steadying demand for contract manufacturing will be key.  We are forecasting improvement in our full year consolidated gross margins, which when coupled with our expectations for SG&A and R&D spending, should produce full-year adjusted earnings in the range of $3.10 to $3.25 at currently assumed rates. We believe the company is well positioned to generate revenue growth, in line with our long term objectives and remain firmly committed to our strategy of focusing on expansion of our value added product lines and packaging systems while continuing to invest in technologies and products in the PDS segment to address currently unmet market needs. In keeping with our historic practice, we plan to provide preliminary revenue guidance for 2014 and our revised long term outlook on our Q3 call in November and earnings guidance in our yearend call in February of next year. I would now like to turn the call over to Bill Federici for a more detailed discussion of our financial results. Bill?
William Federici: Thank you, Don, and good morning everyone. We issued our second quarter results this morning, reporting net income of $30.2 million or $0.86 per diluted share versus the $0.45 per diluted share we reported in the second quarter of 2012. Second quarter 2012 earnings were $0.79 per diluted share after excluding the effects of special items, notably the Q2 2012 charge for refinancing our convertible debt. The effects of special items in this years second quarter were insignificant. The non-GAAP measures are detailed on slides 15 through 17. Turning to sales, Slide 8 shows the components of our consolidated sales increase. Consolidated second quarter sales were $344.5 million, an increase of 5.7% over second quarter 2012 sales, excluding exchange. Packaging systems sales increased by $15 million, or 6.3% over the same quarter 2012 sales, excluding exchange. Volume increases, especially in Europe accounted for 4.2 percentage points of the increase. Sales increases contributed the remaining 2.1 percentage points. Sales in our high-value products increased 3.3$ versus the prior year quarter, excluding exchange. Standard packaging components grew 7.4%, excluding exchange.  While high-value products grew a modest 3.3% in the current quarter, you may recall that our Q2 2012 high-value product sales had increased 28% over its prior year comparator. Since Q4 of 2011, high-value product sales have enjoyed double digit increases versus their prior year costs. While the Q2 comparison was particularly challenging, we expect that high value product sales will show double digit growth for the second half of 2013 and for the full year. Delivery Systems sales increased by approximately 4.3% over the prior year quarter, excluding exchange. Sales improvement for CZ and administration systems were partially offset by lower contract manufacturing sales. Sales of our proprietary products were $24 million or 26% of the segments revenues in the quarter, an increase of nearly 6 percentage points over the prior year quarter. CZ sales in development activity were approximately $4.8 million in Q2, about $3 million higher than the prior year quarter. CZ cartridge sampling sales accounted for the majority of the increase.  As provided on Slide 9, our consolidated gross profit margin for Q2 2013 was 32.2%, versus the 30.4% margin we achieved in the second quarter of 12. Packaging Systems second quarter gross margin of 36.9% is 1.8 margin points higher than the 35.1% achieved in the second quarter of 2012. General inflationary increases in labor and overhead costs continue to put pressure on margins. But the impact was more than overcome by higher selling prices, continued lean savings and efficiencies in our plants and smaller than expected increased in raw material costs. Delivery Systems second quarter gross margin increased 1.6 margin points, versus the prior year quarter to 19.5%. Production efficiencies, higher selling prices and a favorable mix of products sold were partially offset by increased labor and material costs. In June 2013 we received a $20 million exclusivity payment for SmartDose, covering a specific therapeutic area. The $20 million is included in cash at June 30th 2013 and will be recognized as income over the 13 year life of the contract. As a result, other income compares unfavorably to the $3.8 million of development related income recorded in the 2012 second quarter.  As reflected on Slide 10, Q2 2013 consolidated SG&A expense increased by $5.3 million compared to the prior year quarter due to increases in performance based compensation expense associated with our improved operating results, inflationary increases in salaries and related costs, increased outside service costs related to our supply chain initiatives and labor costs, increased sales commissions and higher depreciation on our IT assets. Slide 11 shows our key cash flow metrics. Operating cash flow was $98 million for the first half of 2013, $32 million more than the comparable prior year period, due primarily to our strong operating results and receipt of the $20 million SmartDose exclusivity payment. Capital additions of $84 million were made in the first half of 2013, including the $35 million of accrued new headquarters cost paid in 2013. Roughly half of the remainder of the capital was spent on new products and expansion efforts. We expect to spend between $125 million and $140 million in capital in 2013, excluding the accrued building costs.  Slide 12 provides some summary balance sheet information. Our balance sheet continues to be strong and were confident that our business will provide necessary future liquidity. Our cash balance at June 30th was $191 million, $29 million higher than our December 2012 balance. The vast majority of our cash is invested overseas and is generally not available to be repatriated to the U.S without incurring tax consequences. Debt at June 30th was $395 million, $16 million less than at the yearend, primarily due to the February maturity of our $25 million Euro note, partially offset by increasing borrowing on our revolving debt facility. Our net debt to total invested capital ratio at quarter end was 20.7%, about 5 percentage points lower than the prior yearend ratio. Working capital totaled $395 million at June 30th, $99 million higher than at the prior year end. Approximately one third of the increase is due to the refinancing of short term debt to long term, one third related to the growth in the business, and the remainder due to the increase in cash. Our consolidated backlog of committed orders continues to be strong at $356 million as of June, 14% better than the June 2012 number, but about $9 million lower than the prior year end balance, excluding exchange. We believe the lower backlog is due to a combination of seasonality and customers responding to anticipated shorter lead times in our plants. We continue to believe well see strong sales and operating results for the remainder of 2013 due to continued high value product sales and sales of proprietary delivery systems, both of which are expected to show full year double digit growth in 2013 versus 2012. Don has highlighted our revised full year 2013 guidance as summarized on slide 13. Id like to call your attention to Slide 14 which shows the significant factors that can be evidenced, have been evidenced in our Q2 results and which are expected to impact our margins through the rest of 2013. Id now like to turn the call back to over to Don Morel. Don?
Donald Morel: Thank you very much, Bill. This concludes our prepared remarks for this morning and we now look forward to answering your questions. Operator?
Operator: Operator instructions) We have our first question from the line of Arnold Ursaner from CJS Securities. Please go ahead.
Arnold Ursaner  CJS Securities: Im sure youre highly constrained in what you can say about the exclusive agreement that you have, but lets try to take a stab at a couple of things. You mentioned thats in a single specific therapeutic area. Which area is that?
Donald Morel: That is confidential.
Arnold Ursaner  CJS Securities: And obviously SmartDose has multiple potential applications. Maybe you could go through the thought process of why the customer would want the exclusive, why you would benefit from giving them an exclusive and how it potentially could impact other uses of this product? Lets start with that.
Donald Morel: Sure. For the customer of course one of the things thats key in the marketplace is differentiation and I think youve heard a range of folks talk about the potential for large volume infusion systems above and beyond the standard 1ml in certain spaces for certain therapeutic categories. We think the system has applicability for medicines that need to have a larger volume delivered, preferably outside of the healthcare setting, either the hospital or small clinics where you ensure dosing accuracy, you ensure patient comfort and most importantly, ease of use for patients that may be compromised in terms of their hand strength and other issues. So we think its got a broad range of applications for us. Clearly the customer putting some skin into a very complicated development project with the new technology is a good sign.
Arnold Ursaner  CJS Securities: One more question regarding that. To the extent they have this exclusivity agreement and youve been going through a testing phase, has this customer taken a certain number of testing units already? Or more broadly, when in your agreement do you expect to see commercialization or use of the product for commercial applications?
Donald Morel: The only color I can add is that we are working very, very closely with them. Clearly they have been testing devices as weve done along, but thats about where we stand right now.
Arnold Ursaner  CJS Securities: Final question for me and Ill give others plenty of chances, on the gross margin in pharma, it was particularly strong, better than we had modeled and I think better than you had expected and yet the sales of proprietary products grew slower than your more traditional products and yet you highlighted mix as being one of the factors driving higher gross margin. It seems a little inconsistent. Can you expand on that a little?
William Federici: Sure, Arnie. Actually we talk about mix being a smaller part of the equation today in the second quarter. What you see is its more about volume, especially in Europe that was driving the  plus we had very high efficiencies in terms of throughput in the plants and our lean programs. Our inflationary pressures were not as high as we had expected, especially with the raw materials. So when you take  we had many, many variables that worked through our gross profit. And mix happened to be very, very, not that important in this quarter. We think thats an anomaly. We talked about the sales volume of high value products in PPS, the packaging, pharma packaging systems being low, only 3.3% in the second quarter. And as Don had said, and as I had also reiterated, we expect the second half to be double digit growth, and for the full year to be double digit growth. So somewhat of an anomaly related more to the prior year second quarter being as strong as it was than it is anything as it relates to the current years second quarter.
Donald Morel: The only color Id add to that, Arnie, is we saw very strong sales of pre-filled syringe components out of our standard product line. So a positive there for sure.
William Federici: Mostly volume related, Arnie.
Operator: We have a next question from the line of Dave Windley from Jefferies. Please go ahead
Sean Dodge  Jefferies & Company: Its Sean Dodge on for Dave. Bill, weve seen inventory building. It would be helpful on the packaging side in the past, curious to know what extent if any that played a role in the second quarter or are we largely beyond that now?
William Federici: No. It did not have as much of a role in the second quarter as you saw. However, whether thats the end of it or not remains to be seen. We are again reiterating that we expect our high value products to continue to show double digit growth in the back half of the year and full year 2013. Each individual customer is different. Sean, I can tell you that they all have different stories. It really is a customer by customer basis. We did not see as much inventory building in the second quarter if you look at the backlog. Sequentially the backlog is actually down slightly versus Decembers backlog, but still healthy over last years second quarter. Is it over? Really remains to be seen.  Our backlog now if you think about it, as weve mentioned in other calls, represents right around 85% to 90% of the next quarters sales. But there are still obviously a piece of the next quarter and obviously the fourth quarter that are not known at this point in time. so were going into the period here in July and August where customers in Europe shut down for their maintenance purposes and we do as well. It will really depend on how that startup happens and when as Don said, we start to see the orders start to flow back in, in the fourth quarter. But for now it did not have a big impact in the second quarter, but we do expect high value product growth to be double digit for the rest of the year and for the full year.
Sean Dodge  Jefferies & Company: And then on that, how much if you could maybe split the high value product growth between maybe new injectable approvals and just maybe improving volumes into your existing base. So maybe higher same store sales call it?
Donald Morel: I think the bulk of it is higher same store sales. Clearly existing products in the marketplace comprise the bulk of the increase.
William Federici: We had a -- if you remember back in the first half of 2012, we had a biologic that we were a part of that was launched. And that caused part of that 28% increase in the second quarter of 2012. You had tough comps to compare to as well. 
Sean Dodge  Jefferies & Company: And then just lastly, Don, on the delivery side, you mentioned in the press release the manufacturing project delays. Could you elaborate on that a little bit please?
Donald Morel: Actually there are regulatory delays associated with two customers. Theyve been asked to provide some additional data on a product theyre seeking approval for. They are working on that. Its not related to us and we are just waiting for the go ahead.
Sean Dodge  Jefferies & Company: Any visibility on how quickly those could be resolved?
Donald Morel: Our hope is that theyll be resolved before the end of the year, but I wouldnt be surprised given the unpredictable nature of these things if it slipped into the first quarter of next year.
Operator: Operator instructions). Next question is from the line of Ross Taylor from CL King. Please go ahead
Ross Taylor  CL King and Associates: Just circling back to the exclusivity agreement again, do you think its likely that you may enter into exclusivity agreements with other partners in your different therapeutic areas or is there something unusual about this particular market?
Donald Morel: No. I think thats the nature of the beast with systems like this. If you look at what happened in auto injectors, what you typically see is exclusivity for an indication to a customer and for other customers entering the therapeutic category you see different systems coming in. my expectation is fully that well see more agreements of this type in a range of therapeutic areas.
Ross Taylor  CL King and Associates: If my memory is correct, I think on your last call you mentioned that you may or one of your partners may initiate a clinical trial with SmartDose later this year. Is that still the case? I just wondered if you could say whether its with this partner you just signed the exclusivity agreement with.
Donald Morel: Not going to comment on the partner, but our expectation is that it will be in a clinical trial within the next two to three quarters.
Ross Taylor  CL King and Associates: Final question just related to CZ. I dont know if theres any general comments you can make about whether any of the efforts or development timelines by some of your partners may have changed, if commercialization is still on track with your expectations.
Donald Morel: Everything weve seen is things are still on track relative to the general timelines weve talked about in the past. So no real changes there. Stability trial is ongoing. Line trial is ongoing. A lot of data being generated, but so far so good.
Operator: We have one more question from the line of Arnie Ursaner. Please go ahead.
Arnold Ursaner  CJS Securities: A couple of follow up questions. One, how should we think about the accounting treatment on this agreement, the exclusivity agreement that I think youre going to receive?
William Federici: Its pretty straightforward. Weve got it on our balance sheet right now the $20 million sitting in cash and ratably over the next 13 years. So roughly $1.5 million per year will find its way into the income statement. So in the second quarter of 2013 we had just under $200,000 of income relative to this. Its about $120,000 a month. So for the full year the eight months that will have recording income on it will be about $1 million.
Arnold Ursaner  CJS Securities: And going to the SG&A line for a second. You mentioned or highlighted increased outside service costs in connection with IT. Just remind us -- and supply chain efficiencies. Remind us how we should think about that on a go-forward basis.
William Federici: A lot of the IT  Ill answer the first one first, the IT question. Its really infrastructure changes. Were going through a lot of private Cloud environment architecture and its expensive stuff and the lives are generally shorter than you think of machine and equipment. So those assets that youre putting on the books and the P&L to increase deprecation over somewhere between three and five years, depending on what it is. So thats what well expect there. And well continue to see that, Arnie. That will continue for the rest of this year and for the next several years. The total number that youre talking about in terms of a base is somewhere between $10 million and $20 million. On the outside service costs for our supply chain initiatives, that is  were looking at our manufacturing footprint, our global manufacturing footprint and the demands on our manufacturing platform which are pretty great, especially in the Packaging Systems side. So were looking at trying to optimize that and were spending some money with some outside consultants to help us look through that.
Arnold Ursaner  CJS Securities: Going back to  you know youre going to get asked again more about this exclusivity thing. So as part of the deal, are you committing certain manufacturing -- A, remind us how you plan to manufacture SmartDose? And B, are you committing manufacturing or a certain amount of output to this exclusive customer for their $20 million?
Donald Morel: The manufacturing strategy currently utilizes our assets in Israel. The plan is to bring manufacturing into the United States when volumes reach a certain point. We have not dedicated specific capacity to this agreement. 
Operator: Thank you very much for your questions, ladies and gentlemen. I would now like to turn over to Don Morel for closing remarks. Please proceed.
Donald Morel: Thank you very much for your time this morning everyone. We look forward to speaking to you again on our third quarter conference call in early November. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-02 09:30:00) =====
Executives: John Woolford  Investor Relations-Westwicke Partners Donald E. Morel  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer William J. Federici  Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities Ross Taylor  CL King
Operator: Welcome to the West Pharmaceutical Services First Quarter 2013 conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. If you require operator assistance at any time, please press star then zero on your telephone keypad, and a coordinator will be pleased to assist you. (inaudible) this call is being recorded on behalf of West and is copyrighted material. It cannot be rerecorded or rebroadcast without the companys expressed permission. Your participation in this call implies your consent to our taping. If you have any objection, you may disconnect at this time. Now Id like to turn the call over  sorry, turn todays meeting over to Mr. John Woolford from Westwicke Partners. Sir, you may begin.
John Woolford: Thank you, operator. Good morning everyone and welcome to Wests first quarter 2013 results conference call. We issued our financial results this morning and the release has been posted in the Investors section on the companys website located at www.westpharma.com. If you have not received a copy of this announcement, please call Westwicke Partners at 443-213-0500 and a copy will be sent to you immediately. Posted on the companys website is a slide presentation that management will refer to in their remarks today. The presentation is in PDF format. Should you require a link to a free download of software that will enable users to view the presentation, it is also available on the website. I remind you that statements made by management on this call and in the presentation will contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of US Federal Securities law and that are based on managements beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts.  Many of the factors that will determine the companys future results are beyond the ability of the company to control or predict. These statements are subject to known or unknown risks or uncertainties and therefore actual results could differ materially from past results and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement. For a non-exclusive list of factors which could cause actual results to differ from expectations, please refer to todays press release, as well as any further disclosures the company makes on related subjects in the companys 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K reports. In addition, during todays call management may make reference to non-GAAP financial measures including adjusting operating profit and adjusted diluted EPS. Reconciliations and limitations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in materials accompanying this mornings earnings release. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Don Morel, Wests Chairman and CEO. Don?
Donald Morel:  Thank you very much, John, and good morning everyone. Welcome to this mornings conference call, where both Federici and I will be reviewing Wests Q1 2013 performance and our outlook for the remainder of the year. As in past calls, we will refer to a PowerPoint slide deck to support our commentary. The deck can be accessed via our website under Investors. However, if you cannot access the file, the information in the slides is covered in both this mornings release and our prepared remarks. Beginning with slide number three, West had a very good first quarter with consolidated revenues increasing 7.2% to just over $339 million, excluding currency effects as a result of ongoing strong demand in both operating segments. Sales in the packaging system segment grew by 6.6% and delivery systems grew by 9.1%, again excluding the effects of currency. Our consolidated gross margin for the quarter improved to 1 core percentage point to 32.9%, and adjusted operating profit improved by $1 million when compared with the prior year. Operating profit growth was offset by the combined effects of an increase in SG&A and R&D spending, an increase in variable stock-based incentive compensation, and Venezuelas currency devaluation. For the quarter, adjusted earnings per share were $0.87, an improvement of $0.04 versus the first quarter of 2012.  Additional segment details are provided on slide number four. Pharmaceutical packaging sales were again driven by volume growth, a positive mix bolstered by higher sales of our advanced packaging products such as Westar ready-to-use components, FluroTec, and Envision, and higher selling prices in key product lines. Delivery system sales grew as a result of strong demand for contract manufacturing services with existing healthcare customers, orders for CZ vials and cartridges, and proprietary devices for reconstitution and safety. Overall sales of proprietary systems accounted for 25% of total delivery system revenue, up from just over 21% in the first quarter of 2012. Our current backlog of firm committed orders at the end of the quarter grew again, reaching almost $375 million, an increase of approximately 16% compared to the end of the first quarter of 2012, and approximately 3% from the fourth quarter of 2012, excluding currency. This sequential pattern is more in line with historical norms, as customers typically place larger orders at the outset of the year and then work down inventory through the first two quarters. As was the case at the end of 2012, the composition of the backlog is currently weighted towards the high-value products. Given the expansion in our backlog for those products, and the resulting increase in lead times for certain product categories, our commercial and operations teams continue to work proactively with our customers to ensure their inventory and production needs are understood and factored into our manufacturing capacity planning. Based on our current order book and the heavier weighting of value-added products in the backlog, we currently expect growth rate in the second quarter to be in line with Q1.  Slide number five provides a high-level summary of our major expansion in new product development programs. As presented in our February call, the investments we made over the past two years in [washing] capacity and vision systems clearly are bearing fruit as we continue to see double-digit growth in the high value product category in the packaging systems segment. The market need for ultra-clean packaging systems will continue to be driven by tightening regulatory requirement, rising sales of approved protein-based drugs, and new biologic therapies currently in Phase III trial. We are selectively adding capacity in these product lines within our existing footprint, and beginning the process of converting our Kinston, North Carolina, facility to a pharmaceutical grade plant. We have completed initial validation and test sample production of our China elastomer facility and remain on plan to begin commercial production once we receive customer approval. The construction of our India plant is well under way and scheduled to initiate metal seal production in early 2014, followed by rubber production in 2015. Once online, both the China and India operations will provide much-needed capacity for the region, and will allow increased production of high-value components in our Singapore facility to support forecasted growth in the Asia-Pacific market. Proprietary sales in the delivery systems group reached almost 25% of sales during the quarter. CZ revenues comprised of vials, cartridges and the 1 ml long syringe hit $3.5 million, substantially higher than the modest start to 2012. The 1 ml long syringe is currently in use for the first time in its human clinical trial. We expect double-digit increases in sales of our proprietary systems during 2013, including CZ, following on its 16% increase during 2012. CZ revenues for the full year should fall in the range of $11 million to $14 million. As a reminder, the most important milestone is the number of formal stability trials begun this year to incorporate CZ as the primary container. While we expect CZ revenues to be somewhat modest over the next 18 months, the formal stability trial puts a critical stake in the ground in terms of timing for its commercialization.  Development work on our proprietary SmartDose infusion system is progressing on schedule. Following up on our production of demonstration and training units in the fourth quarter of 2012, we achieved our second key production goal by delivering several thousand units for the first clinical trial, which we expect to start later this year. Sales of the [Hira] safety system and Medimop reconstitution products were also strong during the quarter. And we began to scale up our next generation NovaGuard safety system in both a 1 ml long and 0.5 ml configuration. Turning to our outlook for the remainder of 2013, as outlined on slide number six and in this mornings release, we believe sales growth for the year will fall between 7% and 9%, yielding revenues in the range of $1.36 billion to $1.4 billion at constant exchange rates. The primary driver for packaging systems with be increased sales of our high value product line, whereas in delivery systems the ongoing shift to proprietary products and steady demand for contract manufacturing services will be key. We are forecasting improvement in our full year consolidated gross margins which, when coupled with our assumptions for SG&A and R&D spending, should produce full-year adjusted earnings in the range of $3.05 to $3.20 per share, assuming a dollar euro exchange rate of 1.30 for the remainder of the year. We remain firmly committed to our strategy of focusing on expansion of our value-added product lines and packaging systems, while continuing to invest in technologies and products to address currently unmet market needs for the safe, accurate and simple administration of injectable drugs. Our investments in both new product development and our manufacturing footprint over the last few years have put us in an excellent position to deliver organic growth consistent with the range outlined in our five-year plan objective. I would now like to turn the call over to Bill Federici for a more detailed discussion of our financial results. Bill?
William Federici:  Thank you, Don, and good morning everyone. We issued our first quarter results this morning, reporting net income of $31.7 million or $0.90 per diluted share versus the $0.81 per diluted share we reported in the first quarter of 12. Our first-quarter results are summarized on slide three in the accompanying PowerPoint presentation and in the release. As explained in the release, excluding the effects of one-time items in both periods, our first-quarter 2013 earnings were $0.87 per diluted share versus the $0.83 we earned in Q1 2012. Turning to sales, slide seven shows the components of our consolidated sales increase. Consolidated first quarter sales were $339.4 million, an increase of 7.2% over first quarter 2012 sales, excluding exchange.  Packaging systems sales increased 6.6% over the same quarter 2012 sales excluding exchange effects. Sales price increases in packaging systems contributed approximately 2.4 percentage points of the increase. The majority of our sales increases is attributed to the favorable mix of products sold that are high-value products growing 11.2% over the prior year first quarter. We continue to experience very strong demand in Europe, where sales increased 10.3% at constant exchange rates over Q1 2012, leading to longer lead times and growth in our sales backlog.  Delivery systems sales increased by 9.1% or $7.4 million over sales in the prior year quarter, excluding exchange. Crystal Zenith product sales were $3 million above Q1 2012 level. Much of the CZ sales increase was driven by cartridge samples provided for a customer sponsored clinical trial. Sales of proprietary products were $22 million or 25% of the segments revenue in the quarter, ahead of the prior year quarters 21%. As provided on slide eight, our consolidated gross profit margin for Q1 2013 was 32.9% versus the 31.9% margin we achieved in the first quarter of 12. Packaging systems first quarter gross margin of 37.7% was 1.6 margin points higher than the 36.1% achieved in the first quarter of 2012. Most of the improvement reflects the favorable sales mix resulting from conversions to high-value products. In addition, sales price increases and production efficiencies offset higher plant operating and raw material costs. Delivery systems first quarter gross margin declined by six tenths of a margin point to 19.1% compared to the prior year quarter. Although CZ sales were higher than the previous quarter, most of that increase was on lower margin cartridge samples. The 2012 first quarter benefited from the one-time $500,000 cost reimbursement from a customer. Excluding that payment Q1 2013 margins are equal to those of the prior year quarter. As reflected on slide nine, Q1 2013 consolidated SG&A expense increased by $7.8 million versus the prior year quarter. As a percentage of sales, first quarter 2013 SG&A was 17.4% versus 16.2% in the first quarter of 2012. Stock-based compensation and incentive costs were $2.3 million higher than a year ago, primarily as a result of increase in our stock price during the quarter, as well as higher achievement levels on performance-based share grants. Other compensation costs were $2.1 million higher, including annual salary increases and increased staffing in Europe and Asia, increases in IT cost and outside services, and higher sales commissions account for the remaining increase. Slide 10 shows our key cash flow metrics. Operating cash flow was $18.9 million for the quarter ended March 31, 2013, $5.1 million more than the prior year quarter, reflecting our operating growth. On a cash basis, Q1 2013 capital spending was $61.7 million, which includes $35 million in costs accrued for in 2012, but paid in 2013 related to the new headquarters and research facility. We expect to spend approximately $125 million to $150 million in capital in 2013. Approximately half of the planned capital spending is dedicated to new products and expansion initiatives, including the construction of the packaging systems facilities in China and India. Excluded from our capital spending guidance is $35 million for the new headquarters building. Slide 11 provides some summary balance sheet information. Our balance sheet continues to be strong and were confident that our business will provide necessary future liquidity. Our cash balance at March 31st was $175 million, $13 million higher than our December 2012 balance. A large majority of our cash is invested overseas and is generally not available to be repatriated to the US without incurring tax consequences. Debt at March 31st was $430 million, $18 million higher than at year end. A portion of the increase was due to the funding of our new headquarters and R&D facility. Our net debt to total invested capital ratio at quarter end was 25.5%, equal to the 2012 year-end ratio. Working capital totaled $382 million at March 31, $86 million higher than at year end. $31 million of the increase was due to the refinancing notes that matured during the quarter on a long-term basis using our revolving credit facility.  Our backlog of committed orders stands at $373 million at March 2013, 16% better than at March 2012, excluding exchange effects, but as expected, sequentially only about 3% higher than December 2012 backlog. Based on our strong Q1 2013 results, and our analysis of the orders on hand we revised upwards our full year 2013 guidance in this mornings release. That guidance is summarized on slide 12. We have based our guidance on an exchange rate of $1.30 per euro. By contrast, our previous guidance was translated at $1.33 per euro rate. For the remainder of the year each one penny strengthening of the dollar versus the euro results in just over a $0.01 reduction of full year forecasted EPS as a result of translation. Slide 13 shows the significant factors that are expected to impact our margins in 2013. I now like to turn the call back over to Don Morel. Don?
Donald Morel: Thank you very much, Bill. This concludes our prepared remarks for this morning, and we now look forward to answering any questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions) And your first question is from Arnold Ursaner at CJS Securities. Please go ahead Arnold.
Arnold Ursaner  CJS Securities: Hi, good morning.
Donald Morel: Hi, good morning Arnie.
Arnold Ursaner  CJS Securities: Don, I guess my first question relates to the margin year-over-year, last year in Q1 you highlighted you had an inventory build for a customer, you never quantified the revenue impact, but we are pretty aware that when you have an inventory build for a customer it can be a 25% incremental operating margin, so yet your high-value sales were up 11% year-over-year. If we were to exclude that one time inventory build for the customer, can you give us a better sense for what the actual growth would have been excluding that item?
Donald Morel: The actual growth Arnie would be still in that kind of  a couple of points less than that. So instead of the 6.6% we had in the packaging systems segment, it would be between one and two points less than that. But remember, the one point to remember Arnie is we have those kinds of situations happen every year in every quarter. We did have as you mentioned a launch of a customers new biologic [class] first quarter that stretched into the second. But we have had, not as large, but we have had some of those similar kinds of things happen again this quarter. So to just pull out the launch last year would be somewhat of a misnomer.
Arnold Ursaner  CJS Securities: Im sorry. Then I misunderstood you. Did you actually have a sizeable inventory build launch this year as well?
Donald Morel: No, no, no. None are [built], but we will have new products that are coming online as well.
William Federici: I think if you extract the impact of the build in Q1 of 2012, the revenue increase would actually look more favorable this quarter. 
Arnold Ursaner  CJS Securities: I guess what Im trying to say, let me try one more time, last year my perception was you had 8 million or 10 million of one-time revenue from an inventory build at very high margin. I am thinking that 2.35 you have last year on an adjusted basis in packaging was probably more like 2.30, may be even less than that, the 2.50 relative to that is a much higher rate of growth?
William Federici: It wasnt quite that high when that happened, yes.
Arnold Ursaner  CJS Securities: Okay. Let us see  just going back on the pharma delivery systems, you mentioned you had several thousand SmartDose units sold  that were sold for clinical trials, my perception is they go for about $40 or $50 per clip, and are at very high margin, is that the right way to think about that?
Donald Morel: The total sales are  when they are  the total sample is exactly that. It is in  and it is not quite $40 to $50, but it is $30 to $50 per unit.
Arnold Ursaner  CJS Securities: Okay.
William Federici: It is actually not in Q1.
Donald Morel: It is not in Q1 Arnie. So those numbers  the way you got to look at it is we have made the  actually sent the trial units over to the customer. So we will be recognizing that revenue over a period of time.
William Federici: But the recognition per unit that we ship will actually be in Q2.
Arnold Ursaner  CJS Securities: Got it. And my final question relates to Vetter building up their capacity, and you are building up your capacity to do the needed testing on various CZ? Can you update us on the status of that?
Donald Morel: Yes, basically we have got the line in [Robins board] up validated and Vetter is running that line dedicated to CZ. We have not had the second unit delivered yet, which will go into the Chicago facility. So if you would remember better, Chicago facility is really aimed at clinical trial volume to support activity here in the United States. So we have got roughly 5 million to 6 million units go into capacity off the line in Germany, and the line in Chicago should come on sometime in the late 2014, early 2015 timeframe.
Arnold Ursaner  CJS Securities: Okay. I guess one more real quick, your SG&A in 2012 in Q2 had the Analyst Day expense, you havent announced an Analyst Day for this year, I dont know if you are planning to, but should we get the benefit of not having that in the comp year-over-year?
Donald Morel: Yes, it will be small, but you actually will get the benefit. The Q1 SG&A was driven by a couple of odd things. I mean you had the rise in the stock price and the impact on our variable incentive comp. The Venezuela thing hit us to the tune of about [700] in the other category. And we did have some expenses in advance of our global sales meeting that hits in the first quarter as well. If you look at SG&A as a percent of sales, we expect that to decline through the rest of the year and by the end of the year, our overall SG&A growth will be less than our rate of sales growth.
Arnold Ursaner  CJS Securities: I will jump back. Thanks.
Donald Morel :  Thanks.
William Federici: Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. We have another question for you. This one is from Ross Taylor, CL King. Please go ahead.
Ross Taylor  CL King: Hi, wondering if you could give any color on the clinical trial the just got under way for CZ, I mean any color as to when that trial might be completed, just timing or any other parameters.
Donald Morel: That trial is under way and covered by customer confidentiality.
William Federici: Confidentiality Ross prevents us from saying anymore.
Ross Taylor  CL King: Okay. I understand. And the CZ revenue from the cartridges that I think Bill mentioned in his prepared remarks, are those related to the clinical trial, or is that something different?
William Federici: It is different. It gets integrated into this micro system. But we realized very little margin out of that because it is actually done by our (inaudible) partners.
Ross Taylor  CL King: Okay, okay. And I may have missed it with some of your earlier remarks, but did inventory stocking have much impact on revenues in the quarter or is that pretty much over do you think at this point?
Donald Morel: We think it continues to help. We just cant put our hands around the magnitude. You know, clearly we got a little bit of safety ordering going on in some of the high-value categories because of lead time. But it is difficult to quantify in total of that inventory building in any given quarter.
William Federici: I think, Ross, I mentioned the European business was up 10.3% excluding exchange. That had some of that inventory build due to a very long lead time situation over in Europe. So, you know, exact quantification, as you know, is very, very difficult for us, but there is some of that in there.
Ross Taylor  CL King: Okay, that helps, and my last question on slide 13 in the deck on your website, one of the bullet points you say that certain proprietary product sales expectation had higher risk, is that any change in your thinking or is that kind of status quo, you know, how you have been thinking the last few quarters?
Donald Morel: Yes, it is pretty much status quo. We are just trying to point out the fact that it is really difficult to predict the timing of some of these things. They are lumpy because once we deliver our end of the equation, it is fully up to the customer in terms of the timing of launch, the timing of trials et cetera.
Ross Taylor  CL King: Okay. All right. That is all my questions. Thank you.
Donald Morel: Thanks Ross.
William Federici: Thanks Ross.
Operator:  Thank you. There is no further questions just at this moment in time. (Operator instructions) Okay, no further questions have come for you. So, I would now like to turn back to Don Morel for closing remarks. Please go ahead sir.
Donald Morel: Thank you very much everyone. Were off to a good start, and we expect to keep quarter two in line with our quarter one based on our backlog, and look forward to updating you on our Q2 call in early August. Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you ladies and gentlemen. That concludes your conference, and you may now disconnect and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-21 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Donald Morel  Chairman, Chief Executive Officer William Federici  Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities Dave Windley  Jefferies Ross Taylor  CL King  
Operator:  Good morning and welcome to the West Pharmaceutical Services Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session. If at any time you require operator assistance, please press star followed by zero and we will be happy to assist you. This call is being recorded on behalf of West and is copyrighted material. It cannot be rerecorded or rebroadcasted without the companys express permission. Your participation in this call implies your consent to our taping. If you have any objection, you may disconnect at this time. And now Id like to turn todays meeting over to Mr. John Woolford from Westwicke Partners. Sir, you may begin.
John Woolford: Thank you, Operator. Good morning everyone and welcome to Wests fourth quarter and full year 2012 results conference call. We issued our financial results this morning and the release has been posted in the Investor section on the Companys website located at www.westpharma.com. If you have not received a copy of this announcement, please call Westwicke Partners at 443-213-0500 and a copy will be sent to you immediately.  Posted on the Companys website a slide presentation that management will refer to in their remarks today. The presentation is in PDF format. Should you require a link to a free download of that software that will enable users to view the presentation, it is also available on the website. I remind you that statements made by management on this call and in the presentation will contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. federal securities law and that are based on managements beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements that are preceded by, followed by, or that include words such as estimate, expect, intend, believe, plan, anticipate, and other words and terms of similar meaning are forward-looking statements. Wests estimated or anticipated future results, product performance or other non-historical facts are forward-looking and reflect our current perspective on existing trends and information. Many of the factors that will determine the Companys future results are beyond the ability of the Company to control or predict. These statements are subject to known or unknown risks or uncertainties and therefore actual results could differ materially from past results and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement. You should bear this in mind as you consider forward-looking statements. For a non-exclusive list of factors which could cause actual results to differ from expectations, please refer to todays press release. Investors are also advised to consult any further disclosures the company makes on related subjects in the companys 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K reports. Except as required by applicable securities laws, the company undertakes no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.  In addition, during todays call management may make reference to non-GAAP financial measures including adjusting operating profit and adjusted diluted EPS. These measures and their component parts have no standardized meaning prescribed by U.S. GAAP and therefore may not be comparable to and should not be viewed as a substitute for U.S. GAAP operating income and diluted EPS. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in materials accompanying this mornings earnings release. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Don Morel, Wests Chairman and CEO. Don?
Donald Morel: Thank you, John, and good morning everyone. Welcome to Wests 2012 year-end conference call. Joining me today are Bill Federici, Wests Chief Financial Officer, and Mike Anderson, our Treasurer and primary investor relations contact. This morning, Bill and I will be giving an overview of our fourth quarter and full-year 2012 performance and our outlook for 2013. Throughout our remarks, we will refer to a PowerPoint slide deck that can be accessed via our website under Investors. If you cannot access the file, the information in the slides is covered in both this mornings release and our commentary. Financial highlights for our fourth quarter are summarized on Slide No. 3. Continued strong demand in both operating segments resulted in sales of $321.5 million for the quarter, an increase of 10.6% over the prior year, excluding the impact of currency. Both packaging systems and delivery systems posted double-digit sales gains, again excluding the effects of currency. Sales in packaging were lifted by ongoing demand for our high value product lines while delivery systems benefited from growth in both our proprietary products and contract manufacturing operations. For the quarter, our consolidated gross margin improved to 30.3%, an increase of 1.4 percentage points. Adjusted operating profit improved 10.7% when compared with the prior year and adjusted earnings per share were $0.61.  Additional segment details are provided on Slide No. 4. Pharmaceutical packaging sales were again driven by volume growth, higher selling prices in key product lines, and the continued positive sales mix bolstered by higher sales of proprietary products such as Westar, FluroTec, Envision, and ready-to-use stoppers and seals. Delivery system sales grew as a result of strong demand for contract manufacturing services with existing healthcare customers, stronger CZ sales in the quarter, and proprietary devices for reconstitution and safety. The quarter was a fitting finish to a very strong year for West. Slide No. 5 provides a high level overview of our 2012 full-year results. Revenues for the year totaled $1.27 billion, an increase of 10.1% versus 2011. Our gross margin and operating margin improved by 2.1 and 1.3 percentage points respectively. As a result, full-year adjusted operating profit increased to $141.8 million or up 20.6% versus 2011. The euro strengthened a bit against the dollar during the quarter, which created a slight tailwind through the end of the year. Full-year earnings at actual exchange rates were $2.76 per adjusted fully diluted share, ahead of our expectations at the end of the third quarter. In prior years, we have typically seen a dip in our order backlog as customers work down inventories and begin to plan for the upcoming year. This is not the case as we move into 2013. Demand remains robust and order flows ahead of expectations. Our backlog of firm committed orders at the end of the year was slightly in excess of $350 million, an increase of approximately 13% from three months ago and has continued to strengthen in the early part of 2013. The composition of the backlog is currently weighted toward the high value products as well. Based on this trend, West should have a good first half to start the year, even when compared with 2012s very strong first half. Slide No. 6 provides a high level summary of our major expansion and new product development programs. Customers continue to convert their existing products to Westar and other West value-added offerings such as FluroTec, Envision and NovaPure. Given the expansion in our backlog for these products, we have been proactively working with our customers to ensure that their inventory and production needs are understood and factored into our manufacturing capacity planning.  Clearly the investments we made over the past two years in washing and vision systems are bearing fruit as we continue to see high double-digit growth in the packaging systems segments. With continuing product conversions by our customers and new products coming to the market, we expect the high value products to continue their growth for the foreseeable future. We have completed installation of the first phase of equipment in the China rubber facility and have started to supply customers with validation and test samples. We expect to begin first commercial shipments from the plant early in the second quarter. Construction on the India facility was slowed by a heavy monsoon season; however, expect to catch up and be on schedule by the third quarter. The India plant will start metal overseal production in early 2014 followed by rubber production in 2015. Proprietary sales in the delivery systems group reached almost 25% of total sales during the quarter. CZ revenues hit $4.5 million during the quarter and demand remains strong as we begin 2013. We expect double-digit increases in sales of our proprietary systems during 2013, including CZ, following on a 16% increase during 2012.  The most important milestone for CZ during the year is the number of molecules our customers place on formal stability. While revenues during the next year and a half are expected to be somewhat lumpy, the formal stability trials put a stake in the ground in terms of timing for commercialization.  Our proprietary work on SmartDose remains on schedule. We achieved a major milestone on the program, delivering 10,000 demonstration and training units in the fourth quarter. The next milestone is to deliver units for a clinical trial in the second quarter of this year. As in 2012, we continue to see significant customer interest in delivery systems capable of administering volumes in excess of 1.5 mL.  Turning to our outlook for 2013, as outlined on Slide No. 7 and in this mornings release, we believe sales growth for the year will range between 6 and 8%, giving revenues approaching $1.4 billion at constant exchange rates. The primary drivers for packaging systems remain mixed in increased sales of our high value products, whereas in delivery systems the ongoing shift to proprietary products and rising demand for contract manufacturing will be key. We are forecasting improvement in our gross margin which, when coupled with our assumptions for SG&A and R&D spending, should produce full-year adjusted earnings in the range of $2.97 to $3.17 per share. Bill will provide some additional detail on 2013 in his commentary. We remain firmly committed to our strategy of focusing on expansion of our value-added product lines and packaging systems while continuing to build on our proven ability to develop technologies and products to address currently unmet needs in the marketplace with safe, accurate and simple administration of injectable drugs. Our investments in both new product development and our manufacturing footprint over the last few years have put us in an excellent position to deliver organic growth consistent with the range outlined in our five-year plan objectives discussed in our third quarter call. I will now turn the call over to Bill Federici for a more detailed discussion of our financial results. Bill?
William Federici: Thank you, Don, and good morning everyone. We issued our fourth quarter results this morning, reporting net income of $21.1 million or $0.60 per diluted share versus the $0.54 per diluted share we reported in the fourth quarter of 2011. Excluding the effects of restructuring costs and acquisition-related earn-out adjustments, fourth quarter 2012 earnings were $0.61 per diluted share versus the $0.59 we earned in Q4 2011. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures is provided on Slides 15 through 18. Keep in mind as you review our results that foreign currency translation rates, most notably the decline in the euros value compared to the U.S. dollar, resulted in a $0.02 per share reduction in Q4 2012 earnings per share in comparison to the same period in 2011. For all of 2012, foreign currency translation is $0.16 per share unfavorable to the prior year.  Turning to sales, Slide 8 shows the components of our consolidated sales increase. Consolidated fourth quarter sales were $321.5 million, an increase of 10.6% over fourth quarter 2011 sales, excluding exchange. The increase was driven by a favorable mix in unit volume gains and sales price increases which in the aggregate added sales of $31 million in the current quarter at constant exchange rates. Packaging and system sales increased by $22 million or 10.5% over the same quarter 2011 sales, excluding exchange. A favorable sales mix and volume growth accounted for six percentage points of the increase. Higher selling prices in packaging systems contributed the remainder of the increase. High value product sales increased 17% versus the prior year quarter, excluding exchange.  Our Q4 2012 sales comparisons to the prior year period continued to benefit from customer inventory management actions. Excluding the positive effects of the customer inventory builds and our higher than normal sales price increases to recover historical material cost increases, we estimate our normalized 2012 sales growth was in the range of 5 to 7%. Delivery system sales increased by $9.5 million or 11.1% over sales in the prior year quarter, excluding exchange. The sales increase was driven by good performances in our contract manufacturing operations and our proprietary businesses. Sales of proprietary products were $23.5 million or 24.8% of the segments revenues in the quarter. CZ sales and development activity were approximately $4.5 million in Q4, about 2.7 million above the prior year quarter. On a full year basis, total proprietary product sales grew 16% in 2012 versus 2011. As provided on Slide 9, our consolidated gross profit margin for Q4 2012 was 30.3% versus the 28.9% margin we achieved in the fourth quarter of 11. Packaging systems fourth quarter margin of 34.6% is 2.2 margin points higher than the 32.4% achieved in the fourth quarter of 11. The impact of high raw material prices and general inflationary increases in costs was more than overcome by the favorable mix of products sold, the sales price actions that took effect over the past year, and continued lean savings and efficiencies in our plans. Delivery systems fourth quarter gross margin was 20%, roughly equivalent to the prior year quarter. The positive sales mix and operating efficiencies were offset by increases in labor and overhead costs. As reflected on Slide 10, Q4 2012 consolidated SG&A expense increased by $10.2 million compared to the prior year quarter. The increase comes from $1.6 million of stock-based compensation expense caused by the rise in our stock price and higher estimated achievement levels on longer term performance-based share programs. In addition, sales bonus and other annual incentive payment programs are $1.1 million above Q4 2011 levels due to the favorable sales and operating results versus plan targets. In addition, $2 million of the increase relates to costs associated with our new headquarter relocation. Slide 11 shows our key cash flow metrics. Operating cash flow was $187.4 million for the full year of 2012, 57 million more than 11 due to the strong operating results. Capital additions of roughly 151 million were made in 2012, including the capital associated with the new corporate office and research facility. Roughly half of the remaining capital spend was on new product and expansion efforts, including our new rubber plant in China. We expect capital additions of between 125 and $150 million in 2013, including approximately $20 million of costs associated with our new China facility but excluding the 35 million of accrued new headquarter building additions which were paid in 2013.  Slide 12 provides some summary balance sheet information. Our balance sheet continues to be strong and were confident that our business will provide necessary future liquidity. Our cash balance at December 2012 was $162 million, $70 million higher than our December 2011 balance. The majority of our cash is invested overseas and is generally not available for repatriation without tax consequences. Debt at December 31, 2012 was $411.5 million, $62 million higher than at the prior year end. Our net debt to total invested capital ratio at quarter end was 25.5%, a significant improvement from the 2011 year-end ratio. Working capital totaled $295.5 million at December 2012, $67 million higher than at the prior year end. The main reason for the increase is due to the higher cash balances mentioned previously, as well as higher accounts receivable balances. We have not experienced any material collectability issues related to our growing receivables.  Our backlog of committed orders remains strong at $354 million as of December 2012, significantly higher than December 2011 balances. Our expanding lead times and customer inventory management actions continue to impact our backlog and our results.  We have issued our full year 2013 guidance in this mornings release. That guidance is summarized on Slide 13. Our guidance is based on an exchange rate of $1.33 per euro. Our actual 2012 results are translated at $1.29 per euro rate. The favorable exchange rate environment creates favorable earning comparisons to the prior year. Each one penny change of the dollar versus the euro results in about a penny and a half change in full-year EPS as a result of translation.  We believe 2013 revenue growth will be in the 6 to 8% range at constant exchange rates. Our consolidated sales should be in the range of 1.36 to 1.4 billion at current exchange rates. Both operating segments should generate margin expansion. Our guidance for 2013 includes an estimate of 20 to $25 million of sales growth in CZ and other proprietary products. R&D funding for all development programs is expected to be $6 million more than 2012 levels. Using these assumptions, our full-year 2013 earnings per diluted share should fall in the range of $2.97 to $3.17 compared to $2.76 per share in 2012, an 8 to 15% improvement in EPS excluding restructuring costs and other one-time items. Slide 14 shows the significant factors that are expected to impact our margins in 2013. We expect sales price increases to return to more normal levels. We expect to see a continuing favorable mix shift towards our high value product components and proprietary delivery systems which carry higher revenues and gross margins per unit. Our backlog of committed orders remains high in part due to customer inventory management initiatives responding to our lengthening lead times in certain of our plants, and general customer risk mitigation efforts. We continue to have less visibility to second half orders. Raw material, labor and overheads are expected to continue to increase in line with inflationary pressures. Our plant lean initiatives are expected to partially offset our increasing costs. China and India start-up costs are expected to adversely impact earnings versus the prior year as we continue our expansion efforts in Asia. We expect the net effect of these items will produce expanded margins in 2013. Id now like to turn the call back over to Don Morel. Don?
Donald Morel : Thank you very much, Bill. This concludes our commentary for this morning, and we now look forward to answering any questions you might have. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Arnie Ursaner with CJS Securities. Please proceed.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: Hi, good morning. A couple questions related to the headquarter relocation. What expenses should we assume in 2013, and how should we think about the timing of those?
William Federici: The 2013 expenses, obviously we own the building now so we will be having depreciation as opposed to rent that we had in the past with our old building. We actually expect that the net expense  that is, the difference between our cost and the depreciation  will be less than our lease costs. There are some costs associated with moving into the building that will be hit in the first quarter, but those should be relatively minor to the lease cost versus the deprecation.  So overall net, we expect a net benefit from the headquarter addition. 
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities:  Okay, well again, if you had 2 million of what I would call one-time expenses related to the move, thats almost $0.03 a share that impacted Q4. Is that the right way to think of it?
William Federici: That is the right way to think of it. Again, there will be some of those costs, moving costs moving into the first quarter as we exit the existing building and we finish the actual move itself, which we did in January, some of the costs associated with that. But yes.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities:  Similar-type level, and all incurred in Q1?
William Federici: Not similar-type level, less than that  much less than that. Less than a million dollars and all would be incurred in quarter one.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities:  Okay. You led right into my next question  so you obviously are building a number of facilities that are coming online. How should we think about depreciation and amortization on 2013?
William Federici: Depreciation and amortization in 2013 will go up. If you think about the low to mid-70s that we had in depreciation in 2012, you can add rough numbers about $5 million to that, and that should cover the increased depreciation.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: Okay. And again, I just want to go back to the headquarters. I think you said you accrued all of the expenses, all of capital items in 12 but they were paid in 13.
William Federici: Correct.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: So Im just trying to make sure I getso your actual CAPEX--?
William Federici: Actual CAPEX cash was 131. If you add back the 20 million which was the increase in the accrual primarily related to the headquarters cost, you get to the 151 million that I disclosed to you.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: Okay. And just to clarify  in 13, do you have any of the headquarters embedded in that number you gave us?
William Federici: Add in the 125 to 150 number.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: Perfect. CZ total last year did about 9 million. I think you indicated it could jump to 20 to 25 million. Can you go through the factors
William Federici: Not in this year.
Donald Morel: Not in this year. Thats a total number for proprietary.
William Federici: The 20 to 25 million increase, Arnie, includes the Airis (ph) safety system, B.safe, and some of the other proprietary products in that space.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: What are you looking for on CZ?
William Federici: About a $2 million increase in the sales over the 9 million you quoted.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: Got it.
Donald Morel: Somewhere in the range of 12 to 14.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: Okay. Before I jump back in queue, if you could broadly speakI know you have a slide that talks about factors that could impact 2013, but maybe you could just expand a little on in your mind the factors that would impact the high or low end of the guidance range that youve provided.
Donald Morel: Yeah, I think the high end of the guidance range is going to be impacted by a couple customers bringing new facilities online in China. I think clearly part of the backlog build has been a result of their preordering into their European facilities in preparation for getting the China facilities operational. On the low side, I think what you may see in the latter part of the year  and again, weve got pretty good visibility in the first half, not as good into the second half  as we get into Q3 and late Q4, you may see some customers pull back on inventory builds that happened during 2012 to get their inventories back to more normalized levels after 09, 10 and 11. 
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: Ill jump back in queue. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Windley with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Dave Windley  Jefferies:  Thanks for taking the questions. So my question kind of takes off on Arnies last, and that is understanding to the extent possible the visibility on clients above-normal ordering. I guess if we go back through time, starting to see this trend, I think, a year ago or a little more. To state it briefly, its lasted already longer than was originally expected. How much additional workI think you mentioned in your prepared remarks that you were trying to have more conversations with clients to understand the visibility around that. If you could elaborate on that and just kind of help us to understand whats driving the clients to rebuild inventory for this long a period of time, and how much longer could it last, I suppose?
Donald Morel: Well, theres a couple parts to the answer, Dave. Number one, clearly some of the inventory builds were seeing relate to these new plants coming online in China. A couple of them are fairly substantial, so weve seen, we think, a pretty good part of the additional backlog growth be due to those customers getting prepared to launch production in those new plants, and that would be a combination of samples for validation and line runs, as well as commercial production. The second part of this is that we have several customers that are looking at tender business for clients in the Middle East and Africa and in the Far East. For those tenders, theyve put orders in ahead of the actual awarding of the contracts, but they have to build inventory to be ready to deliver against those.  Weve also had a modest part of the backlog be due to discontinuation of a raw material in part of our process in Germany where customers have had to order some extra samples to be able to run validation runs with the components processed with this new material in advance of getting approval to run full commercial production with it. So youve got really three parts to the equation there. How long will it continue? We always see customers change inventory strategies as they get to the latter part of the year. What we are trying to do where we have substantial backlogs built up and lead times that have extended beyond what we consider to be acceptable is simply sit down with the customers, understand their current inventory situation, what they consider to be their desired level of safety stock and ordinary inventory, and then match that against the additional demand and our capacity and availability to deliver. So its an exercise where were going to stay close to those customers that are experiencing lengthening lead times so that we can plan our production accordingly and meet expected deliver times.
Dave Windley  Jefferies: Okay. So thats helpful, thank you. Last year, a fair amounts been made about FDA approval pace in 2012 accelerating to levels we havent seen for quite a while. I have to admit, I havent paid close enough attention to know what the mix of oral administration versus injectable administration is in those product approvals, but is any of this demand being driven by an uptick in new product launches that your clients are doing that require supply?
Donald Morel: Not that we can say. When I think back to the approvals for last year, they were up a little bit from the prior year. The balance between injectables and orals hadnt changed a whole lot. There are a range of new injectables over the next two to three years that we expect to see come to the market that we know are in Phase III trials, but they wouldnt be building inventory for those right now.  The only other thing that might impact that, and I honestlyId have to go back and check it, would be expanded approvals for indications above current indications for certain drugs, which often happens.
Dave Windley  Jefferies: Okay. And coming back to your first answer, you mentioned some clients putting in tenders for volume ahead of contract award. Does that present backlog risk for you if those contracts dont go through to those clients?
Donald Morel: A backlog is firm, committed orders, so we do not include any sales in that backlog number unless we have a firm PO for it. So it doesnt represent risk in that sense; however, as a bolus order, its one that may not reappear in 2014 if you have a multi-year tender offered.
Dave Windley  Jefferies: Okay. And then finally on CZ, I wonder if you could give us a more specific update on that proprietary product in terms of clients formal stability, timing of win, when you might expect to see some substantial commercial orders that will cause the inflection in CZ that is so important for the delivery systems business.
Donald Morel: Yeah, nothing is changed from our call commentary at the end of the third quarter in terms of timing. Right now, were watching closely as best we can when customers will and in fact reveal to us when they have something up on formal stability. Many of them are being very tight-lipped about that, which is understandable. The variable, of course, is that there may be a molecule in the queue thats on formal stability that has a shelf life of nine or 12 months and doesnt require the full two years, versus typical drugs that require the two years. Unfortunately because of confidentiality, we cant talk in depth about those. But nothing has changed in terms of our expectations for what we know now. Assuming a two-year formal stability period, we think the ramp-up occurs toward the fourth quarter of 2015 or early 16.
Dave Windley  Jefferies: Okay, thank you very much.
Donald Morel: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Taylor with CL King. Please proceed.
Ross Taylor  CL King: Hi. I have a couple of short questions. First looking at your organic revenue guidance for next year of 6 to 8%, if you strip out some of this inventory building action, what do you think kind of the underlying organic growth rate for the company might be?
William Federici: Its still in line with
Donald Morel: Its still in line, yeah. Sorry Bill, go ahead.
William Federici: No, please, please.
Donald Morel: No, its still in line with that kind of mid to high single digit range that weve talked about.
Ross Taylor  CL King: Okay, okay. And on CZ, the $12 million-ish in revenues you expect for 2013, is that basically for the same types of activities that you got the $9 million in revenues for in 2012, and is kind of the profit or margin contribution roughly the same?
Donald Morel: Yeah, I mean as weve talked about before, its going to be lumpy and those samples fundamentally are for line trials, for stability trials, and in many circumstances even for pre-formal stability testing in the laboratories. 
Ross Taylor  CL King: Okay. And also on CZ, can you comment whether you expect sort of the first commercialized product is likely to be a new drug, or is it likely to replace existing packaging for a drug thats already on the market?
Donald Morel: No idea. Unfortunately we dont have very good visibility into whats up on formal stability currently. What we do know in talking with our customers is that the gamut of drugs being tested runs from products that are currently on the market all the way through new drugs that are in early testing that are incompatible with glass. So we will have to wait and see on that question.
Ross Taylor  CL King: Okay. And last question, just a modeling question, your interest expense is a little bit lower in the quarter than what I modeled. Is that 3.2 million kind of a good quarterly run rate to use for 2013?
William Federici: Yeah, between 3.5 and 4 is where you ought to be, Ross.
Ross Taylor  CL King: Okay, good. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of Arnie Ursaner with CJS Securities. Please proceed.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: Hi, a couple of quick questions. On India, you mentioned youre doing the more traditional stoppers and closures. Is there some reason youre not prepared or thinking about doing the more higher end products there?
Donald Morel: I think were going to watch how the market develops, Arnie. What were starting out with, of course, if the metal overseals which are less regulated than the rubber products. But with the capacity that weve got in Singapore for the value-add products, we will have the capability to supply out of there as we see how the market evolves in India. My guess is because were phasing in the construction of that plant as we begin to put in the rubber equipment, that we will quickly follow on with Westar washing and some of the other technologies to meet market demand there.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: Okay. A couple questions on pharmaceutical delivery. You mentioned CZ might be, I gather, around 11 million of the 20 to 25 million in revenue. How much of the remaining revenue would be SmartDose for early testing?
William Federici: Its a small number, Arnie. Its less than $3 million.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: So what are the big items in there?
William Federici: As we said, its Airis, the safety system, as well as B.safe which is another safety device that we have.
Donald Morel: And reconstitution systems on the Medimop side.
William Federici: The Medimop side, and the increase in those.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: Okay. And again staying on pharmaceutical delivery, you highlighted you had some tooling and development expense in the quarter. In the past, you used to basically not get paid or minimal payment, minimal margin on that. How much was it in the quarter, and can you speak perhaps broadly about where this is going for? Is it a specific customer program, or--?
Donald Morel: Yeah, normally when were reimbursed for tooling, it is a customer-specific program and its a tool unique to their design. I honestly dont know what that number is, but its a small one. Its probably on the order of $1 million or so.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: But this is for a specific customer?
Donald Morel: It would be, yeah.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: Okay. Going back to Slide 10, which is your SG&A costs, obviously in the IT and relocation we have 2 million. So going forward, it sounds like we may have some additional, call it a million of expense for relocation. What should we think about for IT in the upcoming year?
William Federici: IT, a significant amount was associated with the new building, getting the infrastructure in place IT-wise to accept the new building, which will obviously come down a little bit. But we were also spending money on, for instance, systems and upgrades in the HR area overseas which will continue, so that IT number is not a bad number to use on a go-forward basis.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: Okay. And the outside services of 1.4 million, is that a one-time or an ongoing?
William Federici: Its a little bit of both. There were some one-times in there, but there are somefor instance, in association with how were looking at our global supply chain, we have some consultants helping us work through that issue, and that was about half a million dollars in the quarter, and thats not a bad idea to think of that on a quarterly basis going forward. 
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: Okay. And then going back to an earlier question on the backlog growth and the expansion of time to deliver products, normally the way West has ended this process is by adding capacity. So I guess a couple questions related to that  how much incrementalof the capital spending youre taking, how much capacity addition might you be able to get to help clients minimize some of this issue? And is some of it impacted by competitor changes? Garmisch has beenyou know, pieces of their business, theyve acquiredI guess they were sold to Aptar. Can you comment on how competitor changes might be impacting capacity within the industry?
Donald Morel: Yeah, it was actually Stelmi that was sold to Aptar. As far as we can tell, there hasnt been a substantive change in terms of share, so we think the competitors are most likely growing a little bit less than we are in terms of dollar value. Its difficult to say in terms of units. For us, when we look at our capacity demands and we make our capital plans, as you know, Arnie, we typically try to plan two to three years in advance based on not only looking back at how demand has evolved but talking with our customers and making our best projection going forward. Its likely that when you look at our CAPEX going forward, outside of the maintenance CAPEX which runs probably about 60 to 65 a year, the bulk of the remaining is going into not only new products for delivery but for capacity in Envision, in NovaPure and in Westar. So it will go into the addition of washing and finishing lines, FluroTec molding capacity, and then the vision systems. But that is one of the hardest things we have to deal with, is trying to get that timing right.
William Federici: I think, Arnie, just one other comment. I absolutely agree with Don, but remember that were not talking about large volume growth in terms of expectation. A lot of this, where the growth is going to come from is in this mix shift, so you have a little bit of price this year, a good deal of mix shift towards the high value and proprietary products, and then a little bit of volume.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: Are you reaching a point where on the lowerI mean, within your pharmaceutical area, you have quite different margins in packaging between the high and low end. Are you reaching a point where youre telling certain customers at the low end that we just dont have the capacity to meet your need and getting different pricing if they want to continue to get it from you? I mean, you cant do everything for every customer.
Donald Morel: No, but historically the way our plants have been aligned, we cannot easily shift capacity from pharmaceutical to med device, so the med device and the lower margin customers are done in venues where we think weve got a favorable cost structure, and we focus only on those products in that venue. When we look at the higher value-added products that are going to pharma, those are concentrated in Singapore and Le Nouvion in France, and Eschweiler, Jersey Shore here in the United States.  The one plant where we are changing to accommodate capacity is in Kinston where the changeover from med device to pharmaceutical is taking place; and in fact, a large part of our CAPEX for the next year or two on this side will go into Kinston so that we have a second high value product pharma facility in the U.S.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And at this time, I am showing we have no further questions. I would now like to turn the call back over to Don Morel for any closing remarks.
Donald Morel: Thank you very much for your time today everyone, and we look forward to talking with you in late April when we present our first quarter results. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-01 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the West Pharmaceutical Services Third Quarter 2012 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] My name is Zulu, and I will be your operator today. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded on behalf of West and is copyrighted material. It cannot be re-recorded or rebroadcast without the Companys expressed permission. Your participation in this call implies your consent to our taping. If you have any objection, you may disconnect at this time.
 And now, Id like to turn todays meeting over to Mr. John Woolford from Westwicke Partners. Sir, you may begin. 
John Woolford: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Wests Third Quarter 2012 results conference call. We issued our financial results this morning and the release has been posted in the Investor Section on the Companys website located at www.westpharma.com. If you have not received a copy of this announcement, please call Westwicke Partners at 443-213-0500 and a copy will be sent to you immediately. Posted on the Companys website is a slide presentation that management will refer to in their remarks today. The presentation is in PDF format. Should you require it, a link to a free download of software to enable users to view the presentation is also available on the website.
 I remind you that statements made by management on this call and in the presentation will contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. federal securities law and that are based on managements beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements that are preceded by, followed by, or that include words such as estimate, expect, intend, believe, plan, anticipate, and other words and terms of similar meaning are forward-looking statements. Wests estimated or anticipated future results, product performance or other non-historical facts are forward-looking and reflect our current perspective on existing trends and information.
 Many of the factors that will determine the Companys future results are beyond the ability of the Company to control or predict. These statements are subject to known or unknown risks or uncertainties and therefore actual results could differ materially from past results and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement. You should bear this in mind as you consider forward-looking statements.
 For a non-exclusive list of factors which could cause actual results to differ from expectations, please refer to todays press release. Investors are also advised to consult any further disclosures the Company makes on related subjects in the Companys 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K reports. Except as required by applicable securities law, the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information future events or otherwise.
 In addition, during todays call management may make reference to non-GAAP financial measures including adjusted operating profit and adjusted diluted EPS. These measures and their component parts have no standardized meaning prescribed by U.S. GAAP and therefore may not be comparable to and should not be viewed as a substitute for U.S. GAAP operating income and diluted EPS. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in materials accompanying this mornings earnings release.
 At this time, Id like to turn the call over to Don Morel, Wests Chairman and CEO. Don? 
Donald Morel: Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Wests third quarter 2012 conference call. Joining me today are Bill Federici, Wests Chief Financial Officer; and Mike Anderson, our Treasurer and primary investor relations contact. Also as a reminder, to support our prepared remarks this morning, Bill and I will refer to a PowerPoint slide deck that can be accessed via our website under Investors. If you cannot access the file, the information in the slides is covered in both this mornings release and our commentary.
 Beginning with slide number 3, sales during the quarter, totaled $303.8 million, an increase of 3.5% or 9.2% excluding the impact of currency. As summarized on slide number 4, Pharmaceutical Packaging sales were again driven by higher sales of value-added products, whereas sales in the Delivery Systems group benefited from higher demand for a range of proprietary products and healthcare-related contract manufacturing services. Versus the third quarter of 2011, our consolidated gross margin improved 2.1 percentage points to 29.8%, a very strong performance given the broad plant shutdowns that occurred in the quarter for preventive maintenance and the European vacation period.
 Adjusted operating profit was $27.9 million and adjusted earnings per share were $0.52. Unfavorable currency exchange lowered operating profit by approximately $0.04 per share and earnings were also negatively impacted by an increase in variable incentive compensation cost and a slightly higher effective tax rate. Excluding currency, revenues in the Packaging Systems segment increased just over 10% versus the third quarter of 2011 with the bulk of the increase again being driven by sales of high value products, which were up 17%. Delivery Systems sales rose 6.7%, excluding currency, as a result of strong demand for contract manufacturing services and proprietary devices for reconstitution and safety.
 Bill will provide additional detail on our segment performance in just a few minutes. Demand remains robust and order flow is in line with expectations. Our backlog remains healthy at approximately $310 million, slightly ahead of the prior quarter and up significantly when compared with the start of the fourth quarter in 2011. The euro strengthened a bit against the dollar during the quarter, which creates a slight tailwind through the end of the year. Looking at our current production plan and order book, we expect a solid fourth quarter and are raising our full year guidance to $2.67 to $2.72 per adjusted fully diluted share.
 Im pleased to report that our facilities within the path of Hurricane Sandy experienced no substantial damage with only minor disruptions in production. At this point, we fully expect to make up lost shift hours by mid-December when we close for the holiday period.
 Slide number 5 provides a high level summary of our major expansion in new product development programs. Our investments in washing and vision systems are bearing fruits as we continue to see high double-digit growth in our high value product line in the Packaging Systems segment. We expect market demand for clean products to continue to drive future growth in product categories such as Westar, FluroTec, Envision and NovaPure. 
 The new planned projects in China and India are on schedule and will provide much needed capacity in 2013 and 2015 respectively to support forecasted growth in this region through 2017.
 Region orders booked for the CZ 1mL syringe system has sold out our current capacity in Scottsdale for the remainder of the year. We believe this is a strong indication that customers are beginning to plan for engineering line trials and formal stability fills required for regulatory filings. Development work continues on the SmartDose system with demonstration units scheduled for delivery by the close of 2012 and the first clinical units by mid-second quarter 2013.
 On the Safety and Administration Systems front, we continue to see increasing demand for the Eris safety device and we have formally launched the B-Safe system during the quarter. We also announced our development agreement with Amgen Biotech to collaborate on the design optimization as an innovative self-injection device that West will market under the trade name SelfDose. This technology complements the current West portfolio of self-administration systems and West will also be responsible for commercial manufacturing if and when the device is approved.
 Turning to our long range outlook. As announced in this mornings release, we completed our annual review and update of our five-year operating plan. Slide number 6 provides some highlights from the conclusions of our review. At this point, we see no change to the primary growth drivers for our business segments through the planned period, which ends in 2017. For the first year of the plan, we believe we will generate sales growth in the 5% to 7% range at constant exchange rates. Growth in Packaging Systems will be -- continue to be driven by changing demographics, geographic expansions and increasing demand for biologics used in oncology, diabetes, autoimmune disease and vaccination, which in turn drives uptake of our high value product portfolio.
 In the Delivery Systems segment, we expect solid growth from our healthcare contract manufacturing services group in addition to expanded sales of our proprietary product lines including Medimop, Safety Systems, CZ and SmartDose. In the out years of the plan the shift to a higher percentage of proprietary products begins to ramp up and drive revenue growth and margin expansion. Focusing on these growth drivers should allow us to generate revenues between $1.8 billion and $2 billion by 2017 with substantially improved consolidated operating margin in the high teens consistent with the plan update we provided a year ago.
 In short, we believe our strategy is sound and builds on our proven ability to develop technologies and products to address key needs for the safe, accurate and simple administration of injectable drugs. Our investments in both new product development and our manufacturing footprint over the last few years have put us in an excellent position to deliver organic growth in the range previously discussed.
 Ill now turn the call over to Bill Federici for a more detailed discussion of our financial results. Bill? 
William Federici: Thank you, Don, and good morning, everyone. We issued our third quarter results this morning reporting net income of $14.8 million or $0.43 per diluted share, versus the $0.49 per diluted share we reported in the third quarter of 2011. Excluding the effects of restructuring costs, discrete tax items and acquisition-related earn out adjustments, third quarter 2012 earnings were $0.52 per diluted share versus the $0.53 we earned in Q3 2011. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures is provided on slides 14 through 17. 
 Keep in mind as you review our results that foreign currency translation rates, most notably the decline in the euros value compared to the U.S. dollar, resulted in a $0.04 per share reduction in Q3 2012 earnings per share in comparison to the same period in 2011. On a year-to-date basis, through September 2012, foreign currency translation is $0.13 per share unfavorable to the prior year period.
 Turning to sales. Slide 7 shows the components of our consolidated sales increase. Consolidated third quarter sales were $303.8 million, an increase of 9.2% over third quarter 2011 sales excluding exchange. The increase was driven by favorable mix, modest unit volume gains, and sales price increases which in the aggregate added sales of $27 million in the current quarter at constant exchange rates.
 Packaging Systems sales increased by $21.6 million or 10.4% over the same quarter 2011 sales excluding exchange. A favorable sales mix and modest volume growth accounted for 7.1 percentage points of the increase. Higher selling prices in Packaging Systems contributed the remainder of the increase. High value product sales increased 17% versus the prior year quarter excluding exchange.
 Our Q3 2012 sales comparisons to the prior year period continue to benefit from customer inventory management actions and supportive customer product launch activities, the impact of which is declining versus the first half of 2012. Excluding the positive effects of customer inventory builds and product launch activity and our higher than normal sales price increases to recover historical material cost increases, we estimate our normalized 2012 sales growth to be in the range of 5% to 7%.
 Delivery Systems sales increased by $5.7 million or 6.7% over sales in the prior year quarter excluding exchange. The sales increase was equally divided between a good performance in our contract manufacturing operations and our proprietary businesses. Sales of proprietary products were $19 million or 21% of the segments revenue in the quarter, two percentage points above the prior year quarter.
 CZ sales and development activity were approximately $2.2 million in Q3, about $300,000 above the prior year quarter level. Total proprietary product sales are expected to grow at a double-digit rate for 2012. As provided on Slide 8, our consolidated gross profit margin for Q3 2012 was 29.8% versus the 27.7% margin we achieved in the third quarter of 2011.
 Packaging Systems third quarter gross margin of 33.3% is 1.7 margins points higher than the 31.6% achieved in the third quarter of '11. High raw material prices and general inflationary increases in cost continue to put pressure on margins, but the impact was than overcome by the favorable mix of products sold as sales price actions that took effect over the past several quarters and continued lean savings and efficiencies in our plants.
 Delivery Systems third quarter gross margin was 21%, a 2.8 margin point improvement over the prior year quarter. Although overall price increases and sales mix were mildly positive, the biggest factor in the margin improvement is due to production efficiencies from automated assembly, reduced labor costs, and restructuring savings and recovery of costs under tooling arrangements.
 As reflected on Slide 9, Q3 2012 consolidated SG&A expense increased by $8 million compared to the prior year quarter. The largest share of the increase comes from $4.6 million of stock-based compensation expense, equally caused by the rise in our stock price and higher estimated achievement levels on longer term performance share -- base share plans. In addition, sales bonus and other annual incentive payment programs are $2.3 million above Q3 2011 levels due to our favorable sales and operating results versus planned targets. 
 Slide 10 shows our key cash flow metrics. Operating cash flow was $117.6 million for the first nine months of 2012, $28.7 million more than the comparable period in the prior year, due primarily to our strong operating results. Capital additions of roughly $100 million were made in the first 9 months of 2012 including $28.4 million for the new corporate office facility. Roughly half of the remaining capital spend was on new product expansion efforts including significant progress on our rubber plant in China. We expect capital additions of between $145 million and $155 million in 2012 including approximately $40 million of cost associated with our planned new corporate office and research facility.
 Slide 11 provides some summary balance sheet information. Our balance sheet continues to be strong and we are confident that our businesses will provide necessary future liquidity. Our cash balance at September was $143 million, $51 million higher than our December 2011 balance. Additionally, not included in that cash balance is $21.9 million of short-term investments with maturities of less than 1 year. The significant majority of our cash is invested overseas and generally not available. 
 Debt at September 30 was $401 million, $52 million higher than at year end due primarily to increased borrowing on our revolving debt facility. Our net debt to total invested capital ratio at quarter end was 26.5%, a 1.7 point improvement from the 2011 year end ratio. 
 Working capital totaled $281.7 million at September 30, $52.9 million higher than the prior year end. The main reason for the increase is due to the higher cash balances mentioned previously, as well as higher accounts receivable balances. We have seen an increase in our days sales outstanding ratio, partially due to increased proportion of receivables from international locations where payment cycles are typically longer than in the US. Despite the increase in DSO, we have not experienced any material collectibility issues.
 Our backlog of committed orders remains strong at $310 million as of September 2012, significantly higher than September 2011 balances and modestly ahead of prior year end levels. Our expanding lead times and customer inventory management actions continue to impact our backlog and our results. Amounts included in our current backlog for the following year are approximately $20 million higher than the backlog at the same point in 2011. 
 We updated our full year 2012 guidance in this mornings release. That guidance is summarized on Slide 12. We have based our revised guidance on an exchange rate of $1.29 per euro. Our previous guidance was based on $1.22 per euro rate. The favorable exchange rate environment provides about $0.05 per share upside to our prior forecast. However, that favorable development is largely offset by the increase in our full year effective tax rate reflecting our current estimate of an unfavorable mix of earnings towards jurisdictions with relatively higher tax rates, including the U.S. and Europe. Consistent with prior guidance, we expect 2012 revenue growth to be 9% to 11% above prior year levels excluding exchange with substantial margin improvement in both operating segments. 
 Using these assumptions, our full year 2012 earnings per diluted share should fall in the range of $2.67 to $2.72, compared to $2.33 per share earned in 2011, a 15% to 17% improvement in EPS excluding restructuring costs and other one-time items. 
 Id now like to turn the call back over to Don Morel. Don? 
Donald Morel: Thank you very much, Bill. This concludes our prepared remarks for this morning and we now look forward to answering your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Arnie Ursaner of CJS Securities. 
Arnold Ursaner: I guess I have sort of a broad question. In your prepared remarks, you mentioned the moderation of the growth in pharmaceutical and other sales. I assume thats related to the new bookings you had earlier in the year for a customer fell out of inventory, because its inconsistent with the very positive trends you have in booking. Is that the right way to think of this? 
William Federici: That is the right way. 
Donald Morel: Yes, that is the right way. 
William Federici: It was positive to the quarter, but not nearly as positive as it was for the first 2 quarters, and that was both inventory builds by the customer and launch activities by customers. 
Arnold Ursaner: Okay. And the other, sort of inconsistency I think in your remarks is you mentioned Eris doing very well, but yet you had a write-down of the value. And then in CZ, you mentioned Scottsdale sold out capacity and yet in your longer=term view -- the multi-year view, you mentioned a slower than previously expected commercialization of CZ. Maybe you could help us understand how they kind of hang together? 
Donald Morel: Yes. If you take a look at the commentary relative to the near term, we havent filled those orders yet. Obviously, we are producing and they're in the queue, but I dont think we've changed our long-term outlook at all. We expect that ramp up to occur in that '14, '15 kind of timeframe as the first approvals start to roll through. But there is no change in the long-term outlook. 
William Federici: Yes. And on FX, Arnie, I mean, we were negative both in the quarter and year-to-date, $0.04 in the quarter and $0.13 year-to-date. But when you look at the last guidance we gave, was at $1.22. The euro's hanging in at about $1.29 now. That differential in terms of looking at guidance causes an increase in EPS of about $0.05 for the fourth quarter versus the prior guidance. 
Arnold Ursaner: Okay. And as following your normal pattern, you gave preliminary sales guidance for next year, but to the extent you are going to have a lot more of your higher margin products, working through some proprietary ones, would your assumptions be that we should expect a fairly meaningful margin improvement next year? 
Donald Morel: We should see an improvement overall. We're still rolling up the final figures. Well know a little bit more when we get to our call in February. But in general, we should see that. 
Arnold Ursaner: Okay. And then just on the $310 million of backlog and the $20 million increase you had, how far out are orders stretching and are you continuing to see customers perhaps preorder in anticipation of an inability to get what they need? 
Donald Morel: We think the lead time issue is stretching things a bit. Right now, we do have orders for the first quarter rolling in. But its very light beyond that. 
William Federici: Yes. As you said, its about $20 million more that we see now for 2013 than we had seen last year for 2012. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Ross Taylor of CL King. 
Ross Taylor: My first question, I just wonder if you could clarify your comments about Resin CZ again, because in response to the last question, it sounds like your expectations really havent changed at all. But the press release does just kind of mention "somewhat slower than previously expected commercialization." I was just trying to square up those 2 comments. 
Donald Morel: Well, I think that refers back to the commentary we had at the end of last year, where we talked about this extension in terms of our customers getting approval. What we see right now is no change to what we had guided to then. We think that its a very positive sign that weve got the strong orders on the books with the syringes that we have thats filled up that capacity. But in the long term, really nothing has changed relative to our commentary at the end of 2011. 
Ross Taylor: Okay. And another question is, your business has very good momentum right now and I'm just trying to figure out with some of the higher value products, whether thats just due to increased end-customer demand that your own customers are seeing or whether its just driven by more of your customers adopting some of the high value products that you sell? 
William Federici: When we look at it, Ross, and we tried to capture that for you but, certainly, clearly there is an impact from inventory building and the launch was also - the launch -- the product that it uses -- our products that it uses are our high value products. So, yes, absolutely, there's some of that in there. But there still is, above and beyond -- we still had 17% growth in high value products in the quarter on the Packaging Systems side. A portion of that is due to the inventory build and launch activities. Its not an exact science. We don't -- we cant pick out exactly how much it is, but when we step back from it and try to analyze it, looking at that, plus the price increases above what we normally see, which were due to the material prices last year, the spike that we saw, we think its something like 5% to 7% increase in total. So as you can imagine, on the high value product side, its probably closer to high-singles to low-doubles. 
Ross Taylor: Okay. And last 2 questions relate to 2013. I just wondered, first if you expect this higher tax rate to really continue next year, and I just wondered if there are any easily identifiable factors that maybe could make your range, or make your growth vary from the low-end of that 4% to 7% range that you provided for next year versus the high end? 
Donald Morel: Yes, I think the answer to the first question is well have to see where the sales falls. Certainly, if the momentum weve seen in North America and Europe continues, it will have a negative impact on our tax rate. It will be higher. Could you repeat the second question please? 
Ross Taylor: Second question is, for 2013, you provided organic revenue guidance of 4% to 7% and I just wondered what factors maybe could make you come in at the low end versus the high end of that? 
Donald Morel: I think the primary factors would be either a delay in some of the launches that we are looking at or more likely a slowdown in terms of the inventory rebuild that weve seen through this year. Its most likely that the inventory rebuild would have more of an effect than the product launch. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Okay, sir, we have no further questions in the queue. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Don Morel for closing remarks. 
Donald Morel: Thank you very much for your time this morning. We look forward to our year-end call in February of 2013 when we will provide full year guidance in terms of revenues and earnings. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day. Thank you.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-02 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the West Pharmaceutical Services second quarter 2012 conference call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded on behalf of West and is copyrighted material; it cannot be rerecorded or rebroadcast without the company's express permission. Your participation in this call implies your consent to our taping. If you have any objection, you may disconnect at this time. And now, I'd like to turn today's meeting over to Mr. John Woolford from Westwicke Partners. 
John Woolford: Thank you, Operator. Good morning everyone, and welcome to West's second quarter 2012 results conference call. We issued our financial results this morning and the release has been posted in the Investors section on the company's website located at www.westpharma.com. If you have not received a copy of this announcement, please call Westwicke Partners at (443) 213-0500 and a copy will be sent to you immediately.
 Posted on the company's website is a slide presentation that management will refers to in their remarks today. The presentation is in PDF format. Should you require it, a link to a free download of software that will enable users to view the presentation is also available on the website.
 I remind you that statements made by management on this call and in the presentation will contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Federal Securities Law and that are based on management's beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecast. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements that are preceded by, followed by, or that include words such as estimate, expect, intend, believe, plan, anticipate and other words in terms of similar meaning are forward-looking statements. West's estimated or anticipated future results, product performance or other non-historical facts are forward-looking and reflect our current perspective on existing trends and information.
 Many of the factors that will determine the company's future results are beyond the ability of the company to control or predict. These statements are subject to known or unknown risks or uncertainties, and therefore, actual results could differ materially from past results and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement. You should bear this in mind as you consider forward-looking statements. For a non-exclusive list of factors, which could cause actual results to differ from expectations, please refer to today's press release.
 Investors are also advised to consult any further disclosures the company makes on related subjects in the company's 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports. Except as required by applicable securities law, the company undertakes no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 In addition, during today's call management may make reference to non-GAAP financial measures including adjusted operating profits and adjusted diluted EPS. These measures and their component parts have no standardized meaning prescribed by U.S. GAAP and therefore, may not be comparable to, and should not be viewed as a substitute for, U.S. GAAP operating income and diluted EPS. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in materials accompanying this morning's earnings release.
 At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Don Morel, West's Chairman and CEO. Don? 
Donald Morel: Thanks you very much, John, and good morning everyone. Welcome to West's second quarter 2012 conference call. I'm joined this morning by Bill Federici, our Chief Financial Officer; and Mike Anderson, our Treasurer and primary Investor Relations contact.
 As a reminder, we will refer to the slides that John mentioned in our prepared remarks this morning. The slides can be found through our website www.westpharma.com, under Investors. However, if you have difficulty accessing the files, the content of those files is covered both in this morning's release and in our commentary.
 As we presented in our April call, 2012 started strongly and indeed that momentum has carried through the second quarter. For the last 3 months, as highlighted on Slide 3 and in the release, West generated record consolidated sales of $324.8 million, representing a 5.5% growth at actual rates or 11.3% excluding the effects of currency exchange versus the second quarter of 2011.
 Our sales growth resulted from a favorable product mix and when combined with pricing actions from earlier in the year improved by operating efficiencies and lean initiatives, our gross margin improved by 2.9 percentage points to 30.4%. Although SG&A rose moderately, second quarter adjusted operating income was $39.5 million, yielding very strong quarterly adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.79.
 Order patterns remain favorable with approximately 85% of expected third quarter production booked and our confirmed backlog remains at a very healthy $305 million, approximately 10% higher than the same period in 2011.
 As a result of our strong first half and our visibility into demand for the next 6 months, we are increasing our full year adjusted EPS guidance to $2.60 to $2.70 per share. Even with a headwind of the strengthening dollar and an assumed euro conversion rate of $1.22 for the remainder of the year.
 Bill will cover our results and guidance forecast in greater detail. So I'll offer just a few observations on the business units as summarized on Slide 4. Pharmaceutical Packaging sales grew 13.1% excluding currency, again driven by continued strong demand for value-added products, including Envision, FluroTec and Westar.
 Selectively high value products grew 28% at constant exchange rates, resulting in a very positive product mix despite the currency drag in Europe created by the strengthening dollar. We also experienced solid standard product growth as customers continue to rebuild inventories and certain generic customers ramp up production to meet market shortages of selective drugs. Overall, sales were up in all geographic regions, led by an almost 20% gain in Asia and more than 10% in Europe, excluding exchange effects.
 As a result of the positive product mix and plant operating efficiencies, the segment operating margin improved to 22%, significantly above our stated 5-year business plan objective for the Packing business. We also benefited from relatively stable raw material cost and improved plant utilization when compared with 2011.
 While there's doubt there will be fluctuations in the margin in future quarters, we still believe this part of the business can deliver a 20% or higher operating margin on a consistent annual basis. Certainly, the primary drivers of our business over the next few years remain intact, led by an aging population with an increasing incidence of chronic disease treated with injectable drugs of biologic origin.
 Sales in the Delivery System segment grew 6.1%, due to strong demand for contract manufacturing services, reconstitution systems and continued improvement sales of safety systems. CZ sales were flat compared with the prior year, primarily due to a customer delay in launching new product in the U.S.
 On a positive note, we did book 2 significant orders for CZ systems in the quarter for future stability trials. And also announced our collaboration with Amgen to develop and evaluate CZ systems. For our June 20 release, the terms and details of that collaboration and bound by confidentiality, and thus not subject to further comment. Operating profit for this segment improved versus the prior year helped by customer funded development projects.
 Overall, we continue to make good progress towards our strategic objective of shifting the mix in this segment from approximately 80-20 contract proprietary to 50-50 within the next 5 years. As the mix improves, we will also see a substantial improvement in operating margin.
 Slide 5 provides highlights of our ongoing expansion and product development programs. I'll be brief here as this was covered in some detail during our May 23 Investor Day.
 The China elastomer facility remains on schedule and as a reminder should begin shipping product for validation trials late in the first quarter next year. All of the required approvals and permits have been obtained for construction of the India facility and we expect groundbreaking to take place this month.
 The global launch of NovaPure continues to go well with customers focused on meeting the market's rising quality standards for all aspects of their drug products. The NovaPure product line builds on the quality attributes of the Westar line, which was launched more than 10 years ago, and has secured a significant part of the small volume parenteral market.
 Certainly, the infrastructure investments we have made over the last few years are bearing fruit, as much of the growth in high value product demand such as Envision is being produced in this recently installed capacity. CZ sales for the quarter were flat compared with prior year and remain unpredictable in the near term, but we remain confident that full year sales will fall in the range of $8 million to $10 million for these products.
 While the 1-ml insert-needle syringe is getting the most attention, a number of recent buyer recalls for delamination have started to generate market interest in alternatives to glass vials as well. As customers continue to focus on particular issues, we expect sampling activity for CZ vials to pick up in the second half of the year.
 Our development group continues to feel numerous inquiries requiring our self injection platforms ConfiDose and SmartDose. As was mentioned in our Q1 call, the primary development efforts for the SmartDose system remain focused on engineering validation of the CZ cartridge and optimizing the supply chain for the device itself so that customers can begin planning for formal stability, patient use and clinical studies using the ultimate commercial iteration of the device. Hardac's [ph] major program goal remains to have validated units ready for clinical trials in mid 2013.
 On the safety front, sales of the ris system have strengthened and we are forecasting full year volumes to be substantially ahead of 2011 level. We've also secured our first customer for the new B-Safe system with the first production units delivered in July.
 In sum, the first 6 months of 2012 have been very strong. With a great deal of progress achieved relative to our long-term goals. And we expect a very strong year in terms of both sales and earnings per share on a fully diluted basis.
 I'd now like to turn the call over to Bill Federici for more detailed look at our Q2 results. 
William Federici: Thank you, Don, and good morning, everyone. We issued our second quarter results this morning, reporting net income of $15.6 million or $0.45 per diluted share versus the $0.57 per diluted share we reported in the second quarter of 2011.
 Excluding the effects of special items like the quarter's -- current quarter's debt extinguishment loss and impairment charge, and the smaller restructuring in acquisition earn out adjustment, second quarter 2012 earnings were $0.79 per diluted share versus $0.62 we earned in Q2 2011, a net increase of 27%. Those non-GAAP measures are detailed on Slides 13 to 15.
 The net effect of our debt refinancing activity is expected to be accretive to earnings per diluted share in future periods by eliminating the dilutive effect of the underlying 2.9 million shares associated with the tendered convertible debt. Our current guidance indicates 2012 accretion of approximately $0.04 to $0.05 per share based on unexpected results.
 Turning to sales, Slide 6 shows the components of our consolidated sales increase. Consolidated second quarter sales were at record $324.8 million, an increase of 11.3% over second quarter 2011, excluding exchange effects. The favorable mix and pricing added sales of $35 million in the current quarter.
 Packaging System sales increased by $29 million or 13.1% over same quarter 2011 sales excluding exchange effects. Our favorable sales mix and modest volume increases accounted for 8.6 percentage point to the increase. Sales price increases in Packaging Systems contributed the remainder of the increase.
 Sales growth in our high value products increased 28% versus the prior-year quarter excluding exchange. Our Q2 2012 sales comparisons to the prior-year period continued to benefit from our customers product launch, customer inventory management actions and activities, in advance of customer product and plant relocations. In addition, the sales price increase in the first half of 2012, reflects higher material cost incurred in 2011, but not passed on the customers until the latter part of 2011.
 Excluding the positive effects of the customer inventory builds and product launch activity, we estimate our normalized 2012 sales growth to be in the range of 5% to 7%. Delivery System sales increased by approximately 6% over sales in the prior-year quarter excluding exchange.
 Sales improvements for engineering services and the ris safety system were partially offset by lower contract manufacturing sales for consumer products. Sales of the proprietary products were $18 million or 20% of this segment's revenues in the quarter. The same percentage of segment revenues as in the prior-year quarter.
 CZ sales and new development activity were approximately $1.8 million in Q2, about $200,000 less than the prior-year quarter. Total proprietary product sales are expected to grow at a double-digit rate for 2012.
 As provided on Slide 7, our consolidated gross margin for Q2 2012 was 30.4% versus the 27.5% margin we achieved in the second quarter of '11. Packaging Systems second quarter gross margin of 35.1% is a full 4 margin point higher than the 31.1% achieved in the second quarter of '11.
 High raw material prices and general inflationary increases in cost continue to put pressure on margins. But the impact was more than overcome by favorable mix of products sold and sales transactions [ph] that took effect over the past few quarters, and continued leading savings and efficiencies in our plants.
 Delivery Systems second quarter gross margin was unchanged versus the prior-year quarter at 17.9%. Production efficiencies resulting from restructuring efforts and marginally higher selling prices were offset by an otherwise less profitable mix of contract manufacturing revenue. In addition, our Delivery Systems segment recorded $3.8 million in other income in connection with the development of the proprietary product.
 As reflected on Slide 8, Q2 2012 consolidated SG&A expense increased by $8 million compared to the prior-year quarter. The largest share of the increase comes from a $3 million increase in performance-based compensation expense associated with our improved operating results. And $2.6 million of stock-based compensation, most of which was due to an 18.7% increase in the company's share price during the quarter compared with a 2.3% decline in the prior-year period.
 Slide 9 shows our key cash flow metrics. Operating cash flow was $66 million for the first half of 2012, $16.8 million more than the comparable prior-year period, due primarily to our strong operating results. Capital additions of $75 million were made in the first half of 2012, including $23 million for the new corporate office facility.
 Roughly half of the capital we spent on new product and expansion efforts. We expect to spend between $145 million and $155 million in capital in 2012, including approximately $40 million of cost associated with our planned new corporate office and research facility.
 Slide 10 provides some summary balance sheet information. Our balance sheet continues to be strong and we're confident that our business will provide necessary future liquidity. Our cash balance at June 30 was $107 million, $15 million higher than our December 2011 balance.
 Additionally, not included in that cash balance is $25 million of short-term investments with maturities of less than one year. The vast majority of our cash is invested overseas and is generally not available to be repatriated to the U.S. without incurring significant tax consequences.
 Debt at June 30 was $385 million, $36 million higher than at year end, primarily due to increased borrowing on our revolving credit facility, including the financing of our convertible debt buyback. Our net debt to total investing capital ratio at quarter end was 29.1%, about 1 percentage point higher than the prior year end ratio.
 Working capital totaled $196.8 million at June 30, $32 million lower than at the prior year end. The main reason for the decrease in working capital is due to the reclassification of $25 million of our private placement notes to current liabilities, reflecting a stated maturity date of February 2013, and $32 million of accrued new building cost, which are expected to be funded within the 12 months.
 Our backlog of committed orders continues to strengthen, which at $305 million as of June 2012 is significantly higher than the prior year end and June 2011 balances, excluding exchange and represents a continued lengthening of customer orders, a trend we believe is representative of customer inventory and risk management activities and the reaction to our increasing lead times.
 Based on our strong Q2 2012 results and our strengthening backlog, we revised upward our full year 2012 guidance in this morning's release. That guidance is summarized on Slide 11.
 We have based our guidance on an exchange rate of $1.22 per euro. By contrast, our 2011 actual results are translated at $1.39 per euro rate. This strengthening of the dollar creates adverse earning comparisons to the prior year. Each $0.01 strengthening of the dollars versus the euro, results in just over a $0.01 reduction of full year EPS as a result of translation.
 We now believe revenue growth will be in the 8% to 11% range at constant exchange rate. We believe the sales increase range includes 3% to 4% of customer inventory builds, product launch activities and sales price adjustments, which we believe are not indicative of the normal sales run rate.
 Our consolidated sales for 2012 should be in the range of $1.24 billion to $1.27 billion at current exchange rate. Both operating segments are expected to generate margin expansion. Our revised guidance includes $8 million to $10 million of CZ sales for 2012. R&D funding for all programs is expected to be about $5 million more than 2011 levels.
 Using these assumptions, our full year earnings per diluted share should fall in the range of $2.60 to $2.70, excluding restructuring cost, but including adverse currency effects. Our prior guidance utilize an exchange ratio of $1.33 per euro for the remainder of 2012 versus the $1.22 per euro current rate used for our updated guidance. That adverse currency rate had the effect of reducing our guidance by approximately $0.08 to $0.10 per diluted share.
 Slide 12, shows significant factors that have been evident in our Q2 results, and which are expected to impact our margins throughout 2012. We expect to continue favorable mix shift towards high value products and lean savings programs to more than offset higher raw material cost and normal inventory cost increases.
 Note, that the impact of the price increases over the prior-year period comparisons will moderate in the second half of 2012, as we implemented price increases in the second half of 2011. Also, our second half year results historically have been and are expected to be less profitable than the first half due to scheduled plant and customer shutdowns for maintenance and holidays. We expect these net effects will produce full year 2012 expanded margins and EPS growth.
 I'd now like to turn the call back over to Don Morel. 
Donald Morel: Thanks very much, Bill. This concludes our remarks for this morning. And we now will be pleased to answer any questions you might have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Arnold Ursaner from CJS Securities. 
Arnold Ursaner: First question is a simple one for Bill, with given the timing of the convert, what was your end of quarter share count or how should we think about share count on a go forward basis? 
William Federici: That's -- you remember what -- at the end of the quarter, we had the converts added there. So you would have 2.9 million less shares, but you have the weighted average debt, so the convert shares were outstanding for about 170 days or so. And there are not going to be included for about just under 200 days. So when you think about it, you should use for the full year about 35.8 million shares versus what it would be if we had left them outstanding for the whole year, about 37.3 million shares. 
Arnold Ursaner: And embedded in your press release, you talked about a $3.8 million of income recognized in connection with the development of a proprietary product. The couple of questions about that which area is that in? Is that in delivery? 
William Federici: Yes. 
Arnold Ursaner: I know you're probably constrained about how much you can tell us, but is it a one-time or is it something where there will be some legs related to it? 
William Federici: There will more feeds, milestones et cetera associated with that development agreement. 
Donald Morel: And you can appreciate, Arnold, many of the development agreements that are customer funded are task related, so that there will be some lumpy revenues for delivery as we forward. 
Arnold Ursaner: Is there any more built in the back half of the year for that? 
Donald Morel: For that program, yes. 
William Federici: There is a small amount built into that for the fourth quarter. 
Arnold Ursaner: Similar to what you had this quarter? 
William Federici: Less than that. 
Arnold Ursaner: And going back to in Q1, you had highlighted a pretty sizeable delivery at high margin for a customer launch. Did you also have one in Q2? 
William Federici: The continuing effects continued into Q2 for that same launch. 
Donald Morel: But there was not a second product launch that was introduced. 
William Federici: It is the same one and the impact of it was felt in Q1, but continued into Q2. 
Arnold Ursaner: Little different question for Don, your leading competitor was acquired recently. Can you comment on how do you think it may change industry dynamics? 
Donald Morel: There are actually kind of number 3. I assume you're referring to Aptar's acquisition of Stelmi? 
Arnold Ursaner: Correct. 
Donald Morel: Clearly, Aptar has made a strategic decision to look at the injectable market. It compliments their existing pharmaceutical business on the pulmonary side. They have a very strong franchise in valves for metered dose inhalers. It bears watching, certainly they are going to invest and try and grow that business. Any effects will probably not be seen, for I would guess, a period of maybe 3 to 5 years because of the regulatory mode around the business. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Ross Taylor from C.L. King. 
Ross Taylor: I just had a couple of really simple questions. The $3.8 million, I just wanted to make sure I understood or heard that that's kind of more of a milestone type of payment? 
William Federici: It's actually a payment for developing cost that we had incurred during the year. 
Ross Taylor: And how much of the customer inventory stocking is kind of completed at this point, or how much might it impact revenue during the second half? 
Donald Morel: I think it's difficult to put a quantitative handle on that, Ross. It's been mostly into disposable device of that. We've seen it creep over into the pharma side. Our expectation it's likely to tailor off. 
Ross Taylor: And my last question, I just wanted to clarify a number that Bill, gave out towards the end of his prepared remarks, but I think he mentioned the expected 8% to 11% organic growth, on a kind of normalized basis excluding some of these inventory? 
William Federici: No. You see that's the total number excluding exchange rate to 11%, Ross. And included in that number is about 3% to 4% of those things you talked about, the special kind of non-normal run rate issues. We look at it and we say, we're somewhere between 5% and 7% normalized growth. 
Operator: We have Arnold Ursaner online with CJS Securities with the follow-up. 
Arnold Ursaner: I guess my question go in fact to what I was asking before, to the extent I would add back -- or I'm sorry, subtract out the $3.8 million one-time income from the delivery area. Your margin there was dramatically lower than you've been running. I know you mentioned a lot of contract manufacturing, so first of all am I on the right track that it would been much lower ex that? And then speak to the 80% of contract, are you winding down previous contracts you had? And are you in fact, finding some offsets that we should think about for next year to fill it in at hopefully better margin? 
William Federici: Let me take the first part of your question. Arnie, if you take the $3.8 million now, you'd also have to take out the expenses that were incurred during the year that this was a reinvestment of. So yes, when you say it's a one-time reimbursement of prior development cost incurred. So you'd have to take nearly both of them out and you'd end up somewhere close to the same number. But your general comments about it being less of a favorable mix and therefore less profitable, is true. That is in fact the case, our proprietary device sales were 20% of total which is equivalent to what it was in the prior year. But some of those proprietary devices were at the lower end of the proprietary device margin scale. So they weren't nearly as profitable as, say, the CZ was and as you know CZ was short about $200,000 compared to the prior-year quarter. So those all things added together, the number isn't terribly, dramatically different from what we have here. But there was an impact from that $3.8 million. 
Arnold Ursaner: But Bill, you had the expenses in the different period? 
William Federici: They were in the first and second quarter. Some of that was incurred in 2011, but again not all of it. 
Donald Morel: The second part of your question Arnie is that, we haven't necessarily deemphasized the contract part of the business. It happens to be growing very robustly this year. Customer demand in the assemble devices, that we're doing has been very, very strong. So that's actually rising a little bit faster than sales on the proprietary side. And because proprietary is a lot lower, that the ratio was maintained at that 80-20 kind of level. If you recall, when we talked about our 5 year plan at the Investor Day, our expectation was, once the validation and stability is done on many of the proprietary systems, when you get into the mid-14, mid-15 timeframe, you start to get a dramatic shift in that ratio with a proprietary increasing. 
Arnold Ursaner: Just clarify a couple questions on the backlog. I want to make sure I have the number right. Was it $305 million or $320 million of backlog? 
Donald Morel: $305 million. 
Arnold Ursaner: And again, if it's reflecting the changing in currencies and your volume embedded in that backlog is growing quite dramatically, is that correct? 
Donald Morel: No. The volume is actually is showing fairly modest growth. What you're seeing a lot of the effect of mix where you've got a very high demand for the higher value products and also the effect of price. 
Arnold Ursaner: And going back to your 28% growth in high-value products, that's a very sizeable number. And I guess, the question I have is, you did show good margin improvement, but what are the offsets? Why wouldn't you -- if the margins on your high-value products are double or triple of the lower margin products, I'm surprised you wouldn't have had even stronger margin performance. What's holding it back? 
William Federici: You're talking about gross margin. We can answer that for you. I mean, there are increased costs associated with our, raw materials were up in the Packaging Systems space, 1.2 margin points. And you had currency running the other way from you. And you had general inflationary cost, so a full 4 margin point increase in Packaging Systems margins already is pretty spectacular. And we're very happy with it, yes. When you think about, if you just took the margin differential between the standard products and high value product, you're absolutely right. It's roughly closing in on being double. But you do have to take into consideration the raw material price increases and other general inflationary increases as an offset. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Alanna Crank from Barclays. 
Alanna Crank: It's Alanna Crank for Lara Marsh's [ph] team here at Barclays. Just a quick question on the recent agreement you announced that Amgen back in June. Have you guys received any additional feedback from manufacturers of the result or any additional interest in the CZ product? 
Donald Morel: CZ interest is really being driven by general market conditions. We can't comment further on the Amgen agreement. But if you follow what's happening, generally within our space in injectables, concerns about delamination of glass and about breakage, are getting more and more attention. So I think generally the market is taking a look at alternatives to glass in a broader sense, and that's where we see the interest. 
Alanna Crank: Also with NovaPure being a relatively recent launch, when you think about where you are now with that launch versus where we saw you back at your Analyst Day, where are guys versus your original expectations? Are customers seeing the value proposition there despite the higher prices? 
Donald Morel: The time lag has been relatively short since the Investor Day. The feedback that we're hearing is very, very positive, but again to make these switches does not happen overnight, because of the regulatory requirements. But we do believe when we look at the uptick [ph] of Westar at 10 years ago, that NovaPure will in large part follow that trajectory. So over the next 6 to 24 months, we think we're going to see increases. 
Operator: That was our last question. And now I will turn the call over to Don Morel for his closing comments. 
Donald Morel: Thank you very much operator, and thanks everyone for your time this morning. We look forward to talking with you again in early November when we provide our third quarter results and an early look into our revenue expectations for 2013. Thanks very much. 
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-26 09:00:00) =====
John Woolford: Good morning everyone and welcome to West's First Quarter 2012 Results Conference Call. We issued our financial results this morning and the release has been posted in the Investors section on the companys website located at www.westpharma.com. If you have not received a copy of this announcement, please call Westwicke Partners at 443-213-0500 and a copy will be sent to you immediately. Posted on the companys website is the slide presentation that management will refer to in their remarks today. The presentation is in PDF format. Should you require a link to a free download of software that will enable users to view the presentation is also available on the website.
 I remind you that statements made by management on this call and in the presentation will contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. federal securities law and that are based on managements beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements that are preceded by, followed by, or that include words such as estimate, expect, intend, believe, plan, anticipate, and other words in terms of similar meaning are forward-looking statements. West estimated or anticipated future results, product performance, or other non-historical facts are forward-looking and reflect our current perspective on increasing trends and information.
 Many of the factors that will determine the companys future results are beyond the ability of the company to control or predict. These statements are subject to known or unknown risks or uncertainties and therefore actual results could differ materially from past results and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement. You should bear this in mind as you consider forward-looking statements.
 For a non-exclusive list of factors that could cause actual results to differ from expectations, please refer to todays press release. Investors are also advised to consult any further disclosures, the company makes on related subjects in the companys 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K reports. Except as required by applicable securities law, the company undertakes no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.
 In addition, during todays call management may make reference to non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted operating profit and adjusted diluted EPS. These measures and their component parts have no standardized meaning prescribed by U.S. GAAP and therefore may not be comparable to and should not be viewed as a substitute for U.S. GAAP operating income and diluted EPS. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results were prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in materials accompanying this mornings earnings release.
 At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Don Morel, West's Chairman and CEO. Don? 
Donald Morel: Thank you very much, John and good morning everyone. Welcome to West's first quarter 2012 conference call. I am joined this morning by Bill Federici, our Chief Financial Officer and by Mike Anderson, our Treasurer and primary Investor Relations contact.
 As in prior calls, we will refer to the slide deck John mentioned in our prepared remarks this morning. In the event you have difficulty accessing the slides, the content of those slides is covered both in this morning's release and our remarks. As you are aware, West pre-released earnings on April 17 and today we will provide a little more detail on what drove our performance.
 Slide 3 provides highlights of our first quarter results. The strong finish we experienced at the close of 2011 carried into 2012 and contributed to record performance in terms of revenues, operating profit and earnings per share for the quarter. On a consolidated basis, revenues grew by 9.1% to $316.3 million, excluding currency effect.
 Pharmaceutical Packaging Systems grew by 11.6% again driven by very strong overall performance from our high value products such as Envision, Westar, and FluroTec. Collectively, this product group grew 14% compared to the first quarter of 2011, which was also very strong.
 In the Delivery Systems segment, revenues were 1.3% higher at constant exchange rate. This modest increase resulted from softer sales in the contract manufacturing and consumer segment, which were partially offset by higher sales in the proprietary products group as a whole. See these sales were a modest $0.5 million and as discussed in our last call are proving to be somewhat lumpy due to customer needs in the near term being limited to sample requirements, pro forma stability, and validation testing necessary for eventual regulatory submission.
 Our consolidated gross margin improved by more than 2.1 percentage points to 31.9% due to very strong growth in advanced pharmaceutical packaging sales and modest volume growth and also good contribution from increased pricing. Pricing was strong in the quarter, because we updated our pricing on non-contract business January 1 and are catching up on margin loss to higher cost experienced through much of last year. Pricing also improved on contracts that reached our anniversary date and were re-priced to account for material and other cost changes over the preceding year. We believe that a significant part of the sales growth was also fueled by growing customer inventories. Our sense confirmed by many, but not all of our customers is that they are shifting away from strategies that emphasized inventory and working capital containment to a lower risk approach in managing their supply chain.
 Overall, SG&A growth was also modest leading to adjusted operating profit of $42.3 million and adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.83 respectively. As we announced in our pre-release, we now believe revenues for the full year will fall in the range of $1.25 billion to $1.28 billion with a consolidated gross margin of 29.8% and now expect adjusted diluted earnings per share to be between $2.50 and $2.67 per share assuming a euro dollar exchange rate of $1.33.
 Bill will address this in greater detail, but we have essentially captured the outsized first quarter growth coupled with more normalized growth in the second half of the year in our outlook. We believe the second quarter will be a bit stronger than our earlier guidance adjusted, but it's difficult at this time to forecast that strength continuing into the second half of the year.
 Order patterns at the outset of the quarter remained strong and their backlog of firm committed orders is well ahead of where we were a year ago. Without wanting to minimize the growth we realized in the first quarter, it's worth noting that our lead times and sales visibility that have been shrinking in what we called the new normal, not too long ago. Now we are stretching out. This trend does not necessarily mean that the raw growth in orders will translate into higher sales in the subsequent quarter, because more and more of that backlog growth relates to sales in later months. As a result, we have better visibility into the second quarter and more Q3 orders in our books than we did a year ago. Even so, the second half of the year remains difficult to forecast.
 Another factor to bear in mind is that the backlog relates primarily to the pharmaceutical packaging business. We do not have the same visibility in the delivery systems segment due to the high percentage of contract business, which has very short lead times and the unpredictable timing of CZ and other West proprietary product revenues.
 Slide 4 provides highlights of our ongoing expansion of product development programs. This will be a relatively quick update as we will be covering these programs in much greater detail at our Investor Day in New York City on May 23. Starting with our capacity expansion in Asia, the China rubber facility remains on schedule for the start of operations in January next year. Our construction project in India remains subject to the receipt of necessary permits in completion of the formal lease agreement. Front end work on the project continues and we expect physical construction to commence later this quarter, but would not be surprised if it slips into early in the third quarter.
 Global launch of NovaPure West next generation closure system is currently underway. Response to the official U.S. launch at a recent trade conference has been very positive. Initially, the NovaPure line will encompass small volume BioClosures in addition to plunger components with pre-filled syringes. Our customer's recent focus on meeting the markets' rising quality standards, where all aspects of their products leaves us to believe that our NovaPure product line is well-positioned at the right time to lead the market.
 Although CZ sales for the quarter were relatively modest and remain unpredictable in the near term, we firmly believe overall that sales of West proprietary products sales will grow in double-digits for the full year. We also officially opened our expanded clean room and manufacturing facility in the Arizona 2 weeks ago. Now along with the availability of dedicated CZ filling capacity at our partner, Vetter, we can also offer customers the capability to supply their sample requirements for stability and validation before they fully commit their products and timelines of CZ.
 We also continue to invest in late-stage development work on a number of customer proprietary product adaptations. Customer interest in the SmartDose, large volume self-injection system remains robust. Our efforts here are focused again on engineering validation of the CZ cartridge system and optimizing the supply chain for the device itself. So the customers can be given a requisite stability and eventually user and clinical studies required.
 I'd now like to turn the call over to Bill Federici for a more detailed look at our Q1 results. Bill? 
William Federici: Thank you, Don, and good morning everyone. We issued our first quarter results this morning reporting net income up $29.2 million or $0.81 per diluted share versus the $0.56 per diluted share we reported in the first quarter of 2011.
 Our first quarter results are summarized on Slide 5 of the accompanying PowerPoint presentation and in the release. As explained in the release, results in both periods included restructuring charges and discrete tax items. Excluding the effect of these items in both periods and a Q1, 2012 adjustment to our liabilities for contingent consideration from recent acquisitions, first quarter 2012 earnings were $0.83 per diluted share versus the $0.60 we earned in the first quarter of 2011, a net increase of 38%.
 Turning to sales, Slide 6 shows the components of our consolidated sales increase. Consolidated first quarter sales were $316.3 million, an increase of 9.1% over first quarter 2011 sales, excluding exchange effects. Packaging systems sales increased 11.6% over same quarter 2011 sales excluding currency. Sales price increases in packaging systems contributed approximately 3.2 percentage points of the increase. Favorable sales mix and modest volume increases accounted for most of the remainder of the increase. For the packaging systems segment as a whole, sales growth in our high value products, specifically Envision and Westar processed packaging components increased 14% versus the prior year quarter.
 Our Q1, 2012 sales comparisons to the prior year benefited from a customer's product launch, customer inventory management activities, and validation activities in advance of customer product and plant relocations. These special activities boosted Q1, 2012 packaging systems sales by approximately 5 percentage points. Delivery systems sales increased by approximately 1% over sales in the prior year quarter, excluding exchange. Higher demand for our safety and reconstitution systems as well as contract manufacturer healthcare devices drove the sales increase.
 Sales of proprietary products were $17 million or 21% of the segment's revenues in the quarter slightly ahead of the prior year quarter's 20%. CZ sales and development activity were approximately $0.5 million in Q1, about $1.4 million less than the prior year quarter. Full year CZ 2012 sales are now expected to be approximately $8 million to $10 million. Total proprietary product sales are expected to grow between $7 million and $11 million for 2012.
 As provided on Slide 7, our consolidated gross profit margin for Q1, 2012 was 31.9% versus the 29.8% margin we achieved in the first quarter of 2011. Packaging systems' first quarter gross margin of 36.1% was 2.2 margin points higher than the 33.9% achieved in the first quarter of '11. High raw material prices and general inflationary increases in costs continue to put pressure on margins, but the impact was more than overcome by the sales price actions that took effect over the past few quarters, the favorable mix of products sold, and continued lean savings and efficiencies in our plants. Delivery systems' first quarter gross margin improved 1.3 margin points to 19.7% compared to the prior year quarter. Improvement in margins is mostly from the increased volume and mix of revenues generated. Our previous restructuring efforts also helped improve the overall margins in this division.
 As reflected on Slide 8, Q1, 2012 consolidated SG&A expense increased by $700,000 versus the prior year quarter. Higher pension cost, information systems cost, and sales incentive comp were partially offset by currency effects and restructuring savings. As a percentage of sales first quarter 2012, SG&A expense was 16.2% versus 17.1% in the first quarter of 2011.
 Slide 9 shows our key cash flow metrics. Operating cash flow was $13.8 million for the quarter ended March 31, 2012, $4.3 million more than the prior year quarter with most of the difference attributed to the higher net income offset by higher receivables and the timing of pension contributions. Capital additions of $35 million were made in the quarter, including $3.4 million in accrued capital, most of which is for the new corporate office facility. Roughly half of the capital is spent on new product and expansion efforts. We expect to spend approximately $135 million to $155 million in capital in 2012 including approximately $40 million of cost that will be incurred for our new corporate office and research facility, which will be funded upon our occupancy at the end of '12 or early '13.
 Slide 10 provides some summary balance sheet information. Our balance sheet continues to be strong and we are confident that our business will provide necessary future liquidity. Our cash balance at March 31 was $100 million, $8.4 million higher than our December 2011 balance. Additionally, not included in that cash balance, is $26 million of short-term investments with maturities of less than 1 year. As a remainder, substantially all of our cash is invested overseas and is generally not available to be repatriated to the U.S. We are incurring significant local and U.S. tax consequences.
 Debt at March 31 was $381 million, $32 million higher than at the year end and due primarily to increased borrowing on our revolving debt facility to fund our Q1 pension contribution and other normal cash needs. Our net debt's total invested capital ratio at quarter end was 28.8% slightly higher than the prior year end ratio.
 Working capital totaled $200 million at March 31, $28 million lower than in the prior year end. The main reason for the decrease in working capital was due to the reclassification of $27 million of our private placement notes to current liabilities reflecting their stated maturity date of February 2013 and $32 million of accrued new building costs, which are expected to be funded within 12 months. The increase in our accounts receivable balances is due to higher sales level in the current quarter.
 Our backlog of committed orders continues to strengthen, which had $323 million as of March 2012 is 15% higher than the March 2011 balance excluding exchange and represents a continued lengthening of customer orders. Based on our strong Q1, 2012 results and our strengthening backlogs, we revised upward our full year 2012 guidance in this morning's release. That guidance is summarized on Slide 11.
 We have based our guidance on exchange rate of $1.33 million per euro. By contrast, our 2011 actual rates are translated at a $1.39 per euro rate. This strengthening of the dollar creates adverse earnings comparisons to the prior year. Each $0.01 strengthening of the dollar versus the euro results in just over $0.01 reduction of full year EPS as a result of translation. We now believe revenue growth will be in the 7% to 10% range at constant exchange rates. We believe the sales increase range includes 2% to 3% of customer inventory builds and product launch activities, which we believe are not indicative of a normal sales run rate. Our consolidated sales for '12 are estimated to be in the range of $1.25 billion to $1.28 billion at current exchange rates. We expect both operating segments to generate margin expansion. Taking all of those expectations into account, we expect our full year earnings per diluted share to fall in the range of $2.50 to $2.67 excluding restructuring costs and including adverse currency effects.
 Slide 12 shows several significant factors that have been evidenced in our Q1 results and which are expected to impact our margins throughout 2012. We are seeing and expect higher than average price increases, a continued favorable mix shift towards high value products and lean savings programs to more than offset higher raw material costs and normal inflationary cost increases. It should be kept in mind that the larger than average price increases are in part recouping higher input costs that we incurred as early as the year ago, but will have a lesser effect on comparisons to last year in the second half, because we imposed raw materials surcharge on some customers beginning in Q3, 2011. The net effect is expected to produce full year 2012 expanded margins compared to the compressed margins of 2011 and importantly very good EPS growth.
 And now, I'd like to turn the call back over to Don Morel. Don? 
Donald Morel: Thank you very much, Bill. As a final reminder, West will host its Biannual Investor Day on May 23 in New York City at the Millenium [indiscernible] Hotel. This concludes our remarks this morning. Then Bill and I would now be pleased to answer any questions you might have. 
Operator: Okay. Ladies and gentlemen, please be aware, this call is being recorded on behalf of West and its copyrighted material. It cannot be rerecorded or rebroadcast without the company's expressed permission. Your participation in this call implies your consent to our taping. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. And now I'd like to open up for question-and-answer. [Operator Instructions] Okay. The first question comes from the line of Arnold Ursaner. 
Arnold Ursaner: My question relates to in the quarter you highlighted an initial pipeline fills for a new product rollout for one of your customers, maybe you could expand on that a little more. Don, we have had the FDA move forward on more drugs in the last few months than they have in the last several years. Looking forward, are you aware or seeing additional pipeline fills that you expect to get as these new biologics hit the market? 
Donald Morel: They are difficult to predict. We are seeing a couple Arnie. These tender rollout in kind of a wave-like fashion you will have an inventory build that supports the immediate launch and then you'll have a little bit of a softer period until it fix up more normalized than expected growth rate, but yes, we do expect some others to flow through over the next 12 to 18 months. 
Arnold Ursaner: But those are not embedded. You mentioned 2% to 3% of the expected growth is 
Donald Morel: These are not embedded in those numbers. 
Arnold Ursaner: Okay. And your $323 million backlog, you normally given the tremendous sales growth you had in Q1 your backlog would have shrank, you mentioned though you are seeing the lengthening of timing of customer orders. Can you expand a little bit on what that timing is now and are you seeing customers react to that lengthening by perhaps much more aggressively placing orders to be sure they have capacity? 
Donald Morel: Well, I think that a couple of things that play here. One is that with the Fukushima situation last year, clearly, many customers are rethinking their strategic inventories after a time when they were shrinking as part of their inventory and working capital management programs. A couple of years ago, we were talking about shorter lead times and smaller orders being the new normal. Now, we are seeing what we believe is the more rational inventory approach leading to extended larger orders over a longer period of time like we would have seen 12 to 24 months I guess. So and in fact, what's happening is the composition of the backlog is taking on a situation, where the majority of the orders are going to fall into the current quarter, but we are seeing a lengthening of the tail into the third and even in some extraordinary cases although small dollar volume into the fourth quarter. We think that, that's a positive. 
Arnold Ursaner: Okay. And what is the current length and although it's placing an order now what is the length of time before it's filled? 
Donald Morel: It depends on the specific product, but average in the rubber facility is there was probably 10 to 12 weeks. Metals would be a little bit less depending on the product, probably 8 to 10. 
Arnold Ursaner: Okay. My final question if I can is on Vetter, you obviously have worked out this agreement, where your customers can do more aggressive testing to move forward on things like CZ, can you give us any sense and maybe it's more the Analyst Day question of how many products are currently at Vetter. How many - what's their capacity has enabled your customers to do? Can you expand on that a little bit please? 
Donald Morel: Yes. What the Vetter operation does is provide a dedicated CZ billing capability for the 1mL long insert needle syringe. And the reason that's important is that customers can now go to a source, where it is CZ only. There is no potential for cross contamination with processing glass on the same line. And they can use that facility to fill not only formal stability samples, where the data can be used for regulatory submission, but they also have limited capability for clinical and small commercial fills. So, that line I believe has the capability at full run rates to do approximately 5 million units per year. I'd like to be able to provide more color on specific products, but unfortunately, because of confidentiality provisions I can't. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from the line of Kipp Davis. 
Kipp Davis: This is Kipp Davis from [indiscernible]. She has team over Barclays. Thanks for taking the questions. So, just a quick question, I know CZ kind of mentioned lumpy due to customer needs and I think you said it was $0.5 million in the quarter, but she also I think said there was $8 million to $10 million for the full year. Is that sort of more a reflection of you've got visibility into what customer demands are, just aware, it falls in, in a particular quarter. You just might not see it there. Am I reading that correctly into how you think about your target for the full year? 
William Federici: Absolutely. The target for the full year is $8 million to $10 million and it is due to the lumpiness of it. We have very little ability to predict in advance how those orders will come through, but we think based on the level of activity that, that's our best guess at this point in time. If you think about it in the overall spectrum of the proprietary products - the proprietary products in delivery systems space even with the modest CZ sales in the first quarter are still expected to expand by $7 million to $11 million, which is again a double-digit growth rate for the full year of 2012. 
Kipp Davis: Got it, okay, make sense. 
Donald Morel: One more comment on CZ, I think it's appropriate, it's important for people to remember that our CZ sales reflect mostly proprietary product development for our customers in addition to the 1mL syringe that we manufacture in Arizona. Our CZ sales overall through our Japanese affiliate, Daikyo were up very strongly last year and reflect vial sales and what is called syringe sales that we don't produce.
 Overall, Daikyo CZ sales continue to be strong, ours is more R&D reflective, which as we talked about tends to be kind of unpredictable. 
Kipp Davis: Sure, sure. And then I guess another question, I know you guys had commented on - you got the benefit from some sales price increases on Jan 1, you are going to see less of that in the back half of the year just because you guys put in some price escalators in the back half of '11. So, I guess when we think about gross margin in the first quarter benefited 1.7% overall from sales price increases. If you think about 2Qs that will be somewhat similar, we're thinking that ought to be lower a little bit as well or really should be pretty much the same as we think about 2Q numbers in terms of the impact there. 
Donald Morel: The impact on the sales will be roughly the same, not exactly, but in that same order of magnitude that the - our thing that we have to deal with on the margins is the other factors that also impact and work against that namely, we think raw material which was modest compared to increases were moderated compared to what they were in - certainly in 2011. They continue to remain in a fairly elevated level and you have normal inflationary costs that have also increased since the past year. So, when you look at all of those things combined together, we do believe that we will get margin expansion over the full year, but it's certainly will be more in the first half and less in the second half of the year. 
Kipp Davis: Okay. And then lastly I know you guys have communicated growth rates in the India and China markets were well, a very small percentage of overall sales growing nicely in a sort of 20% to 25% range. Is that continue to be the case and I guess as you think about those markets with China coming on in January, India, may be a little bit delayed in terms of getting that up and running with the facility there. How do you think about it from a 5-year out, 10-year out standpoint, where do you want that to go and how should we think about sort of normalized growth rates in those markets and should we continue to see them growing strongly as they have. 
Donald Morel: Bring the simple answer is yes, I mean, Asia overall is a reporting unit and the quarter was up about 15%, it's up very strong. The growth rate that we've seen over the past 12 months in China and India both are still pretty much in place tend to be in the 20% to 25% range. For us strategically, China and India are both according to serve not only the domestic markets, but also the multinational customers that have operations there and we're looking for product comparability to export back to the western markets. I think we spoken publicly before that the expansion we've been in Singapore will likely be out of capacity and the mid 2013 kind of timeframe, which is important for the China capacity to come online early. India will not be that delayed in terms of its actual startup. We may see a month or 2 delay before we get the permitting in some of the bureaucratic stuff that we have to get out of the way, but overall we expect to hold to our timeline for beginning operations there. It's also important to note that China is rubber purely, where as India will be a combination plant of both metal seals and rubber components for the domestic market as well for exports. But in the longer term over the 5 to 10-year period you referenced, we expect that region to be a very, very key part of our overall growth 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Taylor, CL King. 
Ross Taylor: Just 2 or 3 quick questions. First, I mean, not have understood the all of your remarks, but I think you mentioned a bunch of factor than in aggregate may be boost the demand on the form packaging side by about 5% in the quarter. And I wondered if any of those factors are you are going to be carrying over into Q2 given that it sounds like business momentum is probably going to be pretty strong this quarter as well? 
William Federici: Yes, absolutely, Ross. We thought in the first quarter about 5% as you said packaging sales when we look out to the full year, we think we had some of that because we have the backlog that we can look into. We see a similar kind of like amount in the second quarter to the what our knowledge is at this point, still not perfect knowledge since we still some way to go in quarter 2. But for the full year when we look at the effects and we said we mentioned the 7% to 10% currency neutral growth rate in sales for the company, were looking at something between 2% and 3% of that number being the special non run rate kind of items. 
Ross Taylor: Okay, alright. And it looks at least based on some of the information in the press release and then your slideshow that mix was a good benefit in the quarter. And is mix then contributing more to your results recently and if so is that maybe due to change in customer behavior for some of the higher products that are buying or is it maybe kind of growing momentum from some of your relatively new products? 
Donald Morel: I think it really is validation of the strategy, value-added sales approach and us incremental and selling more value per units. We are benefiting from a lot of increased regulatory scrutiny on our customers manufacturing operation. But its clearly evidenced that they are leading towards very clean particular free validated and certified products to reduce the risk in their own operation. So, our expectation is that we are going to see a lot of our revenue growth driven by continued sales increases in the value-added product category. 
Ross Taylor: Okay. And my final question is on, you also mentioned in your press release some development revenue related to SmartDose. Can you give any color is to what that particular application might be? What some of the funding revenue was going towards exactly? 
Donald Morel: Basically, was revenue end an engineering time where we were making some modifications to the device that are proprietary to the customer in question. Cant provide a whole lot of color other than that basically a milestone payment for engineering sources. 
William Federici: And the amount in the full year is very, very modest Ross, its less than $5 million that we expect to the full year. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of David Windley, Jefferies. 
David Windley: Hi, I apologize I did have to join the call late, good morning. I wanted to, I guess revisit, Im sure you've commented on it already, but revisit your view about the sustainability of this heightened demand and inventory building by customers, I think youve included the benefit to 1Q and maybe a little bit more forward-benefiting your guidance, but just we'd love to get a kind of down in the weeds in terms of how much visibility you have to the sustainability of that buying pattern? 
William Federici: Yes, Dave, well answer, Ill answer the numeric part of it and then if you need more color, we'll try to give you some more, but as we said, it was 5% in the quarter of packaging systems sales. And we do because of our backlog we do see additional amounts coming in, in the second quarter that we can identify of roughly the same kind of order of magnitude. The third and fourth quarter because of the lack of visibility, it's a little more difficult to predict, but when we went ahead and produced the guidance that we've put out there of 7% to 10% currency neutral sales growth approximately 2% to 3% of that number, we believe are these non run-rate type sales items. So, there is a chunk of it sitting in the back half of the year again not identified, because we really dont have a lot of visibility. However, we still believe that its - that it continues that type of process and mindset by our customers continues. 
David Windley: Okay. And regard, Don to your comments about you have a higher value product buying, does the strategy there is, as I have understood it has been to kind of up sale in shift mix toward those higher value products in a way that would enhance your margin due to those. Is that a continual demand or continual process by the customer and other words as they shift overall into vision inspected and watched and so forth that, that becomes standard and that starts to get pressure from a pricing standpoint and you have to find the next upgrade. Just wondering how that cycle plays out? 
Donald Morel: Yes. So, the incremental process where you do see that kind of shift, I mean, remember we've always talked about the fact that the therapeutic category that utilized those components are the ones that are going to drive our growth, oncology, diabetes, vaccines, anything that basically is a biotherapeutic protein is consuming those kinds of products. So, those categories increased, our sales increased. The other part of the coin is that as you get ongoing regulatory pressure and some of our other customers operations that are small molecule that tends to drive a value-added products to those as well so, we're getting growth actually out of both parts of it. 
Operator: We have no further questions. So, now Id like to turn the call back over to Mr. Don Morel, Chairman and CEO. 
Donald Morel: Thank you very much for your time this morning. This concludes our formal remarks. 
Operator: Okay. Thank you for the participation in today's conference. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect and have a good day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-16 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the West Pharmaceutical Services Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2011 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded on behalf of West and is copyrighted material. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without the company's express permission. [Operator Instructions]
 And now Id like to turn todays meeting over to Mr. John Woolford from Westwicke Partners. Sir, you may begin. 
John Woolford: Thank you, Operator. Good morning everyone and welcome to Wests fourth quarter and full-year 2011 results conference call. We issued our financial results this morning and the release has been posted in the Investor Section on the company's website located at www.westpharma.com. If you have not received a copy of this announcement, please call Westwicke Partners at 443-213-0500 and a copy will be sent to you immediately.
 Posted on the Companys website is a slide presentation that management will refer to in their remarks today. The presentation is in pdf format. Should you require a link to a free download of software that will enable users to view the presentation is also available on the website.
 I remind you that statements made by management on this call and in the presentation will contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. federal securities law and that are based on managements beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements that are preceded by, followed by, or that includes words such as estimate, expect, intend, believe, plan, anticipate, and other words and terms of similar meaning are forward-looking statements.
 Wests estimated or anticipated future results, product performance or other non-historical facts are forward-looking and reflect our current perspective on existing trends and information.
 Many of the factors that will determine the Companys future results are beyond the ability of the Company to control or predict. These statements are subject to known or unknown risks or uncertainties and therefore actual results could differ materially from past results and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement. You should bear this in mind as you consider forward-looking statements.
 For a non-exclusive list of factors which could cause actual results to differ from expectations please refer to todays press release. Investors are also advised to consult any further disclosures the Company makes on related subjects in the Companys 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K reports. Except as required by applicable securities laws the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.
 In addition, during todays call, management may make reference to non-GAAP financial measures including adjusted operating profit and adjusted diluted EPS. These measures and their component parts have no standardized meaning prescribed by U.S. GAAP, and therefore may not be comparable to, and should not be viewed as a substitute for U.S. GAAP operating income and diluted EPS.
 Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in materials accompanying this mornings earnings release.
 At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Don Morel, West's Chairman and CEO. Don? 
Donald Morel: Thank you very much John, and good morning everyone. Welcome to this morning's call to review Wests fourth quarter and full-year results for 2011. Joining me today are Bill Federici, our Chief Financial Officer; and Mike Anderson, our Treasurer and primary investor relations contact.
 Bill and I will refer to slides throughout our prepared remarks this morning which can be found on our website. The content of those slides is covered both in this morning's release and our commentary.
 The fourth quarter results are summarized on slide 3. And I'll begin with the highlights shown on slide 4. We finished the year on a very strong note with revenues increasing 6.8% to $295.4 million on a consolidated basis, even with the unfavorable effects of currency.
 Revenue growth was driven primarily by gains in the Packaging Systems segment, which grew 8.6%, with strong demand in Europe for our high value products such as Westar and Envision, which rose over 12%.
 Our gross margin improved 0.7 percentage points compared with the fourth quarter of 2010. The improvement in gross margin was driven in large part by improved operating results in our contract packaging operations within the Delivery Systems division. Although helped by an improved sales mix and pricing actions to offset escalating raw material cost, the gross margin in the Packaging Systems segment declined slightly.
 Our consolidated adjusted operating margin improved substantially by 2.4 percentage points resulting in adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.59, an improvement of 40% versus the comparable period in 2010.
 For the full year, revenues totaled $1.19 billion representing overall sales growth of 5.2% excluding currency impacts, and adjusted diluted earnings per share increased approximately 11% to $2.33 per share versus $2.10 for the prior year.
 In the Packaging Systems segment, growth was strongest in Europe, South America and Asia and benefited from increased sales for diabetes products, value-added components and growth in emerging markets.
 From an earnings viewpoint, the combination of pricing actions, an improving product mix, spending controls and main programs in our operations were able to mitigate to a large extent increases in raw material and overhead costs.
 More importantly, the strong demand in our backlog and strengthening of committed orders we experienced in the second half of 2011 has carried forward into 2012. Within pharmaceutical packaging, globally, the current backlog stands at $282 million, up 16% from the same period last year.
 We are optimistic about 2012 as many of the core business drivers we have previously discussed remain intact. Namely, we expect continued growth in systems for diabetes treatment, oncology, autoimmune disease and vaccines. In addition, several key customers have received marketing approval for new molecules, which incorporate less components and reconstitution systems.
 As we begin the year, order patterns in the packaging segment remains strong and we expect to bring several new production lines into operation in our contract manufacturing segment during the second half of the year.
 We believe the consolidated sales will grow between 4% and 7% at constant exchange rates to between $1.215 billion and $1.245 billion, with improvement in our gross margins to 29.6% versus 28.5% reported for the full year of 2011. R&D expense will increase by approximately $3 million as the CZ 1ml long syringe and SmartDose systems move towards commercialization and clinical trials respectively.
 Our guidance does include $10 million to $15 million of new sales that we anticipate generating for these proprietary products under development. However the timing of these revenues is largely up to customer decision points in their internal product development plan. As a result, adjusted earnings at current exchange rate should fall between $2.37 and $2.55 per share.
 Slide 5 provides some quick highlights of our ongoing expansion and product development program. The China rubber facility remains on schedule for completion at the end of 2012 and the startup operations in early 2013. Construction of the India facility is slated to begin in the second quarter and the expansion of our Kinston, North Carolina facility to accommodate growing demand for Westar and planned additions to our highlighted product line is well underway and should be completed by the end of the year.
 Demand for Envision has been particularly strong as customers and regulators continue to push for lower and lower levels of particulate matter in finished dosage forms. In the second quarter, West will initiate the global launch of NovaPure, the next-generation closure system developed completely in accordance with the principles of quality by design as outlined in the FDAs guidance on quality systems for good, current manufacturing practice regulations.
 Products developed in accordance with these principles are based on more focused science-based decision making, with rigidly predefined quality and performance specifications which are then designed into the manufacturing processes for production. Initially, the NovaPure line will encompass small volume vial [ph] closures in addition to puncture components for prefilled syringes.
 CZ sales for the year totaled $7.6 million, slightly short of our goal for the year and principally due to a delay in the availability of validated filling capacity to formal stability and line trial.
 In November, West announced its collaboration with Vetter Pharma and the installation of a dedicated CZ filling line, which is fully validated and is capable of producing units formal stability testing.
 Our expectation is that several customers will begin the process as growing stability samples over the coming weeks and months. We continue to see strong customer interest in the SmartDose system for large volume self-injections. And our efforts are now focused on validation of the CZ cartridge container so that those customers can begin the requisite stability studies as soon as possible.
 We currently anticipate this will be in the second quarter. We also continue to feel the significant number of inquiries for custom CZ systems for delivered volumes in excess of 1 ml. We believe that those capabilities will help to eliminate the 1 ml upper limit for biologic drug formulations in current prefilled formats.
 In our safety systems product line, we executed a new, 3-year supply agreement with a key customer for our Eris system, and expect to launch a new passive safety system in the second quarter. We have also secured 2 new programs with the Medimop Vial Adapter, representing 12 million to 14 million new units for 2012.
 Overall, we finished 2011 on a strong note, with demand carrying into the New Year and remain focused on generating profitable growth from our strategic expansion and product development programs.
 I'd now like to turn the call over to Bill Federici for a more detailed look at both our fourth quarter and full year results, along with our revenue and earnings guidance for 2012. Bill? 
William Federici: Thank you, Don, and good morning everyone. We issued our fourth quarter results this morning, reporting net income of $18.9 million or $0.54 per diluted share versus the $0.18 per diluted share we reported in the fourth quarter of 2010.
 Our fourth quarter results are summarized on slide 3 of the accompanying PowerPoint presentation and in the release. As explained in the release, results in both periods included restructuring charges, adjustments to our liabilities for the continuing consideration from recent acquisitions and discrete tax items.
 Excluding the effect of these items in both periods and a Q4 2011 separation benefit cost, fourth quarter 2011 earnings were $0.59 per diluted share versus the $0.42 we earned in Q4 2010, a net increase of 40%.
 Turning to sales, slide 6 shows the components of our consolidated sales increase. Consolidated fourth quarter sales were $295.4 million, an increase of 7.2% over fourth quarter 2010 sales, excluding exchange effects.
 Packaging systems sales increased 9.1% over same quarter 2010 sales, excluding favorable exchange effects. Sales price increases in packaging systems contributed approximately 3.6 percentage points of the increase. Favorable sales mix and volume accounted for the remainder of the increase.
 Geographically, we were again strongest in Europe and Asia. North America sales grew modestly during the quarter as compared to the prior year quarter due to customer regulatory issues that limited customer production levels and thus demand for our products.
 For the packaging systems segment as a whole, sales growth in our high value products, specifically Envision and Westar process packaging components more than offset the customer-specific sales issues.
 High value product sales increased 12% versus the prior year quarter. Delivery systems sales increased by approximately 2% over sales in the prior year quarter excluding exchange. High demand for various contract manufactured healthcare devices drove the sales increase.
 Sales of proprietary products were $18 million or 21% of the segment's revenues in the quarter, slightly down from the prior year quarter's 22%. CZ sales and development activity were approximately $1.7 million in Q4 about the same as in the prior year quarter. Full-year 2011 CZ sales were approximately $8 million and total proprietary product sales including CZ were $67 million for the year.
 As provided on slide 7 our consolidated gross profit margin for the quarter was 28.9% versus a 28.2% margin we achieved in the fourth quarter of 2010. Packing systems fourth quarter gross margin of 32.4% declined slightly from the 32.5% achieved in the fourth quarter of 2010.
 High raw material prices continue to put pressure on margins. But the impact was mitigated to a sales price surcharge and other contractually scheduled price increases that went into effect over the past few quarters. Delivery Systems fourth quarter gross margin improved 2 full percentage points to 20.1% compared to the prior year quarter. The improvement in margins was mostly from the increased volume in mix of revenues generated from the contract manufacturing side of the business.
 Raw material price increases were largely passed through to customers with the exception of a net decrease in selling price to a contract manufacturing customer in Europe. Our restructuring efforts also helped to improve the overall margins in this division.
 As reflected on slide 8, Q4 2011 consolidated SG&A expense decreased by $2.1 million versus the prior year quarter. Lower information system cost, restructuring savings and lower stock-based compensation cost account for the majority of the decrease. As a percentage of sales, fourth quarter 2011 SG&A expense was 16.4% versus the 18.2% in the fourth quarter of 2010.
 Slide 9 shows our key cash flow metrics. Operating cash flow was $41.8 million for the quarter ended December 31, 2011. Our strongest quarter for the year but still $5.4 million below the prior year quarter with most of the difference attributed to the settlement of differed comp and pension obligations.
 Capital additions of $47.8 million remain in the quarter including $14.4 million in the accrued capital most of which is for the new corporate office facility. $15.4 million of the capital is spent on new products and expansion efforts. Our full-year CapEx was $122 million in 2011 including the accrual of $25 million of cost mostly associated with our new corporate office and research facility.
 We expect to spend approximately $135 million to $155 million in capital in 2012 including approximately $40 million of cost associated with our new corporate office and research facility.
 The buildings cost will be funded upon its completion and we expect to -- which we expect to occur at the end of 2012 or early '13.
 Slide 10 provides some summary balance sheet information. Our balance sheet continues to be strong and were confident that our business will provide necessary future liquidity.
 Our cash balance at December 31 was $91.8 million, $18.4 million below our December 2010 balance. However, not included in that cash balance is $26.5 million of short-term investments purchased primarily in '11 with maturities of less than one year. About 80% of our cash is invested overseas, 2/3 of which is not available to be repatriated to the U.S. without incurring significant tax consequences.
 Debt at December 31 was $349.4 million, $9 million lower than at year end, due primarily to repayments on our revolving debt facility. Our net debt to total invested capital ratio at quarter end was 28.2%, slightly lower than the prior year-end ratio.
 Working capital totaled $228.8 million at December 31, $38 million lower than at the prior year end, with $11 million of the decrease due to foreign exchange. Main reason for the decrease in working capital is due to the reclassification of $50 million of our private placement notes to current liabilities reflecting their stated maturity date of July 2012.
 The increase in our accounts receivable balance is due to higher sales levels in the current quarter versus the fourth quarter of 2010. Accounts payable balances also increased due to higher year-end purchases from Daikyo and accrued capital spending.
 We issued our full year 2012 guidance in this morning's release. That guidance is summarized on slide 11. We have based our guidance on an exchange rate of $1.32 per euro. By contrast, our 2011 actual results are translated at $1.39 per euro rate.
 This strengthening of the dollar creates adverse earnings comparisons to the prior year. Each one penny strengthening of the dollar versus the euro results in just over $0.01 reduction of full-year EPS as a result of translation.
 We believe revenue growth will be in the 4% to 7% range in constant exchange rates. Our consolidated sales for 2012 should be in the range of $1.215 billion to $1.245 billion at current exchange rates.
 Both operating segments should generate margin expansion. As stated in the earnings release, our guidance for 2012 includes an estimated $10 million to $15 million of growth in CZ and other proprietary products.
 R&D funding for these programs is expected to be about $3 million more than in 2011. Using these assumptions, our full-year earnings per diluted share should fall in the range of $2.37 to $2.55 excluding restructuring cost and including adverse currency effects, without which our 2012 EPS guidance would be $0.09 to a $0.11 higher.
 Slide 12 shows the significant factors that are expected to impact our margins in 2012. We expect higher than average price increases, a continued favorable mix shift towards high value products and a strong lean savings program to more than offset higher raw material cost and normal inflationary pressure on cost. We expect these net affects will produce expanded margins in 2012.
 Id now like to turn the call back over to Don Morel. Don? 
Donald Morel: Thanks very much, Bill. This concludes our prepared remarks for this morning and we'd now be pleased to answer any questions you might have. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Arnie Ursaner with CJS Securities. 
Arnold Ursaner: My first question relates to the guidance you provided, which increased a little bit from what you had given in November from 4% to 6% or 4% to 7%. At the time in November, I think you had talked about price being 2%. When you think about the 4% to 7% now, how much is mix and how much of it is price? 
William Federici: The price is just a little bit higher than that Arnie, somewhere in the -- approaching 2.5%, not quite there. And mix is also expected to be favorable as well. 
Arnold Ursaner: Okay. And the new production lines that you highlighted in your prepared remarks, can you just remind me what they're going to be used for? 
Donald Morel: Theyre actually contract manufacturing lines for 2 products that we expect our customers to receive approval. One should be in the second quarter and one should be late in the third. 
Arnold Ursaner: And will the customer help in the funding of these facilities, or you hopefully have contracts where they'll take the output from these? 
Donald Morel: A little bit of both. I mean, it's a mix depending on a specific customer, but there are cost offsets through the tooling and some of the assembly equipment. It's customer-specific. 
Arnold Ursaner: Okay, my final question is on your backlog which continues to be a very positive surprise, very strong. Last year when you were talking at this time, you were highlighting that your customer orders were shrinking in terms of when they would give them to you, the size. It became much more just-in-time, and youve been running very strong backlogs all year. Can you give us a little more color about what is behind the backlog growth? Is there a lengthening of the delivery schedules? Are people willing to give you more of the order upfront? What's changing there? 
Donald Morel: I think there is a whole host of factors. Part of it is timing, so we've got a number of large med device customers whose fiscal year ends September 30. So clearly what they were doing was managing down inventories in our third quarter, and what we received was several large bonus orders into the backlog to begin their new fiscal year, which started October 1. But weve also seen general demand increasing in areas like diabetes, which we think is very positive, as well as some of the exports that we do out of Europe into the North Africa and Middle Eastern and Eastern European countries, so, strong growth there. A little bit of it is an extension of lead times. When our factories get to the point where were running them now, which is kind of that mid-80s utilization level, you will see lead times extend a little bit. So it's so far manageable. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] With no further questions, I'd like to turn the call over back to Mr. Don Morel for any closing remarks. 
Donald Morel: Thank you very much for your time this morning. And this concludes our call for today. If you have any further questions please do not hesitate to call Mike, Bill or myself. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Great day.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-11-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Donald J. Morel, Jr.  Chairman, Chief Executive Officer William Federici  Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Michael Anderson  Vice President, Treasurer
Analysts: Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities David Windley  Jefferies & Company Derek DeBruin  UBS Securities Ross Taylor  CL King and Associates James Sidoti  Sidoti & Company  
Operator:  Good morning and welcome to the West Pharmaceutical Services Third Quarter Earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. If at any time you require operator assistance, please press star followed by zero and we will be happy to assist you. Todays conference is being recorded. If you have any objection, you may disconnect at this time. And now Id like to turn todays meeting over to Mr. John Woolford from Westwicke Partners. Sir, you may begin.
John Woolford: Thank you, Operator. Good morning and welcome to Wests Third Quarter 2010 results conference call. We issued our financial results this morning and the release has been posted in the Investor Section on the Companys website located at www.westpharma.com. If you have not received a copy of this announcement, please call Westwicke Partners at 443-213-0500 and a copy will be sent to you immediately. There is also posted on the Companys website a slide presentation that management will refer to in their remarks today. You may need additional software in order to view the .pdf formatted presentation, and a link to a free download of that software is also provided at the website. I remind you that statements will be made by management that may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. federal securities law and that are based on managements beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements that are preceded by, followed by, or that include words such as estimate, expect, intend, believe, plan, anticipate, and other words and terms of similar meaning are forward-looking statements. Wests estimated or anticipated future results, product performance or other non-historical facts are forward-looking and reflect our current perspective on existing trends and information. Many of the factors that will determine the Companys future results are beyond the ability of the Company to control or predict. These statements are subject to known or unknown risks or uncertainties and therefore actual results could differ materially from past results and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement. You should bear this in mind as you consider forward-looking statements. For a non-exclusive list of those factors which could cause actual results to differ from expectations, please refer to todays press release. Investors are also advised to consult any further disclosures the Company makes on related subjects in the Companys 10-K, 10-Q, and AK reports. Except as required by applicable securities laws, the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.  In addition, during todays call management may make reference to non-GAAP financial measures including adjusting operating profit and adjusted diluted EPS. These measures have no standardized meaning prescribed by U.S. GAAP and therefore may not be comparable to and should not be viewed as a substitute for U.S. GAAP operating income and diluted EPS. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results compared in conformity to GAAP are provided in materials accompanying this mornings earnings release. This call is being recorded on behalf of West and is copyrighted material. It cannot be rerecorded or rebroadcast without the Companys express permission. Your participation in this call implies your consent to our taping. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Don Morel, Chairman and CEO.
Donald Morel, Jr.:  Thank you, John, and good morning everyone. Welcome to Wests third quarter conference call. Joining me for the call today are Bill Federici, our Chief Financial Officer; and Mike Anderson, Wests Treasurer and primary investor relations contact. Please note that you can follow our presentation this morning via the PowerPoint slide deck uploaded on the Companys website. We will call out the slide number we are referring to during the course of our remarks. For those who are unable to view the slides during the call, they will remain available on our website and the information they contain will be covered in both the release and our remarks. Let me begin with a quick snapshot of our third quarter performance, the highlights of which are summarized on Slide No. 3. Im pleased to report that consolidated sales were quite strong, coming in at just over $271 million versus 258.9 million for the third quarter of 2009, an increase of 4.8% at actual rates or 8.7% excluding the effects of currency. The strong increase in sales is particularly noteworthy due to the fact that in the third quarter of 2009, H1N1 vaccine sales were $9.7 million which did not recur in 2010, and we also benefitted from a more favorable euro-dollar exchange rate. In effect, we had to grow other sales at a 12% rate to overcome these two issues and achieve the 5% reported gain. Our consolidated gross margin showed a slight decline of 0.2 percentage points to 27.5%, which is not unusual given the seasonal impact of planned shutdowns and the costs that we incur for preventative maintenance and the restart of production. Adjusted operating profit grew 7.7% and adjusted diluted earnings per share grew just over 2% to $0.46 per share. Excluding currency effects, adjusted diluted earnings per share were up just under 9%. Sales grew in all geographic regions within the pharmaceutical packaging system segment, increasing 5% in North America and 6% in Europe respectively, and a very strong 18% in our South America and Asia operations, excluding currency effects. Sales of value-added products such as Westar processed components, FluroTec and B2-Coating closures, in addition to our newer Envision and NovaPure product lines, were the primary revenue drivers in Europe and North America; whereas strong unit growth was the driver in India, China and South America. The double digit growth in Wests high value closure systems continued the trend observed over the last few years. The market is moving towards zero defect particulate free systems, especially for high cost biologic drugs; and our recent investments in clean room processing, ultra-clean water for injection washing systems, and vision inspection systems have been timely in meeting these requirements. In addition, demand has steadily increased in Asia and South America for our TrimTec and InsoCap IV bottle closures, which are produced in our Stolberg, Germany and now in our Qingpu, China facility. We expect the China facility, which began operations in September last year, to be profitable in 2011. Sales in the delivery system segment increased over 18% excluding the effects of currency. The increase was driven by higher demand for contract manufacturing services, higher sales of proprietary safety and reconstitution systems from Medimop and Daikyo CZ products. R&D spending in the delivery system segment for the quarter also increased by approximately $1 million as we prepare to ramp up manufacturing of samples for customer evaluation with the primary emphasis being on the 1mL CZ syringe, the ConfiDose auto injector, and the recently acquired micro-infuser technology. Overall, I am very pleased with the Companys performance during the quarter. As summarized in Slide No. 4, both the packaging and delivery system segments delivered sales gains in excess of our original expectations, resulting in consolidated sales growth of just under 9% and overcoming the absence of H1N1 revenues.  Through the first nine months of the year, sales were up 9.4% on a consolidated basis, excluding exchange effects; and adjusted diluted earnings were $1.71 per share versus $1.45 for the comparable nine-month period in 2009 on a currency-neutral basis. Turning to our key programs, the third quarter was a very active period in terms of our ongoing proprietary product development efforts. Slide No. 5 provides some highlights from the past three months. Starting with the Daikyo CZ program, we booked approximately $2.2 million worth of sales during the quarter comprised of a combination of vial and 1mL syringe sales along with design and engineering services associated with customer proprietary projects. Having completed validation of the new four-cavity production cell, we have shipped more than 90% of the 1mL syringe order booked in the second quarter. Demand for samples continues to outpace our current capacity even with the new line in operation. As I noted in our Q2 call, we are accelerating our Scottsdale investment to increase capacity as soon as possible. Customer interest in CZ as a platform technology remains quite strong. As I and others have stated on numerous occasions, CZs unique combination of attributes make it an excellent option for the packaging of high value biologic drugs. Recent FDA recalls have highlighted not only the issue of glass breakage in auto injectors but also more recently the flaking of glass vials, producing particulates in the drug solution. The inherent break-resistance of CZ and its potential stability performance give it advantages over traditional glass systems in many applications. Recently, West invited potential CZ customers to an open house at our Scottsdale facility in order to provide an update on the status of our development programs and to allow them to see first-hand the cellular manufacturing system. Included in the event were presentations on filling considerations in addition to system sterilization. The sessions were very well attended with a great deal of interactive discussion on the potential of CZ to address the emerging breakage and contamination issues being experienced with primary glass containers. I came away from the event strongly convinced that CZ is the right solution at the right time, not only for biologics but other aggressive, difficult to package drugs. Our innovation team also signed a first major development agreement for ConfiDose during the quarter. This agreement calls for small modifications to the existing design to make it suitable for the customers application and the delivery of samples for patient use trials in 2011. This was a key milestone for the program which we hope to go commercial production in 2013. Market interest in the micro-infusion system we discussed in the last quarters call also continues to be extraordinarily strong. This unique patch pump adheres to the patient much like a band-aid and can deliver a 1 to 3mL dose subcutaneously over a period of up to three hours. The technology is simple and reliable and gives the formulation scientists within our customer base more options for their active molecules. Our goal is to have a sample suitable for clinical use in the hands of key customers by the fourth quarter of 2011. Turning to our outlook, as I mentioned in the Q2 call, comparisons for the second half of 2010 with the comparable period in 2009 would be more challenging due to exchange rate volatility and the absence of H1N1 sales. Our backlog, however, has remained strong and is slightly ahead of the comparable period last year of $231 million. Taking this into account, we are anticipating Q4 earnings to be in the range of $0.45 to $0.52 per diluted share based on an exchange rate of $1.40 to the euro. This would yield full-year earnings in the range of $2.13 to $2.20. The full-year effect of currency assuming a dollar-euro conversion rate of 140, is expected to impact earnings on the order of $0.03 per share versus earlier guidance; and increased R&D spending primarily on CZ and ConfiDose, will absorb another $0.03 per share in the fourth quarter versus the prior year quarter. Looking ahead to 2011, our expectation is that consolidated sales growth will be again in the range of 3 to 5% at constant exchange rates. We expect modest unit growth in our traditional Western markets with revenue growth being driven by the continued penetration of our value-added products. Unit growth will be more robust, albeit on a lower margin, for standard products in Asia, India and South America. We expect capital expenditures to fall in the range of 120 to $140 million as we invest in capacity in China and India to serve those rapidly growing markets, in addition to continuing our investments in vision inspection and post-processing systems in Europe and North America. Also, with CZ and our other platform technologies near commercialization, we plan to increase R&D spending were prudent to speed these products to the commercial stage. We are currently in the year-end price negotiations for many of our customers, and over the next six weeks well have a much clearer picture for 2011, and as we have done historically well provide more detailed guidance, including earnings projections, in our February year-end call. Id now like to turn the call over to Bill Federici.
William Federici: Thank you, Don, and good morning everyone. Before I get into my comments, we understand that there was a technical problem with the slide presentation. It is now fixed. The slides are up on the website so if you had trouble getting in, please try again. We issued our third quarter results this morning, reporting net income of $17.8 million or $0.51 per diluted share versus the $0.50 per diluted share we reported in the third quarter of 2009. As explained in the release, results in both periods included restructuring charges and several discrete tax items. Excluding the effect of these items in both periods, third quarter 2010 earnings were $0.46 per diluted share versus the $0.45 per diluted share we earned in Q3 2009. That earnings growth was achieved despite last years quarter having about $10 million in non-recurring H1N1 sales with an approximate $0.07 earnings contribution, and the current quarters results being negatively affected by $0.03 of currency translation.  Turning to consolidated sales, Slide 6 shows the components of our consolidated sales increase. Consolidated sales grew by $12.5 million to 271.4 million, an 8.7% increase over Q3 2009 sales, excluding exchange. Volume and mix contributed $20.5 million or 7.9 percentage points of the increase. Price increases contributed $1.3 million, or half a percentage point; and acquisitions in 2010 contributed $700,000 or 3/10ths of a percentage point of the increase. Slide 7 details the third quarters increase in packaging systems sales. On an ex-currency basis, sales increased 5.1% driven by a favorable product mix and modest price and volume increases. Sales increases were strong in all of our geographic regions when excluding exchange impacts. Sales were higher despite the nearly $10 million of Q3 2009 H1N1 component sales which were not repeated in the current quarter. High value product sales increased 14% to $75 million versus Q3 2009 with the most significant increases this quarter in FluroTec coating and Envision inspected components. Standard product sales were about 1% higher than the prior year at $100 million, excluding currency, and sales of disposable medical device components were relatively flat at approximately $25 million. Slide 8 shows the factors driving the $10.8 million or 15.4% increase in delivery system sales. Our proprietary product sales increased almost $1t million in the quarter, an increase of nearly 33% over prior year same quarter sales, excluding currency effects, and included about $2 million of CZ product sales and about $10 million of reconstitution product sales. Contract manufacturing sales increased by approximately 15% to $67 million due to increased sales of devices used in healthcare applications such as auto injection pens, an increased demand for disposable healthcare products, including those used in inflation and diagnostic applications.  Excluding acquisitions made since the third quarter of 09 and currency effects, delivery system sales increased by 17.2% over Q3 2009 sales.  Slide 9 shows our consolidated gross profit, adjusted operating profit, currency impact, and FX-neutral growth rates. Our gross profit excluding exchange increased 7.5%, driven mostly by favorable volume and product mix, improved plant efficiencies, and modest price increases. The increases were partially offset by increased raw material costs, labor, plant overhead, and higher depreciation expense. Adjusted operating profit, which eliminates non-recurring items from each quarter, increased by 15% excluding exchange effects, reflecting the increased gross profit offset by increased R&D spending on critical development programs and an increase in SG&A expense. Slide 10 shows the detail of our consolidated third quarter 20 basis point gross margin decline. Packaging systems gross profit margin declined by 70 basis points to 30.5% due primarily to material price increases, labor increases, and higher plant overhead costs. These increased costs were largely offset by improved efficiencies due to higher plant loads, modest price increases, and a favorable volume and mix. Packaging systems current third quarter results reflect a more typical summer operating quarter than Q3 2009. Delivery systems gross profit margin increased by 230 basis points to 20%, driven by increased volumes, an improved sales mix, and improved plant efficiencies that more than offset the increased raw material and other manufacturing costs. We continue to expect that both segments full-year 2010 gross margins will increase versus 2009 due to continued favorable volume and mix, continued modest pricing, and mean savings. Slide 11 shows the changes in consolidated SG&A expenses. The overall increase in the current quarter over the prior year quarter was due to increase compensation expense, higher outside service expenses, much of which related to increased sales commissions, and increased depreciation. Largely offsetting the increases were the effect of the decline in stock-based compensation expense and a decrease in pension expense versus the prior year quarter. As a percentage of sales, SG&A expenses declined from 17.1% in the third quarter of 09 to 16.5% in Q3 2010. R&D expenses increased by $800,000 versus the prior year quarter due to increased spending on our development projects including Crystal Zenith prefilled syringe systems, our micro-infusion system, and ConfiDose, our auto injector. Slide 12 shows our summary balance sheet information. Our balance sheet remains strong and were confident that our business will continue to provide necessary liquidity. On a year-to-date basis, our debt declined by $9 million due to debt repayments of $4.7 million and with currency providing the remainder of the decrease.  Working capital increased by $57 million from the prior year end due mostly to increased cash, accounts receivable, inventories, and a reduction in accounts payable. AR increased by $4 million as a result of increased sales. Our days sales outstanding improved slightly versus the prior year-end at 47.1 days. Inventories increased by $19 million due to higher levels of strategic stocks of certain raw materials. The $8 million decrease in accounts payable reflects reduced levels of capital spending resulting in lower accounts payable at the end of the third quarter compared to the prior year-end. Slide 13 shows our key cash flow metrics. We generated year-to-date operating cash flows of $91 million, $6 million better than prior year, reflecting our higher net earnings. Capital spending has been almost $30 million less year-to-date in 2010 due to the relatively high 2009 spending on our China facility and our European expansion, both of which were essentially completed in the third quarter of 2009. Of the $49.8 million of year-to-date CAPEX, about half was focused on maintenance capital with the remainder focused on IT system upgrades and new product and expansion efforts. We are updating our full-year guidance, which is summarized on Slide 14. We have based our revised guidance on an exchange rate of $1.40 per euro for the remainder of 2010, reflecting current rates and representing a relative weakening of the dollar versus the $1.30 per euro used in our previous guidance. This revised currency outlook has a favorable affect on our EPS of $0.03 per share versus the previous guidance.  In addition to the currency effects, we have revised our fourth quarter and full-year guidance to reflect our actual third quarter results and our revised outlook for sales and products mix in the fourth quarter. Comparisons of Q4 2010 versus the Q4 2009 period will be less favorable due to adverse currency comps and the substantial non recurring H1N1 sales which contributed about $0.09 of EPS in the fourth quarter of 2009. The aggregate adverse currency impact on EPS for Q4 2010 versus Q4 2009 is expected to be $0.03 per share at actual exchange rates. R&D expenses are expected to be $0.03 higher in this years fourth quarter due to increased spending on our critical development programs.  Our backlog remains strong at $231 million, which is $6 million higher than our year-end backlog and September 2009 backlog levels, excluding exchange. The fourth quarter order book is relatively full but visibility remains limited as a result of shorter lead times and still more frequent but smaller orders. We expect full-year CAPEX to be in the range of $80 million to $90 million at the assumed exchange rates. Id now like to turn the call back over to Don Morel. Don?
Donald Morel, Jr.: Thanks very much, Bill. As outlined in our commentary, the Company delivered a stronger than anticipated third quarter; and overall, the first nine months of 2010 have been very strong. Sales have increased over 9% and earnings 18% on a currency-neutral, fully diluted adjusted basis. We carefully managed our capital expenditures and discretionary SG&A while increasing R&D where appropriate. Our innovation team has achieved several significant milestones on key development programs, setting the stage for the Company to deliver sustainable growth over the next five years. This concludes our commentary for this morning and we would now be pleased to answer any questions you might have. Operator? 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, if you have a question please press star followed by one on your phone. If your question has been answered or you would like to withdraw your question, press star followed by two. Questions will be taken in the order received. Please press star, one to begin. Our first question comes from the line of Arnie Ursaner with CJS Securities. Please proceed. Mr. Ursaner? 
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: Sorry, I had it on mute. Good morning. My question relates to your margin guidance in the pharma segmentpackaging segment. You obviously have a lot more of the value added productsin fact, you didnt even mention Westar RU, which I think is just beginning to roll out with some customers; and yet, despite that you highlighted the fact that some costssome operating costs are impacting your margin. Could you expand a little bit on the mix you have going into Q4 and what actions youre taking to reduce some of the operating expenses?
William Federici: Yeah, thanks Arnie. If youone thing we need to remember, again, and we called it outDon called it out, is that the comps to the final two quarters of 2009 are much more difficult. If you remember, we had kind of a backwards, atypical view of the quarters in 2009 versus what we normally see. And this year, 2010 is more normal. All that said, we do continue to see an increase in the high value products. We continue to see that strategy of sellingof higher margins and higher revenues on the same number of units, which fits in nicely to the biologic space and the high end vaccine space, is continuing and we do expect that to do continue to grow. However, when you look at the cost side of the equation and you compare it to 2009, there are some challenges there. One, obviously, is currency and weve talked about that already. Another is raw material prices and we have ain 2009 in the back half, we were still benefiting from raw material prices which were actually running favorable to what they had been to the prior year. That has changed now and we are seeing the impactthe negative impact. We saw it in the third quarter of 2010 and we will continue to see in the fourth quarter of 2010 versus the comparable period. That is ayou know, normal increases in wage rates and overhead, increased depreciation which is driving off of our capital expenditures over the last few years, those are all items that are having an impact on the gross margin.
Donald Morel, Jr.: And on the Westar UR side, Arnie, thats a situation where the conversions are probably going to mirror the uptake of Westar RS. You may recall the slide we showed at the investor day back in May where you have an introductory period of a couple years. People start to use it and then the ramp up starts to take off. In this particular case going to the RU, the customers have to do a regulatory filing. The FDA evaluates the filing for the change. They have to respond within a certain period of time and then the customer can go forward. So we havent heard anything to indicate that theyve asked for additional information, and our expectation is that RU use, given the cleanliness demands of the industry, will slowly ramp up over the next couple of years.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: And to the extent that occurs, I assume that has a noticeable impact on your margin?
Donald Morel, Jr.: It will have an impact on our margin again offset, as Bill indicated, by some of the other things. But yes, it should have a positive impact on our margin.
William Federici: Its better than the average margin in packaging systems.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: Okay. For modeling purposes, can you give us a little more specific information on what you expect to spend on R&D this year, and what youre now expecting to spend next year for R&D?
William Federici: Well, we wont talk about next year, as we discussed, until the February call; but this year we are expecting to spend $25 million on all of our R&D programs, and thats up roughly $5 million from the 20 million that we spent last year.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: Okay. My final question relates to your general guidance regarding 2011, and there are a couple of moving parts within that. In the 3 to 5% revenue growth, could you comment specifically about whatI know youre in pricing negotiations and mentioned modest volume improvement in the mature markets. Perhaps you could tell us what growth you expect in the emerging markets, and do you expect positive pricing generally in the negotiations given your higher costs?
Donald Morel, Jr.: I dont know where the pricing negotiations are going to come out, quite honestly. Weve gotwere into it about six weeks. It affects about half of our business between Europe and North America. And given the pressures in the market, I think were in a good position but well have to see where it comes out. I think the unit growth is going to be stronger in Asia, as I commented. Historically over the last couple of years in China and India, weve seen close to 20, 25% growth in each one of those markets independently, albeit off of a slow base. A fortunate thing is weve seen stronger growth in South America which is a larger base overall. We do about 35 million down there. So those are the markets that are growing in terms of unit volume. Again, in the Western markets, we think that its going to be driven by the continued uptake of the value-added products, not so much by unit growth.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: Ill jump back in the queue. Thank you.
Donald Morel, Jr.:  Thanks, Arnie.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dave Windley with Jefferies & Company. Please proceed.
David Windley  Jefferies & Company: Hi, thanks. Good morning. 
Donald Morel, Jr.: Good morning, David.
David Windley  Jefferies & Company: It sounds like your CZ uptake, or interest levels sound higher, continue to proceed somewhat ahead of expectations. Uptake sounds good. Im wondering if you are, or if you did and I missed it, updating your revenue expectations for CZ for 2010, and are you making any comment about how thats going to roll out in 2011?
Donald Morel, Jr.: No change for 2010. Revenues probably in the 5.5 to $6 million range for CZ overall, and we will give you an update on 2011 when we get to February. You know, I think the positive things are that out of this open house, its very clear that interest in an alternative to glass is out there for the bio guys. The recalls have kind of highlighted the issues with glass in terms of breakage and in some cases the flaking that has been seen inside the vials. So we think CZ is ideally suited to meet both of those problems and obviously the comments that were receiving back from our customers are still very positive. No change in the sampling activity, so thats been very strong as well. So all in all, very pleased with where were at. We just need first uptake in the market.
David Windley  Jefferies & Company: Can you comment on the breadth of customer sampling that youre seeing? I know you said youre working with a lot. Can you put a number on it?
Donald Morel, Jr.: If you take the list of the Top 20 biologics that are currently sold in the market and look at whos producing those, all of them are currently in some stage of evaluating CZ. There are some that are a little bit further behind. There are some that are running line trials and formal stability, so. If you are a producer of biologics, the odds are very strong that youre evaluating the CZ opportunity.
David Windley  Jefferies & Company: Okay. And then finally from a cycle time standpoint, from the sampling activities to moving forward to some commercial productyou mentioned briefly just a second ago need first uptake. Give me some insight into the cycle time there. Whats the selling cycle?
Donald Morel, Jr.: It mirrors our packaging components, really, because the CZ is the primary container so the customer is required to do formal stability and submit that data as part of their supplement or as part of their application, and that period is two years. So for customers that are in formal stability now, ideally they would receive a favorable response sometime in the late 2012 time frame, and I think weve commented publicly that our expectation is that well see moderate volume increases in 2012 towards the end, depending on timing, and that the ramp up with first commercialreal commercial production would occur in 2013. And thats still the timeline were looking to.
David Windley  Jefferies & Company: Okay. And then just one other question on the ConfiDose, in your prepared remarks you mentioned an opportunity to commercialize in 2013. I dont think I understood if that was a broad statement about ConfiDose and the timing of meaningful revenue there, or if that was a particular opportunity targeted for ConfiDose.
Donald Morel, Jr.: No, it was a broad statement relative to ConfiDose.
David Windley  Jefferies & Company: So youre thinking you dont really see uptake there until 2013?
Donald Morel, Jr.: I would say that well see uptake in terms of opportunities broadly through 2011 and 2012. I think were being a little bit conservative. But 2013 for us is the most likely point at which well see high volume production.
David Windley  Jefferies & Company: Okay. Thank you.
Donald Morel, Jr.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Derek DeBruin with UBS. Please go ahead.
Derek DeBruin  UBS Securities:  Hi, good morning.
Donald Morel, Jr.: Good morning, Derek.
Derek DeBruin  UBS Securities: Hey. Bill, so the pension costs were down this quarter and I guess you expect the pension costs to continue to fall since the markets been a little bit better than expected.
William Federici: Yeah, I thinkand to comment on 2010, those costs are basically locked in at this point, so we will continue to see in the fourth quarter of 2010 a decrease versus the fourth quarter of 2009. In 2011, that will depend if you recognizewe all recognize how the pension expense works. It is driven off of the actuarys valuation as of December 31, 2010. Yes, the asset values have increased but interest rates are lower; so when you take a look at the liability, the present value of that liability stream on the pension, it may actually increase versusin fact, we expect it to increase versus 2010, resulting in some increase in the expense for 2011. Now, all that said, were not giving guidance right now but it just gives you directionally, if youre trying to understand where the pension expense is going to go for 2011. And if interest rates change between now and the end of the year, if they may rise, that may abate a little bit.
Derek DeBruin  UBS Securities: Great. I know youre not going to give specific numbers on R&D spend, but is it safe to assume that youre going to beits going to be at least flat to up in 2011?
William Federici: Absolutely.
Donald Morel, Jr.: Yeah.
Derek DeBruin  UBS Securities: Okay. Your tax rate was a little bit lower this quarter than I thought. Isyou know, what are you looking for the full year tax number?
William Federici: Right now were looking at about 24% - 24.2, I think, is where we are for the full year. That could change if there is aif the R&D extender bill gets passed, but at this point we are expecting 24.2%.
Derek DeBruin  UBS Securities: And is, I guess, 24, 25 range pretty safe number going forward?
William Federici: Yeah. We dontother than thethe one thing thats a wild card there is the change in geographic mix of the earnings. I mean, if its higher in our low tax jurisdictions, it helps us. If its higher in our high tax jurisdictions, it hurts us. But we will be looking at that closely as we get towards the end of the year.
Derek DeBruin  UBS Securities: And talking of emerging markets, you mentioned that some of the margins are lower in some of the EMs. I guesswhats the delt on that? And where ultimately do you see your share in the emerging markets go  I mean, as a percentage of revenues, where you think youre going to go?
Donald Morel, Jr.: Yeah, actually our margins are pretty solid in both India and China. Theyre a little bit better than our average gross margin for the pharmaceutical packaging systems. Because the competitive landscape there is much more intense with the local producers, our goal is to basically build our share in the high value-added part of the segment, not to compete in the lower margin bulk drugs. And our expectation is that we will get to a fairly substantial part of that market. I mean, we do have some fairly unique technologies that give us an advantage. Overall, I would say the growth expectations are going to be mirroring what weve seen over the last couple of years there. The big issue is getting the right capacity in place because we will be out of capacity in Singapore sometime in the 2012  2013 timeframe, hence the investments in China in the rubber facility, which we hope to break ground on next year, and looking at the India equation. So we have high expectations for those markets.
William Federici: And again, Derek, just a reminder that its off a small base. Were at about 25 million in sales this year, 2010, for India and China.
Derek DeBruin  UBS Securities: Great. Thats the number I was looking for. Great. Thanks a lot, guys.
Donald Morel, Jr.: Thanks, Derek.
William Federici: Youre welcome, Derek.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Taylor with CL King. Please proceed.
Ross Taylor  CL King and Associates: Hi. I had a couple questions
Donald Morel, Jr.: Hi Ross.
William Federici: Good morning, Ross.
Ross Taylor  CL King and Associates: Hi. How are you all doing?
Donald Morel, Jr.: Good.
Ross Taylor  CL King and Associates: A couple questions about 2011, to the extent you can respond. But in terms of your revenue outlook, can you give any color on which segment you would expect to grow faster or slower, or just any color on the organic growth youd expect from pharm packaging versus pharm delivery?
Donald Morel, Jr.: Yeah, I think well see in that kind of low to mid-single digit overall on the pharmaceutical packaging side of the business. The contract part is very hard to project. You know, weve seen good growth there this year during the quarter. We havent seen growth like this, I dont think, in the last couple of quarters out of the contract side of the business. Weve got a lot of ups and downs that were going to be dealing with due to the FDA and their actions relative to some new products coming to market, as well as some other products on the market. So well have a much clearer picture when we get to February. Weve got an awful lot going on through November and through December in both Europe and North America in that regard, so Ill be able to give you a more definitive answer when we get to the February call.
Ross Taylor  CL King and Associates: Okay. And also regards the gross margin next year, I mean, generally speaking would you expect the product mix to be some benefit there, so we might see some expansion in gross margin next year?
Donald Morel, Jr.: Yes.
William Federici: Absolutely, Ross.
Ross Taylor  CL King and Associates: Okay. And final question  did I hear you say that CAPEX next year would be in a range of 120 to 140 million? And I think also as part of that, you said thered be increased investments in China and India; and I dont know if you could give any color on what some of those investments might be in terms of size or opportunity.
Donald Morel, Jr.: Yeah again, its a matter of getting the right footprint in the right location. So I think Bill highlighted that this year, CAPEX would probably fall in the 80 to 90 million range versus our original guidance. The large delta there is due to our delay in executing the China rubber project and getting our preparatory work for India. So our expectation in 11 is that we will break ground on the China rubber facility and begin that work, and progress our efforts in India with regard to planning and site selection. And the key drivers there, again, are that we are seeing robust unit growth in both of those markets. Weve historically supplied them out of Singapore. We completed that expansion, which was started back in 07 and 08, last year, the early part of last year; and if demand continues in those markets on the same trajectory, then well be out of capacity by 12, 13. And again, if you think about the timeline for getting equipment in, running the validation trials on that equipment, sampling the customer, and then getting the customers approval, if we break ground next year we hope to be in a position to supply in 2013. But we have to deal with that regulatory lag between when the capital goes in and when were actually allowed to do commercial sales.
Ross Taylor  CL King and Associates: Okay, thats very helpful. Thank you.
Donald Morel, Jr.: Thank you.
William Federici: Thank you, Ross.
Operator: Again ladies and gentlemen, that is star, one if you have a question. And our next question comes from the line of James Sidoti with Sidoti & Company. Please proceed.
James Sidoti  Sidoti & Company: Good morning. Can you hear me?
Donald Morel, Jr.: Good morning, Jim.
James Sidoti  Sidoti & Company: Okay, just a follow-up on the R&D. I think you said that you were going toyou expected to ramp up to about 25 million this year, which means it will be up about $2 million in the fourth quarter. Is that primarily the CZ project or is that spread across multiple projects?
William Federici: Its spread across multiple projects, and the three main ones are CZ, obviously ConfiDose, and the micro-infusion systems.
James Sidoti- Sidoti & Company: Okay. And out of those three projects, do you expect any of them to give you any material sales in 2011, or are those longer term?
Donald Morel, Jr.: ConfiDose and the micro-infuser are longer term. Youll see smaller revenues off of those through the development agreements we signed with our customers where they risk-share the R&D part of it. CZ sales, we believe, will increase. We dont have a firm handle on that yet, but certainly those revenues will begin to ramp up 11, 12 going forward. But the real commercial ramp, againthe ramp in 11 will be continued sampling activity and vial activity. The real ramp comes when we get first commercial production of the 1mL CZ syringe.
William Federici: And if you missed it, Jim, the CZ sales number is somewhere between 5 and $6 million.
James Sidoti  Sidoti & Company: Right, right. I saw that. But, I meanso your ramp-up for the 5.5 to 6 million, but still probably not real material based on your revenue (inaudible).
William Federici: Absolutely. Absolutely correct.
James Sidoti  Sidoti & Company: Okay, so of those three projects, CZ is the nearest-term one, though?
William Federici: Yes.
Donald Morel, Jr.: Absolutely.
James Sidoti  Sidoti & Company: Okay. Thank you.
William Federici: Youre welcome.
Donald Morel, Jr.: Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude todays question and answer session. I would now like to turn the call back to Mr. Don Morel for closing comments.
Donald Morel, Jr.: Thank you very much, Operator. This concludes our commentary for today. Thank you very much for your time.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-08-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: John Woolford - Westwicke Partners Don Morel, Chairman and CEO Bill Federici - CFO Mike Anderson - Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Dave Windley - Jefferies & Company Derek DeBruin - UBS Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities
Operator: Welcome to the West Pharmaceutical Services Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions) Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objection, you may disconnect at this time. Now, I will like to turn today's meeting over to John Woolford from Westwicke Partners. Sir, you may begin.
John Woolford: Good morning, everyone and welcome to West's second quarter 2010 results conference call. We issued our financial results this morning and the release has been posted in the investor section on the company's website located at www.westpharma.com. If you have not received a copy of this announcement, please call Westwicke Partners at 443-213-0500 and a copy will be sent to you immediately. There is also posted on the company's website, a slide presentation that management will refer to in their remarks today. The presentation is in PDF format and you may need to download appropriate software in order to view the presentation. A link to a free download of that software is provided at the website. Before we begin, I remind you that statements being made by management may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of US Federal Securities Law and that are based on management's beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements that are preceded by, followed by, or that include, words such as estimate, expect, intend, believe, plan, anticipate and other words and terms of similar meaning are forward-looking statements. West's estimated or anticipated future results, product performance or other non-historical facts are forward-looking and reflect our current perspective on existing trends and information. Many of the factors that will determine the companys future results are beyond the ability of the company to control or predict. These statements are subject to known or unknown risks or uncertainties, and therefore, actual results could differ materially from past results and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement. You should bear this in mind as you consider forward-looking statements. For a non-exclusive list of those factors, which could cause actual results to differ from expectations, please refer today's press release. Investors are also advised to consult any further disclosures the company makes on related subjects in the company's 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In addition, during today's call management may make reference to non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted operating profits and adjusted diluted EPS. These measures have no standardized meaning prescribed by US GAAP and therefore, they may not be comparable to and should not be viewed as a substitute for US GAAP operating income and diluted EPS. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in materials accompanying this morning's earnings release. Again, this call is being recorded on behalf of West and is copyrighted material. It cannot be rerecorded or rebroadcast without the company's expressed permission. Your participation in this call implies your consent to our taping. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Dr. Don Morel, Chairman and CEO.
Don Morel: Thanks you very much, John, and good morning everyone. Welcome to West second quarter conference call. Joining me for the call today are Bill Federici, West's Chief Financial Officer; and Mike Anderson, our Treasurer and primary Investor Relations contact. Please note that we are using a PowerPoint slide deck that could aid in our discussion this morning. We hope this slide to help you follow our commentary and we will call out the slide number we are referring to during the course of our remarks. For those who are unable to view the slides during the call, the information they contain is covered in both the release and our remarks. In keeping with our usual agenda, I will begin with an overview of our second quarter results, give an update on several ongoing development programs and summarize our outlook for the remainder of the year. Bill will then discuss our financials in greater detail. There are three points to capture, where we are at six months end of the year. First, on a positive note, we had a very good first half. Sales growth was a little ahead of our expectations and demand continues to be strong in both operating segments. Second, the steep rise in the dollar versus the euro during the second quarter and non-recurring H1N1 sales in the second half of the year, when they comparison to 2009 difficult, and finally we are beginning to see tangible results from our investments in our key new product development programs notably the CZ 1 mL syringe and Confidose Auto-injector System. I will provide a little more detail on this program in just a moment. Turning to our second quarter results on Slide number three, West reported revenues of $281.8 million for the quarter representing growth of 8% versus the second quarter of 2009, excluding the effects of currency and contributions from acquisitions; revenue growth was approximately 8.3% on a consolidated basis. Fully adjusted diluted earnings increased by 10% over the second quarter of 2009 to $0.64 per share, or consolidated gross margin was 29.5% representing a decline of 0.7 percentage points in the prior year and resulted largely from the impact of the acquired businesses within the segment. Our operating margin was 11% for the quarter on our adjusted earnings and down slightly from the 11.1% reported in the second quarter of 2009. In the Pharmaceutical Packaging Systems segment, sales increased 5.7%, or 8% excluding exchange effect driven by gains in each geographic operating regions and favorable product mix. Established value-added products such as Westar process components and FluroTec coated closures continue to show healthy growth, even as the next-generation of products like Envision and NovaGuard begin to secure products portfolio. Our customers clearly see the value proposition in these components as the broader market continues to play some emphasis on biotherapeutics is evidenced by recent M&A among our larger customers and the continued in-licensing of early stage content. Overall I am very pleased with the performance of the packaging segment, which on top of the reported sales gains also showed an improved gross margin, we would have achieved an expanded operating margin of currency translation and increased R&D spending of roughly $0.5 million. These investments in products like Westar RU and NovaPure will ensure that we solidify our market leading position with injectable packaging systems that meet the requirements of an evermore demanding global regulatory environment. Sales in the delivery system segment increased 8.6% excluding the effects of currency and sales gains from acquisition. The increase was driven by higher demand for contract manufacturing services serving the healthcare consumables and consumer market, in addition to higher sales of proprietary safety and reconstitution systems as well as Daikyo CZ products. Overall the contract manufacturing sector continues to be challenging in two fronts, pricing pressure on existing business and the competitive landscape for new programs. Our sales in proprietary products grew nicely in the quarter and now comprised 20% of the delivery system segment revenues. As we have stated in the past, our goals generate 50% of revenues in this segment from proprietary West systems by the end of 2014. R&D spending in the device segment also increased by $0.5 million as we prepared to ramp up manufacturing of samples for customer evaluation with primary emphasis being on the 1 mL CZ syringe and the Confidose Auto-injector. We planned further increase R&D spending on these key projects in the second half of the year to accelerate commercial entry into the market. Overall, there was a solid quarter for both segments despite the volatile environment with revenues up 8% and 10% increase in per share earnings on a consolidated basis. In terms of our key development program, the second quarter was one of considerable progress is highlighted on Slide number four. Starting with Daikyo CZ programs, we completed engineering validation runs on the new four-cavity production cell and are now manufacturing and delivering product from these cell to our customers for stability and clinical filling trials. More importantly, we booked our first large scale order for the 1 mL syringe and expect to ship several hundred thousand units by the end of the year. We have also booked orders from a range of customers for traditional 5 mL and 100 mL vials manufactured by Daikyo and have started a number of customer funded projects to evaluate custom designed container that can be integrated into different delivery devices. One of the engineering advantages of CZ versus glass is that it can be molded into highly complex shapes with tighter tolerances. Also for the year, we expect CZ sales to exceed $5 million, however the best sign of the market's interest is in the breadth and scope of the customer funded programs currently underway. As a result of rapidly growing customer requirements, we have begun the expansion of our Scottsdale production facility ahead of the original plan with the goal of being in a position to produce commercial quantities of the 1 mL syringe by mid 2012. The proprietary West Auto-Injector platform, Confidose, is finding a unique niche among applications requiring delivery of highly viscous drug. We anticipate finalizing several large scale development agreements in the several months, which involve customized designs and manufacturing of units for human use trials and clinical evaluation. The potential also exists to provide CZ based containers for use in the Confidose system to further mitigate the risk of breakage inside the device during use. The delivery systems group also completed one small technology acquisition in July, which will form the basis for a novel platform that can deliver a moderate volume of drug over a long period of time. This system can be easily customized depending on the volume of the drug to be delivered and the timeframe over which delivery must take place, which can be up to several hours. We have already signed our first customer funded development agreement for the device and based on market interest anticipate having at least one more completed before year end. The level of market interest in all of these platforms grew strongly during the quarter, and we achieved several key milestones. We remain fully on track to achieve our growth objectives for these products, beginning most importantly with commercialization of the 1 mL Daikyo CZ syringe. Looking ahead, as I mentioned earlier, comparisons for the second half of 2010 with comparable period of 2009, will be more challenging due to several factors, continued currency fluctuation, year end inventory adjustments by our customers, planned increases in R&D spending within the delivery system segment, and the absence of revenues to fully replaced non-recurring H1N1 sales, which contributed roughly $22 million in the second half of 2009. Consequently, we have adjusted our full year earnings expectations to $2.08 to $2.20 per fully diluted share. The full year of effective currency assuming a dollar-euro conversion rate of 130, is expected to impact earnings on the order of $0.11 per share versus earlier guidance and a planned increase in R&D spending, primarily on CZ and Confidose will absorb another $0.04 per share in the near-term, which should generate significant sales opportunities. In the Pharmaceutical Package Segment, we are holding a revenue guidance despite the impact of the stronger dollar, where as we have slightly lowered our revenue expectations in the delivery systems segment, primarily due to visibility within the contract operation, and the difficulty in forecasting when large development programs will be formerly under contract. I realized there are many moving thesis at the mid-point of the year, but key takeaways are as follows, the Pharmaceutical Packaging Systems business is performing right in line with our expectation. The third quarter order book is filling up, and on-going demand remains robust. However, due to the on-going trend of reduced lead times, and smaller order quantities, we do not have our historic visibility in to the fourth quarter, although, our expectation at this point in time is that it will fill in over the next two months. Outside of currency effects, we anticipate the segment being on planned for the year. For the longer term, we see nothing that would impair our ability to achieve our stated objective for this business of generating approximately $1 billion in revenue by the end of 2014. Within the delivery system segment, we expect revenues to be marginally down versus our original expectation. However, we have achieved the key milestones of securing the first large scale of CZ production order and to accelerating our capacity build at our Scottsdale facility to meet forecasted demand. Finally, although predicting the timing of revenues generated from customers funded development program is difficult and greatly encouraged by the level of customer interest and commitment to the development of our major platform. I would now like to turn the call over to Bill for more in-depth look at our Q2 numbers. Bill?
Bill Federici: We issued our second quarter results this morning reporting net income of $21.7 million or $0.62 per diluted share versus the $0.57 per diluted share we reported in Q2, 2009. As explained in the release, results in both periods included restructuring charges and the results of this years quarter also included some discrete tax charges. Excluding the effect of those items in both period second quarter 2010 earnings were $0.64 per diluted share versus $0.58 per diluted share in Q2 2009, a 10% year-over-year increase. The growth rate was achieved despite the current quarters results being negatively effective by $0.03 of currency translation. Slide five of our accompanying PowerPoint presentation shows the components of our consolidated sales increase. Consolidated sales grew by almost $21 million to $281.8 million, a 10.2% increase over Q2 2009 sales excluding exchange. Volume and mix contributed $20.2 million, or 7.8 percentage points to the increase, acquisitions we have made since Q2 2009 contributed $4.9 million, or 1.9 percentage points, and price increases contributed $1.3 million, or 50 basis points of the increase. Slide six details the second quarters $10.8 million, or 5.7% increase in packaging system sales. On an ex-currency basis, sales increased 8% driven by volume increases, a favorable product mix and modest price increases. Sales increases were strong in all our geographic regions with the European region supplying the majority of the increase, when excluding exchange impact. High value product sales increased almost 25% to $76 million versus Q2 2009 with the most significant increases this quarter in Westar-treated and FluroTec coated components. Standard product sales were about 2% lower than the prior year at $101 million and sales of disposal medical device components increased by about 8% to $28 million. Slide seven shows the factors driving the $9.9 million, or 13.7% increase in delivery systems sales. Our Proprietary product sales increased to almost $16 million in the quarter, including $4.7 million of sales associated with our July 2009 Plastef acquisition. Excluding acquisition effects proprietary product sales increased approximately 20%. Contract manufacturing sales increased by 5% to $66 million due to increased sales of devices used in healthcare applications such as auto injection pen and increased volumes for selected products in the consumer unit. Excluding acquisitions and currency effect, delivery systems sales increased by 8.6%. Slide eight shows our consolidated gross profit, adjusted operating profit, currency impact and FX neutral growth rates. Our gross profit excluding exchange increased 7.9% driven mostly by modest price increases, favorable volume and product mix and improved plant efficiencies that were offset by increased raw material cost, labor overhead and depreciation expense. Adjusted operating profit which eliminates the restructuring charges from each quarter increased by 11% reflecting the increased gross profit and the effectiveness of our SG&A cost controls. Slide nine, shows the details of our consolidated second quarter, 70 basis point gross profit margin decline. Packaging systems Q2 2010 gross margin was higher than the corresponding 2009 margin, partially offsetting the decline in delivery systems gross margin. Packaging systems gross profit margin increased by 50 basis points to 33.6% driven by modest price increases and favorable volume and mix as a large portion of the sales increase was for our high value coated and Westar processed components. We also saw improved efficiencies due to higher plant loads during the quarter, especially in Europe. These increases more than offset increased raw material labor and depreciation expense. Delivery systems gross profit margin declined to 19.1% as a result of increased raw material and other costs, the sales of our acquired businesses being essentially breakeven at the margin line and lower sales prices under a mature manufacturing agreement. These are partially offset by increased volumes and product mix. We continue to expect that both segments' full-year 2010 gross margins will increase versus 2009 due to continued favorable volume and mix, with an increased pricing, lean savings and savings from our restructuring program. Slide 10 shows the changes in consolidated SG&A expenses. As I previously mentioned, the cost controls we implemented earlier in the year continue to limit increases in our SG&A expense. The overall increase was $750,000 over the prior year quarter aided by the decline in stock-based compensation expense due to our reduced share price in the quarter. Additionally, increases in depreciation related to our IT upgrades, outside service expenses and compensation costs were partially offset by reduced pension expense. As a percentage of sales, SG&A expenses declined from 17.3% in the second quarter of '09 to 16.3% in the second quarter 2010. R&D expenses increased by $1 million versus the prior year quarter due to increased spending on our various development projects including our Crystal Zenith prefilled syringe system and Confidose, our auto-injector. Slide 11 shows our summary balance sheet information. Our balance sheet remained strong and our business continues to provide necessary liquidity. We made year-to-date net debt repayments of $5.2 million and currency translation provided the remainder of the $22 million debt decline. Working capital increased by $19 million from year-end due to most of the increases in accounts receivable and inventory. Accounts receivable increased by $7 million and inventory increased by $14 million. Our receivable collections metrics improved slightly from the prior year-end levels to 47.4 days. Inventories increased due to higher levels of strategic stocks of certain raw materials, including advance purchases to manage expected changes in material pricing. We completed the refinancing of our revolving credit facility in the quarter. Our new $225 million facility has a $50 million recording feature and a four-year maturity. With interest at LIBOR plus a margin ranging from 175 to 275 basis points depending on our leverage ratio. Slide 12 shows our key cash flow metrics. We generated year-to-date operating cash flows of $43.1 million, $3 million lower than the prior year. The decrease versus the prior year is due to increases in working capital partially offset by $2 million less in pension contributions in 2010. Capital spending was about $16 million less year-to-date in 2010 due to the relatively high 2009 spending on our China facility and our European expansion, both of those projects were completed in the third quarter of 2009. Of the $32.6 millions of year-to-date capital, about half was focused on maintenance capital with the remainder focused on IT systems upgrades and new product and expansion efforts. We are updating our full year guidance, which is summarized on Slide 13. We have based our revised guidance on an exchange rate of $1.30 per euro for the remainder of 2010 reflecting current rates and representing a relative strengthening of the dollar versus the $1.36 per euro using our previous guidance. This revised currency outlook has an unfavorable effect on our EPS of $0.11 per share versus the previous guidance. That change is larger than expected, relative to the change in the euro-US dollar rate primarily because of lower US dollar value of some cross currency sales of proprietary products and the higher rate volatility in the first half of the year. We expect that the US dollar-euro rate will continue to impact certain cross currency sales and profitability. In addition to the adverse currency effects, we now expect to spend approximately $0.04 more of EPS on our critical product development initiatives based on strong customer interests in those programs. Our gross margin guidance has been reduced to reflect the general lack of Q4 visibility and a more cautious outlook of product mix in the second half of 2010. Comparisons of our second half 2010 versus the same 2009 period will be less favorable due to adverse currency comps and substantial non-recurring H1N1 sales which contributed about $0.16 of EPS for the second half of 2009. The aggregate average currency translation impact on EPS for the second half of 2010 is expected to be between $0.10 and $0.12 per share versus the second half of 2009 at current exchange rates. The effect of these items are expected to have greater impact in Q4 than Q3. Our backlog remains strong at $227 million which is $10 million higher than our year-end backlog and $7.5 million higher than June 2009 levels excluding currency. The third quarter order book is relatively full but visibility into the fourth quarter remains less predictable as a result of shorter lead times and still more frequent but smaller orders. We expect full-year CapEx to be in the range of $100 million to $110 million at the assumed exchange rates. I'd now like to turn the call back over Don Morel, Don?
Don Morel:  Thanks very much, Bill. This concludes our business review for this morning and we'd now be pleased to answer any questions that you might have. Operator?
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first comes from the line of Dave Windley from Jefferies & Company.
Dave Windley - Jefferies & Company:  I wanted to start in the CZ product development efforts that you have. Don, is the pricing for your CZ products as you are now rolling out this first large scale order, is it matching your expectations from earlier on?
Don Morel: Yes.
Dave Windley - Jefferies & Company: Okay. Well, that's good certainly.
Don Morel: The only color I can add to that Dave is that, remember when you are in the early stages here on the clinical and the engineering evaluations, the price is going to be higher because the units are lower, but certainly the first tranche here out of the gate is right in line with where we thought it'd be.
Dave Windley - Jefferies & Company: Okay, and from a logistics standpoint, you commented that you are beginning to produce product in the four-cavity cell. Is that right? So, this large scale order, you would supply out of the four-cavity as opposed to the single cavity?
Don Morel: That is correct.
Dave Windley - Jefferies & Company: Okay. On the other end of the spectrum, on the contract manufacturing, you named off a couple of challenges, price pressure, competitive environment, are the volumes in contract manufacturing relatively stable? I am wondering how much visibility you have on that. How much is tied up under longer-term contract?
Don Morel: Yes, we don't have as much, obviously, as we do on the Pharm Systems side of the business. Typically it, depending on the customer, can be anywhere from two to four weeks. Yes, demand has been strong in the areas that we thought they'd be strong in. Disposable components are going to cardiovascular ops for our customers there. On the sampling side and consumables, where you have components that we made going into blood collection, blood analysis, those have been strong. The filters have been in line with expectation and consumer has been pretty strong. You have some ins and outs here, and they are depending on inventories and timings, but demand is certainly more favorable at this point in the year than it was last year.
Dave Windley - Jefferies & Company: Okay, and I will ask one more and then drop out, and it is in the ARS contract, that pre exist your acquisition there is no margin. I guess I have wondered if that was contractually provided to that customer cost or is it a function of, say the size of the runs that you are doing, that make that, that cost inefficient or something like that? Should we expect that will be no margin, going forward?
Bill Federici: Yes, Dave, on, it's Bill on. On that particular one, it is contractual. We are producing it in the same space that they produced that we acquired the plant as well, and in the absence of other customers, that that business will continue to provide, very limited margin.
Dave Windley - Jefferies & Company: Okay.
Don Morel: Moving on to that contract, the only thing I would add to that is we have begun to aggressively market the device in Europe. There is a lot of interest in it for a lot of applications. That pricing will be much different than the pricing for under the existing contract, obviously.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Derek DeBruin from UBS.
Derek DeBruin - UBS: You've mentioned, I was actually surprised to see your comments that Europe actually was so strong and I am just wondering, if you could talk a little bit about what you are seeing there, and particularly, I know some of the other companies that reported about full backup spending on European health care, and I am just wondering, could you just talk a little bit about that environment and why you are doing well in that geography?
Don Morel: A lot of it is in the high value part of the business, FluroTec coated stoppers and the Westar processing, we continue to see strong demand there. Overall there is probably some inventory restocking that's going on in the first half of the year after the downturn we saw last year. The third quarter so far for Europe looks fully inline with our expectations. The only issue that Bill and I both highlighted is that because we are seeing shorter order quantities, smaller order quantities and shorter lead times with the new capacity online, we don't have visibility, we'd like to have into the fourth quarter but we've see nothing that would indicate that won't fill in.
Bill Federici: Also, there the currency has been the negative drag on Europe, particularly. So when we talk about strength we are excluding currency in that regard.
Derek DeBruin - UBS: Okay. obviously there has been some chatter recently about some more M&A particularly in the biologic area, as you watch all of the news items going forward with that how would you see that potentially impacting your business?
Don Morel:  It depends on who's acquired and who the acquirer is, obviously, but what we usually see some and we've talked about this before is that you come to a halt in a lot of your development programs. The good news is that the programs that we have underway are with a range of customers both large and small. So although, we may see some delays depending on who is involved? My expectation is that the momentum that has been built to this point is going to continue to carry forward on our major programs.
Derek DeBruin - UBS: Okay. Could you talk a little bit about some of what you are increasing R&D spend on? Just the type of project you are undertaking?
Don Morel: Yes, well, it's principally the three. The demand on CZ is making us push that ahead faster than our original plans. So there are both some expenses associated with that and some capital investments that will accelerate. Confidose is getting an awful lot of attention, particularly in the niche I mentioned which is highly viscous drugs where the pressure to deliver the drug is somewhat higher than with an ordinary formulation and you need the properties of the CZ within the auto injector. So that's all positive, and then, I mentioned briefly this new platform that we've acquired, which is basically a patch pump attach pop and for compounds that need to be delivered in the 3 ml to 5 ml range but can't be delivered in bolus. It's a perfect solution to an unmet need where it can deliver over a period of a couple of hours. So, those three areas are principally the ones that will receive the R&D funding.
Derek DeBruin - UBS: Great, and I'm sorry, did you talk about the tax rate for the full-year?
Bill Federici: No, we didn't mention it specifically but our expectations are, it will be about inline with what we've been talking about which is just about 23.9% for rest of the year.
Operator: (Operator Instruction) The next question comes from the line of Arnie Ursaner from CJS Securities.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities:  I like to see how that new name looks in print. A couple of questions. Looking at the quarter, your gross margin, at least relative to my expectations, was pretty disappointing and your SG&A offset it, again most of the SG&A improvement were things out of your control, like your stock price and pension expense. The discretionary parts of SG&A, they all actually increased in the quarter, and yet your guidance, your comments regarding the product mix should have led you dramatically better gross margins. You had much more of your value added products with you here. Maybe you could help us on both of those items and how it would affect operating margin.
Bill Federici: Sure. Obviously, we did see an increase in the packaging systems space of 50 basis points over the prior year second quarter. The main components, Arnie, and I know you know all the moving pieces that I have given to you. Price was up about 0.5 percentage point, volume and mix was positive as well, providing about eight-tenths of a point increase. We did have materials cost increase and that impacted the margin and it was all the things you would expect from labor overhead, depreciation and other expenses increasing offsetting those. So from a gross margin perspective, we did get 50 basis points increase, which again is fairly much in for packaging systems, is in line with our longer term growth expectations for that business, about 50-bip increase each year, so we feel pretty good about it. Yes, the increases were in the high value product space and we expect to continue to see those increases, but at the same time, we have increases in our cost pool that are somewhat muting all of that increase. But again, we feel very comfortable with the view that we will see some increases continue in that business over the near-term.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: My second question, obviously you do provide full-year guidance, but there is a lot of discussion points within your prepared remarks about the timing of various things between Q3 and Q4. I think Don clearly indicated, your Q3 backlog and bookings look terrific, you're a little concerned, if you will, about Q4 trends not because of our glaring problem, but just because the lead times were shorter, there's a currency impact, there is an R&D impact. So, I guess my question is, if I were to think about the breakdown that you would like us to think about for Q3 versus Q4, I know you don't normally provide quarterly guidance, but maybe perhaps give us some better sense of how we ought to breakdown back half of the year since you are obviously raising a lot questions about the various components.
Bill Federici: Yes. I think the currency impact, and I'll give you some numbers, Arnie to help you run through this. In last year's third quarter, the dollar euro conversion was $1.43 to the 1. In the fourth quarter, it was $1.48 on average to the 1. So, obviously, you can see there that it's a much steeper climb on the fourth quarter than the third quarter given our $1.30 that we are at today, so that's number one. Number two, that we called out is the increase in the R&D expenditures of $0.04. If you are thinking about that, again, I would think that not exactly 50%, but fairly ratably over the third and fourth quarters with slightly more hitting the fourth quarter than the third. In terms of the visibility, Don mentioned and I mentioned that, we've been talking about this for a while. Due to the change in the order patterns by our customers and our decreasing lead times, which allows them not to have to put in so many orders way ahead of time, it's providing a much better view at the third quarter, but a much less predictable view of the fourth quarter. So, we are somewhat cautious about the mix in that fourth quarter and there's no easy way to do this, but if you're trying to do apportionment, you would certainly have much more of the impact probably two-thirds of the impact in the fourth quarter and in the third quarter.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: And, Bill, most of the H1N1 revenues you had were Q3 of the.
Bill Federici:  They were fairly balanced. And in fact, what we are seeing Arnie is, if you look at it Arnie, there's about probably $10 million of currency impact on sales and roughly about $12 million impact of H1N1 in the fourth quarter. And when we look at the sales in general and you take the currency effect out, we see that the fourth quarter sales are actually going to be lower than the fourth quarter 2009 at the current projections that we've got right now, like 3%.
Don Morel:  One thing I would add to that Arnie, is last year we talked about the halves being reversed because of the unusual finish to 2008. So, this year in the first half, we've earned $1.22 versus $1 in 2009, you're going to see a flip-flop, where we'll go back to our traditional seasonality, and the second half of the year will be softer than the first half, which is what we talked about at the outset of the year.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: Two more questions if I can. Don, obviously highlighted new Patch product, what would the trailing 12-month revenues of this product and could you describe how you plan to distribute or sell this product?
Don Morel:  Yes. This is still in a development phase Arnie, so there's no trailing revenues. What we are doing is adapting the fundamental platform to our customers needs and the acquisition was done to fill an unmeet need in the market and what we perceived to be gap in our portfolio offerings. So, what you are seeing with formulation especially in the biotherapeutic area, there is a desire for a platform that can deliver modest lines not a 1 or 2 mL injection, but in that 3 to 5 mL corridor, but over a long period of time, where you want the drug to works its way and slowly to maximizes its therapeutic effects. So, this acquisition is basically in a prototype phase and the first agreement that we have in place is for prototypes to go to the customer for evaluation. We don't expect substantial revenues off of this until we get to probably at that 2012 kind of timeframe as well. Everything comes together at the end of the 2012 beginning of 2013 in the portfolio.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: Don, to follow-up on that. You obviously are accelerating your R&D spend. Your customers are increasing their R&D funding for you, you told us you're going to accelerate your capital spending. Since you are accelerating all the components of CZ, shouldn't we see commercial revenues at an earlier time that you've been previously?
Don Morel:  That is wholly out of our control. It all depends on the evaluation and the stability work done by our customers.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: At this point, and so mid 2012 or beyond before we see what should move the needle for West in terms of commercial opportunities?
Don Morel:  That was CZ in particularly, yes.
Bill Federici:  That's correct.
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Dave Windley of Jefferies & Company.
Dave Windley - Jefferies & Company:  A couple of follow-ups. In the press release, a couple of smaller descriptions on some external consulting costs declining in packaging, but increasing in corporate. I wondered if that was something that that you were scrutinizing in terms of trying to keep those external costs under control just curious if there was anything going on there.
Don Morel:  Yes. Of course, and it's a myriad of things. We did have some M&A activity, so labor cost us were a little higher than we expected. We did have some increase in some audit fees and some tax fees relative to some of the activity going on around the world on a tax basis. Those were the primary drivers. And, yes absolutely, we do scrutinize all of those costs especially the discretionary ones and make sure that we are doing the best that we can to keep those under control.
Dave Windley - Jefferies & Company: The press release also talks about restructuring, and the second half for the year was described as charges and I wanted to make sure I understood whether those were new charges to be taken to the P&L or just expenses against the reserve?
Bill Federici:  It's new charges If you remember the way they changed the rules on restructuring that you can't take up all those charge upfront and then have it all come against the reserve. You have to wait till the actual activities are exited before you can take the charge. It's a small number. Dave, we are talking about somewhere between 500,000 and 700,000 for the rest of the year, and it's mostly severance associated with exiting some activities.
Dave Windley - Jefferies & Company:  Then coming back to CZ. Don, you described the Confidose. If I understood correctly, Confidose, CZ combination for the high pressure inside the Auto-Injector, is that the area, I think you described prior that that was a pleasant surprise to use it that was a market opportunity, I guess. Is that the most exciting area for CZ, or where is the area where you are seeing the most development activity, sampling validation-type activity for CZ?
Don Morel: Yes. It's collectively, David, within the biologic space. So, if you take that as kind of the umbrella, you've got a situation now where there have been some issues in the marketplace with breakage where CZ is a logical alternative that can help solve that issue, but it's also been driven by the older issues of the silicon agglomeration as well as the tungsten. So, I think the emphasis on the breakage issue has brought a lot more attention to CZ as an alternative either in a cartridge or prefilled, but certainly, the original drivers in terms of cleanliness and non-contamination for the biologics is there as well. So, it's really both of those factors, but wholly within the therapeutic protein space.
Dave Windley - Jefferies & Company: Getting a little bit at Arnie's question maybe a little bit different way to come at it and at this point, is the number of customers that are enquiring or sampling CZ containing product or CZ containers of once order another, is that interest level at the expectations, that you set forth as you were working up to this point, or ahead or behind, could we look at it that way?
Don Morel:  We have a lot of ins and outs. I think my simple answer would be it's in line with expectations, but what we are seeing is that, because of its both utility, there is a market opportunity for what we fundamentally have called life cycle management for the customers, so, if they are producing bulk active at the early clinical stages of product development. They can do that and store it in CZ and they may begin to get data. We have seen demand for example, for larger CZ containers come out up to storing one litre of active. Behind that you would have them potentially go to the market when they are a single dose vial, somewhere in the 2-5 mL range. And after that you've got the opportunity to convert into the syringe, but what you have all the way through and in the eyes of the regulatory bodies is a single primarily container material, and we think that will provide some regulatory advantages. The other thing to think about is that as we progressed, through that chain, we attribute of our rubber products in terms of Westar process in terms of RU also apply to the vials, so they can be done, as well as the syringes, they can be done on format, that is ready to sterilize or they can be done at a format that's ready to use, but as a single package of option, the material really gives them a lot of flexibility, that may provide some advantages from the regulatory perspective. We see new things emerge every time we talked to a customer, but the flexibility in terms of design and the flexibility in terms of primary container format are going to drive it, and in addition to those earlier things I mentioned about cleanliness and breakage.
Dave Windley - Jefferies & Company: One last follow-up. I think you talked about or you have talked about other competitive types of materials that would be trying to get out this high durability, maybe low friction value add, are you seeing any competitors developed products a long side in a kind of similar stage of development as you and how is that landscape settling out?
Don Morel: There is no doubt that there will be competitors entering in. There is always new resins coming to the market, but remember the thing that, that really help us in our IP is the timing both around getting these things to market, so even is new option emerge now there are a number of months and years before they're actually going to get to the point where CZ is. We keep reminding people about is CZ has been in development with our Japanese partners since middle 1990s. Now you've got a really robust data set. You've had the emergence of biologics over that time, and we have been working on a compatibility studies and everything over that 10 to 15-year period. So, although, new entrants are going to come in, it's going to be sometime before we get to the stage where CZ is.
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Arnie Ursaner from CJS Securities.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities:  Couple of follow-ups, one you didn't really say anything about international and growth opportunities there, capital spending internationally, in the impression China, India were there opportunities for us?
Mike Anderson: Yes, China and India are fundamentally right on track. Year-to-year progress and for China, up roughly in that mid-20s percentage range. I think we've seen 25% year-on-year growth, a little bit better. India has been a little bit stronger. We have seen year-on-year growth there north of about 30%. Interestingly and up within the generic segment. We've seen one CZ opportunity come to fruition out of India, which we think is a positive, but right now, so far right on track. Within China the Plastef's facility, we've got four (inaudible) up and running. We are beginning to produce a variant of the TrimTec cap with that plant was dedicated to extensively for export business to South America and other countries. So doing that it's been very strong there. Asian has been right on target. Overall Europe as we talked about earlier solid through the first half, so internationally, pretty much on target.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: Plans for additional capital spending, new facilities in either China or India?
Mike Anderson: We are in the process of finalizing plans for a smaller rubber facility which would be really developmental in its scope emission in China. We expect to put shovel in the granular. We hope by the end of the year nothing is really change there, and we continue to evaluate the prospects for India. India brings a special set of circumstances because of A, the breadth of the generic industry currently which we serve out of Singapore. But looking downstream in 5 to 10 years, there is no doubt that India will be a hub of innovative development. So, our question is do we invest in a baseline facility initially and then grow into a fully fledged mass Westar facility or do we look at in advance Westar facility from a get-go. Stone evaluation, we'll see how things unfold over the next six months.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities:  It's very preliminary but if you were to think about CapEx and obviously a lot of people talk about free cash flow over the next, any insights you got to share?
Mike Anderson: As Bill said, our capital spending from this year is going to be down substantially from our original plan. That's pretty much in response to what we have seen developed in the marketplace. Our expectation going forward is that it will be in that 120 to 140 range as we talked about over the five year plan period. What could change that? I think there has to be some dramatic development in the market place that would make us really accelerate our plans for India in particular.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: Don, you obviously, when we asked about the pricing of CZ you gave a pretty rough answer, how much of a premium is it getting versus in the last right now in the preliminary stage and given the price premium that it is likely to have, is it likely to just be new biotech applications or is there any retrofit opportunity given the cleanliness and the cost premium that it is going to trade at?
Don Morel: The answer to the second part of your question Arnie is that we are seeing broad opportunities both for existing products on the market as well as new products. So, our belief at the current time is that it will not be exclusively reserved for the round of new products coming to margin. With regard to your earlier question, it's difficult to give an answer to that only because sampling prices tend to be dramatically higher than commercial volume prices. So, initially out of the gate here with the order that we have on the books, the price is substantially higher than it would be at commercial levels. Our expectation overall is that it will go to market depending on the drug in the volume at somewhere in that 5X to 8X a glass price.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: You are saying, the safety at other issues were in that kind of premium?
Don Morel: Yes.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time.
Don Morel: Thank you very much, operator and thank you for your time today. This concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, you may disconnect at this time. This is the conclusion of the call.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: John Woolford - Westwicke Partners, IR Don Morel - Chairman and CEO Bill Federici - CFO
Analysts: Arnie Ursaner- CJS Securities Raphael - UBS Ross Taylor - CL King Andrew Hilgenbrink - Jefferies & Company Jim Sidoti - Sidoti & Company
Operator: Welcome to the West Pharmaceutical Services first quarter earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. (Operator instructions) Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now, I would like to turn todays meeting over to Mr. John Woolford from Westwicke Partners. Sir, you may begin.
John Woolford: Good morning everyone, and welcome to Wests first quarter 2010 results conference call. We issued our financial results this morning and the release has been posted in the Investors section on the companys website located at www.westpharma.com. If you have not received a copy of this announcement, please call Westwicke Partners at 443-213-0500 and a copy will be sent to you immediately. There is also posted on the companys website a slide presentation that management refers to in their remarks today. The presentation is in PDF format and you may need to download appropriate software in order to view the presentation. A link to a free download of that software is provided at the website. Before we begin, I remind you that statements being made by management may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Federal Securities Law and that are based on management's beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecast. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements that are preceded by, followed by, or that include words such as estimate, expect, intend, believe, plan, anticipate and other words in terms of similar meaning are forward-looking statements. West's estimated or anticipated future results, product performance or other non-historical facts are forward-looking and reflect our current perspective on existing trends and information. Many of the factors that will determine the company's future results are beyond the ability of the company to control or predict. These statements are subject to known or unknown risks or uncertainties, and therefore, actual results could differ materially from past results and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement. You should bear this in mind as you consider forward-looking statements. For a non-exclusive list of those factors, which could cause actual results to differ from expectations, please refer to today's press release. Investors are also advised to consult any further disclosures the company makes on related subjects in the company's 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In addition, during todays call management may make reference to non-GAAP financial measures including adjusted operating profits and adjusted diluted EPS. These measures have no standardized meaning prescribed by U.S. GAAP and therefore, may not be comparable to and should not be viewed as a substitute for U.S. GAAP operating income or diluted EPS. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in the materials accompanying this morning's earnings release. Again this call is being recorded on behalf of West and is copyrighted material. It cannot be rerecorded or rebroadcast without the company's expressed permission. Your participation on this call implies your consent to our taping. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Don Morel, Chairman and CEO. Don?
Don Morel: Thanks you, John, and good morning everyone. Welcome to West's 2010 first quarter conference call. Joining me for the call today is Bill Federici, West's Chief Financial Officer and Mike Anderson, our Treasurer and primary Investor Relations contact. As we work our way through the call this morning, Bill and I will again utilize the PowerPoint slide that's posted on our website and we'll call out the slide number we are referring to in our commentary. I would also like to remind everyone that we will be reporting our results using the Pharmaceutical Packaging Systems and Pharmaceutical Delivery Systems' segments outlined in our February year-end call. The Pharmaceutical Packaging Systems segment is comprised of our global component's business which is currently forecasted in the range of $770 million to $790 million in revenues for 2010. This segment has responsibility for brand such as Westar, FluroTec, Envision and NovaPure, in addition to our historic disposable medical device, veterinary, diagnostic and dental products businesses. Delivery Systems brings together the Tech Group contract manufacturing operations, Medimop, Plastef and programs approaching commercializing such as the Daikyo Crystal Zenith silicone-free syringe system, NovaGuard, a proprietary auto-injector ConfiDose as well as our ongoing innovation programs. The Delivery Systems segment is expecting sales in the range of $320 million to $330 million for 2010. Before discussing our Q1 results, I would like to remind those listening that West will host an Investor Day in New York on May 6th beginning at 8 a.m. Details for this meeting and information on attending can be found on slide number three. The presentations will highlight market trends in our major pharmaceutical and device markets, key growth initiatives in both operating segments to achieve our five-year financial targets and the new product case study that illustrates the timeline for capital investment, production system validation and regulatory and customary approval leading to eventual sales representing a typical West product. There will also be a series of displays highlighting our CZ platform and other new products  Turning to the first quarter, we have completed the business unit realignment presented in November 2009 and both operating segments were off to a strong start for the year. Our sales and order flow were quite strong for the first three months continuing the trend we observed during the fourth quarter of 2009. We are particularly pleased that solid sales gains were achieved in all of our major markets and across virtually all of our major product lines. Slide number four summarizes our operating performance for the first quarter. On a consolidated basis, the first quarter results showed strong improvement over 2009 with sales increasing 9.3% to just over $274.7 million, excluding the effects of currency translation. Sales within the Packaging Systems segment grew 7.8% to $198.9 million and Delivery Systems sales for the quarter totaled $76.9 million, an increase of just over 12% again excluding currency effect. Our consolidated gross margin improved by 1.3 percentage points to 29.9% for the quarter. Excluding discrete items from both the current and prior year periods, adjusted earnings grew approximately 38% from $0.42 per share to $0.58 per share. I'd now like to turn the call over the Bill, who will provide a more in-depth summary of our first quarter performance. Bill?
Bill Federici: Thank you, Don, and good morning, everyone. We issued our first quarter results this morning. Reporting for the first time under the company's new segment structure, net income from continuing operations is $19.8 million, or $0.57 per diluted share versus the $0.46 per diluted share we reported in Q1 2009. As explained in the release, both periods included restructuring charges and Q1 2009 included discrete tax benefits. Excluding the effect of those special items in both periods, Q1 2010 earnings were $0.58 per diluted share versus $0.42 per diluted share for Q1 2009, a 38% year-over-year increase. $0.03 of the increase in 2010 was due to currency translation. Slide five, in the accompanying PowerPoint presentation shows the components of our consolidated sales increase. Sales grew by $32 million to $274.7 million, a 9.3% increase over Q1 2009, excluding exchange. Price increase contributed $1.6 million or seven-tenths of a percentage point of the increase. Volume and mix contributed $14.2 million or 5.8 percentage points of the increase. Our July 2009 Plastef acquisition contributed $3.9 million or 1.6 percentage points and H1N1 component sales contributed $2.8 million or 1.2 percentage points of the increase. Slide six shows our consolidated gross profit, adjusted operating profit, currency impacts and FX neutral growth rates. Our gross profit excluding currency increased 14.4%, up by a modest price increases in the product mix and improved planned efficiencies offset by increased raw material, labor, overhead, and depreciation expense. Adjusted operating profit, which eliminates the restructuring charges and discrete tax benefits from each quarter increased by 27% reflecting the increased gross profit and effected SG&A cost controls. Slide seven analyzes 130-basis point increase in consolidated gross profit margin in the quarter versus last year. Critical factors were volume increases and overall production cost efficiencies that were helped by volume and by our lean manufacturing programs. Higher depreciation costs reflect the increased investments we've made recently in capacity for higher margin products.  From a segment perspective, Pharma Packaging Systems Q1 2010 gross profit margin was significantly higher in Q1 2009, which offset a decline in our Q1 2010 Delivery Systems gross profit margin. Pharma Packaging Systems gross profit margin increased by 280 basis points to 34.8% driven by favorable volume and mix and improved efficiencies to the higher plant loads during the quarter. Mix improved as a larger portion of the sales increase was for a high-value coded in Westar process components. We also saw modest price increases. These increases more than offset the effects of increased labor rates and depreciation expense. Material costs were not significantly different. Delivery Systems gross profit margin declined by 210 basis points to 17% as a result of the Plastef acquisition sales being essentially breakeven at the gross margin line. Increased labor and overheads partially offset by increased pricing and some increased volumes. We expect our 2010 full year Delivery Systems margins will increase versus 2009 due to continued favorable volume and mix, some increased pricing, lean savings and savings from our restructuring program. Slide eight show the detail changes in consolidated SG&A expenses. As I previously mentioned, Q1 2010 cost controls helped to limit the overall growth of our SG&A expense. As a percentage of sales, SG&A expenses declined from 17.7% in Q1 2009 to 16.9% in Q1 2010. External market driven factors accounted for more than half of $3.7 million overall increase. Currency translation and share price sensitive stock-based compensation costs rising partially offset by lower U.S. pension costs. Other net increases were for incentive and other compensation and depreciation related to our IT systems upgrades. Turning to business segment sales, slide nine shows the details of the $22.5 million or 12.8% increase in Pharma Packaging Systems sales. Excluding currency effects, sales increased 7.8%, driven by volume increases and a favorable mix. Included in favorable volumes were $2.8 million of H1N1 component sales. Sales increased in all regions with North America supplying the majority of the increase. High-value product sales increased 23% to $72 million versus Q1 2009. Excluding H1N1-related sales, high-value product group sales increased by 18%. Standard product sales were essentially flat at $91 million versus Q1 2009 and disposable medical device component sales increased by roughly 5% to $27 million versus Q1 2009. As a reminder, H1N1 components sales were roughly $22 million in 2009, but we expect only about $5 million of H1N1 component sales in 2010. The majority of which were sold in Q1. Slide 10 provides the details of the $9.4 million or 13.9% increase in Pharmaceutical Delivery Systems sale. On an ex-currency basis, Q1 2010 Delivery Systems sales increased by 12.3%. Our high-value safety and administration systems sales increased to $12 million in the quarter including $3.9 million of sales associated with our July 2009 Plastef acquisition. Contract manufacturing device sales increased by 5% to $64 million due to increased sales in devices used in surgical and other healthcare application such as auto-injection pens. Excluding acquisitions and currency effects, Delivery Systems sales increased by nearly 7%. Key balance sheet, summary balance sheet information is presented on slide 11. Our balance sheet remained strong and our business continues to provide necessary liquidity. We paid down debt by $2.5 million during the quarter and currency translation accounted for the remainder of the $10 million decline in debt from last year end. Debt working capital declined by $5 million versus the prior year end due to a reclassification to current liabilities of the $20.6 million of outstanding amounts due under our revolver. We were in the process of refinancing the existing $200 million revolving credit facility, which is now current because it matures in February 2011. We are working closely with our banking partners and expect to finalize the refinancing this quarter. The new facility is expected to have maturity of at least 3 years. It is expected to carry higher interest rates than our current facility by approximately 100 basis points. Accounts receivable increased by $7.9 million and inventories increased by $15.6 million. Our receivable collection metrics remained unchanged from the prior year-end levels and so the increase is attributed to increased sales. Inventories increased due to higher levels of strategic stock of certain raw materials and advanced purchases of certain materials to manage expected changes in material pricing. Slide 12 shows our key cash flow metrics. Operating cash flows were $11.5 million in the quarter. The increase over the prior year quarter is due to increased income and the $10 million pension contribution made in Q1 2009 with no corresponding Q1 2010 pension contribution. We do expect to make a 2010 contribution to the pension during the second quarter. CapEx was about $7 million less than Q1 2010 due to a relatively high 2009 spending on our China facility and our European and Asian facility expansions, which were completed in the third quarter of 2009. Of the $17.7 million of CapEx in the quarter, about half was focused on maintenance activities and the other half on new products and expansion efforts. We are updating our full year guidance, which is summarized on slide 13. We have based our revised guidance on an exchange rate of $1.36 per euro for the remainder of 2010 due to the relative strengthening of the dollar. Our previous FX guidance was $1.40 per euro. This revised currency outlook has a $0.04 unfavorable effect on our full year EPS. Despite the unfavorable currency revision, we continue to expect consolidated sales of between $1.09 billion and $1.12 billion. Our backlog remained strong at $252 million, which is $24 million higher than our year-end backlog and $19 million more than Q1 2009 levels, excluding currency.  More than the normal amount of the backlog is for product to be delivered in the next several months. Therefore, our visibility to the second half of 2010 is limited by our customers providing more frequent but smaller orders. Our consolidated gross margin guidance remains unchanged at 30.5%, but the products mix expectation has changed slightly. Our revised EPS guidance reflects our strong first quarter results offset by the unfavorable currency trend. We estimate our second quarter 2010 earnings will exceed our second quarter 2009 earnings by approximately 8% to 10%. We expect full year CapEx to be in the range of $115 million to $130 million at the assumed exchange rates. We will continue to monitor our markets for any projected changes and demand and we will modify our spending plans accordingly. It is important to note that our retiree benefit plans do not offer a retiree drug benefit and so we did have a charge in the quarter relating to the Federal Healthcare Reform. Additionally, it is not clear at this time, whether the healthcare reform tax on medical devices will apply to some of our products when it takes effect in 2013. I would now like to turn the call back over to Don Morel. Don.
Don Morel: Thanks very much, Bill. As Bill highlighted in his commentary, orders for Q2 remained strong and our backlog has improved to just over $250 million. Although we believe that the cautious inventory management in ordering we experienced in 2009 has largely run its course, we do see the trend toward shorter lead times and smaller order quantities continuing through the second half of the year. Despite the change in longer-term visibility and the challenges presents to our operations, we remain confident in our ability to deliver against our full year financial targets. Revenue growth should fall in the range of 3% to 5% for the year, excluding currency, despite non-recurring H1N1 sales from 2009, which totaled just over $20 million. In our February commentary, we listed one of our key objectives for the year as being the validation of our four cavity 1 ml CZ cell in the Delivery Systems group. This critical program remains on track and we expect to being delivering samples from this line to customers late in the second or early in the third quarter. The capacity from this line will help alleviate the backlog currently built up due to strong sample demand. At this point, we also expect the first large scale order for validation and the stability to be placed by customers evaluating CZ sometime by the mid-year. For the longer term, the business drivers that we have outlined in prior calls remain fundamentally intact. As Bill discussed, we're still assessing the downstream impact of the recently passed Patient Care and Affordability Act, but intuitively the influx of newly-covered individuals should be a positive driver of growth when the act goes into effect. It is unclear whether the revised tax provisions will apply to part of our healthcare portfolio. However, we will not see a major charge for costs associated with retiree health plans as Bill mentioned. One of the keys for our future success is continued growth in the biologics space, which should benefit from the follow-on biologics provision, which was outlined in the act. This concludes our prepared remarks for this morning and we would now be pleased to take any questions that you might have. Operator?
Operator: (Operations instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Arnie from CJS Securities.
Arnie Ursaner- CJS Securities: I guess my first question is, it seem your prices obviously not driving your revenue growth. It's less than 1% and what seems to be driving your growth in positive trends are volume and mix. You gave us some numbers regarding high value products, which were up 18%. Can you expand a little bit more on what you are including in your high value products? Give us a better feel for what they are. Whats driving that type of strong growth, and perhaps a little more color on what are the standard products and whats causing them to be flat?
Don Morel: Lot of information I have to answer, but simply put the high value-add products include FluroTec and B2-Coated products, Westar process and we call Envision and NovaPure. So, those are the products that go through vision inspection for particular and those products usually carry with them a great deal of more laboratory analysis and chemical analysis before they're actually shift to the customer and the driver for that really is two-fold. One, we are seeing more stringent regulatory requirements in certain markets, where [cleanliness] is paramount. Many of our customers are beginning to make stronger entry in Japan, which has much more stringent quality standards and those markets are requiring the highest quality that we can possibly produce. On the other hand, the standard products comprised closures that dont incorporate to those attributes that are usually uncoated. They maybe Westar wash, but they got into the lower margin markets, which would include some of the standard business in developing economies. It would include veterinary products, dental products and things of that nature. So, we are pretty pleased with the growth in the value, of course, we had to call that out last year. During the call we expected a better mix and it's materialized during the first quarter.
Arnie Ursaner- CJS Securities: Of your $252 million of backlog, can you give us a little better feel for how much out of the high value-add products more of the standard, and you dont breakout anymore of the separate backlog numbers for the Tech Group?
Don Morel: We dont breakout the Tech numbers, and we usually dont breakout the high-value add numbers. The thing about the backlog, I'd say its a key. It's kind of become compressed into a three to four month timeframe versus a six to nine month timeframe that we used to have.
Bill Federici: Just to add to what Don said, the Tech number Arnie for your information in the backlog is modest. It's only about somewhere less than $15 million, as included in that $250 million. The rest of it is for the packaging systems.
Arnie Ursaner- CJS Securities: I think this is new information, printer ink cartridges, how much of your Tech Group revenue was related to that new role and I assume that's not a long-term project?
Don Morel: That actually is an old product that we produce out of our Ireland facility Arnie and we just try to get bump in this quarter from it, but its not a big number.
Bill Federici: Not significant.
Arnie Ursaner- CJS Securities: Bill, my question for you on the CapEx, obviously if you are going to do $110 million to $130 million for the year, you only expense $17 million in Q1, half of which was maintenance. Can you give us a little better feel for the driver's of your CapEx numbers for the balance of the year? What would cause the $20 million or $30 million potential swing high versus low?
Bill Federici: I'll answer the last question first. In terms of the variability, as we have been doing in the past, we did it last year and we'll do it again this year. We try to keep a close eye on our markets and the ultimate demand for our products. As we did last year, when we saw demand slowing, we pullback on our CapEx. If you remember, we had projected that we'll be in $140 million range last year and we ended up at $105 million. So that variability Arnie is really reflective of that. As we continue to go through the year, well continue to test the market for demand and adjust accordingly. In terms of the how we get there in terms of the spend, we have projects that are ongoing. Some work has been done in one of our facilities in the US, converting it from a standard product plan to one that produces high-end pharmaceutical components. We have worked that we begun at the end of last year and well continue to go forward in terms of spending on the innovation products, building more capacity for things like the CZ product. We also are spending considerable amount of money this year on our global quality initiative, which is the lion share of the increase that well see in the expansion product. So those things plus the maintenance increasing slightly year-over-year is where we see the big gap in that number.
Arnie Ursaner- CJS Securities: Two more for you Bill if I can before I jump off, in your guidance or in your comments regarding SG&A, you talked about external consulting service primarily relating to business development activities. Was there a write-off for an expense for an acquisition that didnt move forward?
Bill Federici: No. We had a lot of activity in the information technology space and basically in other areas around the innovation.
Arnie Ursaner- CJS Securities: Final one on the pension expense, as it relates to your guidance I believe you had build in as much as $10 million pension expense. Previously, it looks like that. Just freshen up, what you had in your previous numbers for pension expense or what you are assuming now?
Bill Federici: We had last year pension expense in the US was about $80 million and what we ended up with this year based on the fact that we were able to increase the value, the assets that we hold in the pension plan. We are able to reduce the amount of expense versus last year by approximately $2 million. You are seeing $0.5 million of that in the first quarter and you will see a $0.5 million each quarter as we go forward. If you remember Arnie an important point about pension is you only get one crack at the expense during the year. It set by the actuaries at the beginning of the year based on our assets, the expected return on those assets, what we expect for the interest rates and what we expect for expense. We basically are looking at again a reduction of $2 million versus the prior year as we go through the year and that won't change again until we get to the end of 2010.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Derek DeBruin from UBS.
Raphael - UBS: Hi, good morning this is [Raphael] for Derek. Just a couple of questions, basically your savings on the ordering patterns. I mean it looks like with the shorter lead times and smaller order sizes; these are becoming the new norm for your customers. I guess I was just wondering was this doing better align itself with this new ordering patterns and as a follow-up just curious to know if during the quarter, West may have benefited from any potential stocking from customers, as it relates to new products launches slated for this year?
Don Morel: I will try the second one first, certainly we benefited from some restocking due to the short order queries in 2009 and whether or not those are related to new product launches its difficult to tell, but certainly with strong fourth quarter we had and this strong first quarter, there has been a bit of restocking after the workout that we saw end of 08 through 09. In terms of what we are doing, the best thing we can do is keep our account reps and our global account managers as close to the customers as possible. I think we focused on what the inventory strategies are going to be going forward. If we can level out our plans the timing of the orders really isnt that big an issue as long as we know a couple of months ahead at time what we can expect to produce. Its the level loading is the key because that allows us to stop raw materials and then plan our labor accordingly. So, we can only go on what they give us, sometimes they were right, sometimes they were not so right.
Raphael - UBS: Got it. I appreciate that color. Now separately, I was just curious to know a little bit more about, I think last year there was eliminate amount of spend on R&D for 2009. I was just curious to know if there were any [projects] that would be in revamp this year and if you could give us a little more information of the types of projects that are about to pursue?
Bill Federici: The one that didnt have any reduction, where the CZ, the safety products and the auto-injector and in fact what we did was pulled back on a couple of the longer term projects that we just put in to the holding pan. So, the decrease through 2009 was simply due to some of the longer term projects in the conceptual pace being deemphasized in favor of the CZ in particular.
Raphael - UBS: Understood, thank you for the information, and Ill jump back in the queue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Taylor from CL King.
Ross Taylor - CL King: Hi, I just have a two or three. First your revenue guidance, I think you mentioned that in terms of absolute dollars your revenue guidance is staying the same despite the change in foreign currency and I just wondered what might be driving, it appear some strength or improvement in the organic growth.
Don Morel: The organic growth is going to be combination of India and China and what we think is going to be continued positive mix versus 09 in the major European and North American markets. So, it's kind of across the board.
Bill Federici: Yes, there is some volume, a little bit of price, but a lot of mix.
Ross Taylor - CL King: Okay and also you mentioned that you might start to see or some of the orders for CZ that might come in the middle of the year. How significant a contribution might they be to revenues this year?
Don Morel: It's not going to be major, when compared to the total revenue base, but the key is that first and second customers that they are going to began quantity orders that will allow them to do line studies and formal stability studies with validated products. So, our expectation is that once the four cavity cell comes online as opposed to shipping 500 and 1000 we are going to be jumping up into the 10,000 to 20,000 lot sizes and if things hold their course, we should see some major orders probably by the mid-point in the year or in the third quarter in the couple of 100,000 unit range. So, the news is very encouraging. The key thing for us is to stay on track with the validation of the cell, which is targeted for completion at the end of the second quarter.
Ross Taylor - CL King: Last question relates to inventories and raw materials, I think you commented that maybe you would bought some raw materials ahead of time. Is there much risk from raw material pricing to your earnings forecast for this year do you think?
Bill Federici: It would be muted for this year. I mean look what we, and its a little bit of long-winded conversation, I apologize, but if you remember its two pieces. One, its the supply contracts that we have that mute any increase by anywhere between 4 and 6 months. Then secondly, weve also gone out into the marketplace and bought forward some hedge against the increasing prices in those, basically crude oil, which is the underlying material that used in manufacturing the synthetic rubbers that we use. So, between the two of those should the price of oil continue where it is, in that kind of ADD five range, we feel pretty comfortable, where our guidance is without any issues, should go to the kind of 140-150 levels that it went to a couple of years ago in the summer. That would have an impact, but that impact would not start to hit us until the very backend of 2010 into 2011.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Hilgenbrink from Jefferies & Company.
Andrew Hilgenbrink - Jefferies & Company: Can you give sense of the sales mix in the delivery segment, how much of that is from contract manufacturing versus proprietary product and then how quickly do you expect the shift over to more the proprietary and following on that, what roughly speaking is the margin difference between the two types of products?
Bill Federici: Answer the last question first; again the gross margins on the contract manufacture product are significantly less. They are in the high singles to perhaps as much as 20% to 25% gross margins. On the proprietary base, the margins are much higher. They are equivalent to our Packaging Systems margins starting in the 30s and running up through about 50%. In terms of numbers, in the first quarter of the rough number $75 million worth of sales in that group, $12 million of it was the high value Safety and Administration system and Plastef sales. So, thats the high value product in that space of the proprietary. Basically [many more] products and its got $12 million and the rest it was contract manufacturing.
Don Morel: In terms of the timing, clearly with CZ and some of the other products coming in 2012, 2013, our goal is to be over the 40% to 50% of revenue range coming from proprietary sometime in that 2013, 2014 timeframe.
Bill Federici: The expectations are built into 2010 for what we think is going to happen, Andrew in the rest of 2010. We will continue to see mix as I mentioned, we do expect that margin for that group will be better than the 2009 margins and a big piece of that is the mix.
Andrew Hilgenbrink - Jefferies & Company: On the lines of the CZ orders and interest that you are seeing, can you comment on the majority of those coming from, some of it has currently marketed products or whether their products underdevelopment or is it a mix of both?
Don Morel: It's a mix of both.
Andrew Hilgenbrink - Jefferies & Company: Also on the shorter lead times and smaller order sizes, do you see a difference in margin on that ordering pattern versus what you experienced the year ago or two years ago when companies are ordering large quantities?
Bill Federici:  Im not sure Ive got the question right, but if the question is, have we seen a change, yes; the change has been fairly dramatic. We used to have customers that a few years ago were putting blanket orders for the entire year and they've put demand in the late in the fourth quarter, the proceeding year or early in the first quarter of the year and they recovered not only the near-term, but they covered almost a whole year worth of their needs. That has evaporated.
Andrew Hilgenbrink - Jefferies & Company: It has the gross margin that you guys realized changed now because are you charging more for smaller orders quantity and discount that dont exits.
Bill Federici: There are some volume rebates, but it's on the amount that that the customer will buy. It's not based generally on their orders; it's based on how much they actually buy.
Don Morel: It based on four year sales.
Andrew Hilgenbrink - Jefferies & Company: It seems like H1N1 has runs its course pretty well, do you expect to receive any revenue from reemergence of a new flu vaccine or whether they will be separate this year?
Don Morel: You never know what you are going to get, but our understanding this year is that an H1N1 component will be part of the seasonal vaccine. So, you wont see the incremental volume that we got in '09 from a separate H1N1 vaccine.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Sidoti from Sidoti & Company.
Jim Sidoti - Sidoti & Company: Just Im trying to workout my model for the back of the year. Now you have a little bit of currency tailwind, you have got the acquisition and you still have a little H1N1. As those things start to fade away towards back of the year, do you think you will see revenues fall a little bit below last year, especially in the fourth quarter when you had such a big H1N1 quarter.
Don Morel: I think logically we go that direction. For us right now the issue we're dealing with is simply the longer term visibility. A couple of years ago, if you look at the backlog, it had a much more gradual slope towards the three or six months at the end of the year, but it will refill itself. What we are looking at now is that backlog is compressed into a shorter timeframe and we simply dont have the visibility in really the third quarter and fourth quarter that we would have. New orders are coming with greater velocity at the end of the quarter for the ensuing quarter. They are just not coming large at the beginning of the year and then being worked off through the year.
Jim Sidoti - Sidoti & Company: It's feasible you might see a little bit of slowdown for the end of the year, but then you would expect to pick-up?
Don Morel: Yeah, I wouldnt expect the fourth quarter like we had last year. That was really extraordinary. We dont expect to drop off the cliff, either it should be a return to what I would call a more normal quarter if customers are working off their end of the year target and new orders will come in accordingly.
Jim Sidoti - Sidoti & Company: Then you made a comment about some of the capital expansion projects, I think you completed a couple in the quarter or at the end of last year, is that correct?
Don Morel: Yeah. At the end of the last year, the major one that was out from the program announced in '06 was the Singapore expansion and that was challenging because we were increasing our capacity within the footprint of the plant not adding additional space adjacent to it, but that was completed in July last year and everything is running well. The only other one weve got going on now Bill referenced is the conversion of our Kingston plant to more of a pharmaceutical component plant than a device plant, like it is now.
Jim Sidoti - Sidoti & Company: Are there some start-up costs associated with that or theyre pretty minimal?
Don Morel: No, there is a little bit because once you have equipment and you go through the expense and doing the validation when you are getting your sales off for the equipment, so there is always some start-up expense there.
Jim Sidoti - Sidoti & Company: Does that hit you in this quarter or is that like a second quarter?
Bill Federici: Some of it Jim, but its certainly not significant and we dont expected to be material for the year.
Jim Sidoti - Sidoti & Company: Okay. So those are pretty the immaterial competitor?
Bill Federici: Yeah. They are manageable.
Operator: You have a follow-up question from Derek DeBruin from UBS.
Raphael - UBS: [Raphael] again, just one quick one on the guidance, the top-line guidance, I wanted to know what the assumptions were there for volume price mix and effects if you remind us again how thats change from the last update?
Bill Federici: Sure. Ill take the last question first again on the currency effect. Our previous guidance was at $1.40 per euro and the current guidance is at $1.36 per euro. That had an effect on the full year guidance, reduction effect of $0.04 EPS. In terms of the sales growth and the portions of it, we expected very minimal price increases kind in that same 0.5% to 1%. The largest impact on sales was going to be the mix, which we expect to be most of the difference. There is some volume in there. Again it's very modest amount of volume increase. We are really counting on the continued conversion of product to the higher end product that gives us both revenue and then also drives the margin as well.
Operator: You have no more questions at this time sir.
Don Morel: In that case, thank you very much for your time this morning and we look forward to seeing everyone in New York City on the 6th of May. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes the presentation and you may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-19 09:00:00) =====
West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc. (WST):
Executives: Theresa Kelleher  IR, Financial Dynamics Don Morel  Chairman and CEO Bill Federici  VP and CFO
Analysts: Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities Raphael [ph]  UBS Adam Fizzard [ph]  Barclays Capital Rick Dalton [ph]  Colombo Management [ph] Christian Mikel [ph]  Orlando [ph]
Operator: Welcome to the West fourth quarter earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. (Operator instructions) Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. And now, I will turn the meeting over to Ms. Theresa Kelleher from FD. Ma'am, you may begin.
Theresa Kelleher: Thank you. Good morning everyone, and welcome to Wests fourth quarter 2008 results conference call. As you know, we issued our results this morning. The release has been posted on the company's website located at www.westpharma.com. If you have not received a copy of this announcement, please call FD at 212-850-5600, and a copy will be sent to you immediately. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that certain statements that may be made by management of the company may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements set forth anticipated results, based on management's plans and assumptions. Such statements give our current expectations or forecast of future events. They do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. In particular, these include statements concerning future actions, future performance or results of current and anticipated products, sales efforts, expenses, the outcome of contingencies such as legal proceedings and financial results. We have tried, wherever possible, to identify such statements by using words such as estimate, expect, intend, believe, plan, anticipate, and other words and terms of similar meaning in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance or condition. We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realized. If known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or if underlying assumptions are inaccurate, actual results could differ materially from past results, and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. For a non-exclusive list of those factors, which could cause actual results to differ from expectations, please refer to the factors listed in today's press release. Investors are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures the company makes on related subjects in the company's 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In addition, management may make reference to adjusted operating profits and adjusted diluted EPS that are considered non-GAAP financial measures. These measures have no standardized meaning prescribed by US GAAP and therefore, they may not be comparable to and should not be viewed as a substitute for US GAAP operating income and diluted EPS. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in the materials accompanying this morning's earnings release. This call is being recorded on behalf of West and is copyrighted material. It cannot be rerecorded or rebroadcast without the company's express permission. Your participation on this call implies your consent to our taping. Once management has concluded their remarks, we will open the floor for questions. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Dr. Don Morel, Chairman and CEO.
Don Morel: Thanks you, Theresa, and good morning everyone. Welcome to West 2008 year-end conference call. We appreciate you taking time to join us this morning. As Theresa mentioned, joining me for the call are Bill Federici, West's Chief Financial Officer; and Mike Anderson, our Treasurer and primary Investor Relations contact. To begin, I will briefly summarize our fourth quarter and full-year 2008 results, followed by an update on our major development projects and our capacity expansion programs and finish off with a summary of our outlook for 2009. Bill will then discuss our financial performance in greater detail before we open the call for questions. I should point out that as we mentioned in our press release, comparisons with 2007 are difficult due to non-recurring sales of erythropoietin stimulating agent packaging components, Exubera inhaler devices, the impact of the settlement with Nectar Therapeutics, restructuring charges and several discreet tax items in both periods. Further complicating the picture for the full year are the dramatic swings in Euro-dollar exchange rates and the swing in oil prices through the year. We will call out the impact of these factors during our commentary, where appropriate. I am pleased to report that we finished 2008 with a strong fourth quarter. Consolidated revenues were $244.9 million, an increase of 4% over the fourth quarter of 2007, excluding lost sales and currency effects. Fourth quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.56 per share versus the $0.51 in 2007. Our Q4 earnings were negatively affected by $0.05 due to unfavorable exchange. Consolidated gross margin improved by 0.9 percentage points during the quarter to 28.4%. And for the full-year revenues grew to $1.05 billion and fully diluted adjusted earnings per share were $2.38 both consistent with our guidance at the outset of the year. Adjusting our sales and earnings for the year to account for the impact of lost sales and the impact of currency translation provides a better basis for comparison, and would yield sales growth of 6.8% and earnings per share growth of 18.3% versus 2007. Given that we started the year with a roughly $60 million sales gap and an operating profit shortfall of approximately $25 million and faced with a less than favorable economic climate in the second half of 08, 2008 overall was a very good year for the company from an operating standpoint. Overall, our financial condition remains very strong. Our net debt to total capital ratio is 38%, our operating cash flows provide ample resources to fund our expansion in R&D programs, and the structure of our debt requires no new financing until April of 2011, when our revolving credit facility will need to be refinanced. Turning to our segment results, adjusted sales in the Pharmaceutical Systems division group grew approximately 5% driven by strong demand for serum and Lyophilization closures and Westar treated closures. Currency translation effects reduced sales and gross profit by $13 million and $4 million respectively during the quarter. We also recorded our first order for ESA packaging components, and anticipate sales for these items increasing gradually throughout 2009, although they will not return to prelevels [ph]. In another positive note, sales in Asia were particularly strong, with sales in India and China growing 31% and 26% for the year respectively, albeit off of a relatively small base. Within the Tech Group segment, revenues were $66.2 million for the quarter, a decrease of roughly 5% as a result of lost Exubera sales, which totaled $5.3 million in the fourth quarter of 2007. This is the last period that will be comparable to the prior period with Exubera sales. Adjusting for the lost sales, revenues at Tech grew approximately 2%. Tech did continue its margin improvements due to strong demand for medical devices and filter components, coupled with much improved operating efficiency at Texas [ph], Puerto Rico, and Grand Rapids operation. Gross margins improved 0.6 percentage points overall versus the prior year to 12.3%. The restructuring initiated at the end of 2007 is now largely complete having being accomplished under budget and yielding cost savings ahead of plan. Bill will provide greater detail on our segment results in a few moments. Overall, in light of the numerous challenges we faced throughout the year, I would say that our results reflect the underlying strength and resiliency of our business and our success in offsetting higher costs through an effective combination of improved operating efficiencies, spending controls and cost offsets. Turning quickly to our ongoing capacity expansion projects, our operating groups made substantial progress against our goals, while holding total capital spending to $131 million versus a budget of $145 million at the outset of the year. Our China plastics facility began in the first quarter of 2008 will be completed in the first quarter of this year, and following systems validation and testing will begin commercial production in the third quarter. Production has begun in our newly installed systems in both Germany and Kovin Serbia facilities. Singapore will be completed in early third quarter, and our project team in India has identified a site for a future rubber manufacturing facility. Also through a redesign of our plant layout in Clearwater, Florida, the project team managed to increase capacity and throughput to the point where a planned $3.5 million capital expansion investment can now be deferred. Also, the North American SAP conversion is on schedule and budget with the next planned switchover scheduled for mid-2009. In terms of our three new major product development programs, NovoGuard [ph], ConfiDose, our proprietary auto injector; and Daikyo's Crystal Zenith resin, we also made excellent progress during the year. The NovoGuard 510 (k) was filed with the FDA at the end of the third quarter. This is West proprietary passive needle safety system. And following the completion of an ongoing trial, we hope to have approval for commercial marketing early in the second quarter of this year. We completed and sampled customers with the first prototypes of ConfiDose, and we continue to see growing interest in the application of Daikyo's Crystal Zenith resin to packaging and storage systems for a range of challenging molecules. Throughout the year, it was a substantial increase in the number of customers performing stability studies with CZ in both vial and syringe formats. We also received our largest order to date for samples to be used initially in a filling trial, followed by a clinical trial planned by a customer for the fourth quarter. Current therapeutic areas where new molecules are undergoing stability and compatibility trials include cancer, autoimmune diseases such as lupus and arthritis, macular degeneration and vaccine. Overall, I'm very pleased with our progress on both our capacity expansion and development programs for the year. Looking ahead to 2009, there is no doubt that all sectors of the economy are to varying degrees feeling the effects of the global downturn, and this includes healthcare. Many of the challenges that arose in the second half of 2008 will remain with us through the end of 2009, and when coupled with the economic outlook globally made 2009 a much more challenging climate to manage through in 2008. That having been said, overall, we believe we will see organic growth in the Pharmaceutical Systems segment of 6% to 8% excluding the currency, with Tech sales down slightly due to contractual resin cost pass through impacting sales in that segment. It goes without saying that both individuals and companies are managing their spending very carefully. Our pharmaceutical and healthcare customers are seeing this in their businesses, and while we have no specific indicators for downstream consumption of our products, recent customer order inputs suggest that many of our customers are simply looking for ways to reduce working capital, and are being careful with placing orders thus providing some uncertainty to our normal visibility. Although our backlog remained strong overall, the composition and timing of orders leads us to slightly reduce our overall growth expectations to between 3% and 5% before currency effects. Secondly, we absorbed significantly higher costs in 2008, and as a result of the terms of our purchase agreements, some of those higher costs will continue into and through the first quarter of 2009. While we expect to get some relief as the year progresses, we remain wary of renewed volatility, specifically in the global oil market. Currency translation provided us with a tailwind during the first three quarters of 08, but turned against us in the final quarter of the year, and we expect it to work against us through 2009, where we think it will cost us about $70 million in reported sales and approximately $0.26 in earnings per diluted share. Additionally, pension assets, consisting of investment securities, suffered a setback in value as the result of the decline in equity markets during 2008, which will also have a measurable impact on our results in 2009. Given these circumstances, we clearly faced a broad range of challenges in developing our plans for 2009 and beyond. We are taking a longer view and sticking to our strategic plan. We are doing this because we believe our financial strength provides us the ability to continue to invest in our primary projects, which have long lead times and span economic cycles. We also believe that the cost of any delays in terms of opportunities lost or deferred outweighs significantly the potential near-term cost savings. However, this having been said, we will continue to periodically review all of our development and capital plans for opportunities to effectively reduce, differ, or eliminate costs. The outlook we are sharing with you this morning reflects those reductions in productions where they make sense. We also continue to look for acquisition opportunities at appropriate valuations to bolster our product and technology portfolio. Given our global manufacturing footprint, strength in biologics packaging and pipeline of delivery systems, I believe our value proposition remains sound and the strength of our current product portfolio coupled with the depth of our balance sheet will continue to serve us well in 2009 and beyond. I would now like to turn the call over to Bill Federici. Bill.
Bill Federici: Thank you, Don, and good morning, everyone. As indicated in this morning's press release, West reported fourth quarter 2008 income from continuing operations of $17.6 million, or $0.52 per diluted share versus the $0.19 per diluted share we reported in the fourth quarter of 2007. Excluding the effect of certain items in both years, fourth quarter 2008 adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.56 per share, $0.05 better than the 2007 fourth-quarter adjusted earnings of $0.51 per diluted share. The company's consolidated fourth quarter sales were $244.9 million, an increase of 1% over fourth quarter 2007 sales, excluding the negative effect of foreign currency translation and a 4% increase over Q4 2007, excluding FX and lost sales. This was the first quarter in several years that exchange had an unfavorable impact on sales and earnings, but we expect the continued relative strength of the US dollar to adversely impact reported results of each quarter of 2009 compared to 2008. Fourth quarter sales in the Pharm Systems segment were $181.6 million and grew by 3.7% over fourth quarter 2007 sales, excluding currency effects. The relatively modest growth was expected due to the decline in demand associated with discontinued production of the disposable medical device components in Europe. Excluding the effect of those lost sales in foreign exchange, Pharm Systems sales grew by 5% with most of the growth in North America and Asia. The Tech Group segment generated sales of $66.2 million in the quarter, 5.3% below sales in the prior year quarter, excluding exchange, largely due to the loss of Exubera sales to our former customer Nectar. In the fourth quarter of 2007, sales of the Exubera device was $5.3 million. Excluding the Exubera sales and currency effects, Techs Q4 2008 sales were 2.3% above Q4 2007 sales due to solid increases in demand for several products, including IV and blood filter products manufactured in our Michigan and Puerto Rico facilities, and (inaudible) closures produced in (inaudible). Looking at margins, consolidated gross profit margins for the quarter were 28.4%, nine-tenths of a margin point better than the 27.5% margins we achieved in the fourth quarter of 2007. Gross margin in the Pharm Systems segment were 33.8%, six-tenths of a margin point above last year's fourth-quarter margins with most of the improvement coming from the Americas units. The impact of lower sales, a $3.7 million adverse FX translation and higher raw material costs and higher utilities and labor costs were offset by pricing and operating efficiencies. In the Tech Group segment, margins also increased over the prior year quarter by six-tenths of a margin point to 12.3%. The margin improvement was due to lower direct labor costs coming from increased manufacturing efficiencies, now that several of our new product transitions are behind us, and increased utilization and better overhead absorption in several plants. The cumulative effect of the margin improvements more than offset the impact of higher raw material prices, which were mostly passed through to customers, and the 1.9 margin point decline related to the loss of the Exubera device revenues, which were included in Q4 2007 margins. Consolidated SG&A expenses decreased by $2.7 million, or 7% in the current year quarter versus the prior year quarter. The decrease was due primarily to lower stock compensation expense relating to the decline in the company's share price during the quarter compared to a smaller share price decrease in the prior-years fourth quarter, the effect of foreign currency translation, and lower outside services expenses. Partially offsetting these declines were increased compensation related cost mostly for incentive compensation, severance cost, and annual salary increases and higher IT related depreciation expense. As a percentage of sales, fourth quarter 2008 SG&A expenses at 15% were slightly less than the fourth-quarter 2007 level of 15.5%. Net interest expense was $1.6 million higher than the fourth quarter 2007 expense, due mostly to lower interest income as we had less cash on hand throughout the quarter than we did in last years fourth quarter. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 17.2%, which includes the effect of the discrete tax benefits we mentioned earlier. Our full-year effective tax rate for 2008, excluding any discrete tax items, was 24.8% versus 28.7% in 2007 with much of the improvement due to negotiated rate reductions in certain international jurisdictions, additional use of R&D tax credits, favorable transfer pricing changes, and the change in the geographic mix of earnings. Our balance sheet remains strong and our business continues to provide necessary liquidity. The company's cash balance at December 31 was $87.2 million. Working capital total $207 million at December 31, 2008, $22 million below the prior year end. Debt at December 31 was $386 million, down $9 million from prior year end; and our net debt-to-total invested capital ratio at year end was 38%, 1.1 percentage point higher than at the prior year-end with the increase due to the reduction in equity associated with our pension asset decline. Operating cash flow was $44 million for the quarter ended December 31, 2008, and we incurred capital expenditures of $43.6 million in the fourth quarter with approximately 50% of the capital focused on new product and expansion activities, mostly for a our Pharmaceutical Systems European plant expansions and the construction of our new China facility. Full year CapEx was $131.8 million, including approximately $50 million of maintenance capital, $25 million of IT related CapEx, and $55 million of new product and expansion activities. Our 2009 budget for CapEx is $140 million, but we will continue to monitor customer demand and will reduce our CapEx spend where possible. In summary, in light of the challenging economic climate, and the significant adverse impact of the lost sales, we had a strong fourth quarter which capped off another successful year. Looking ahead, we also detailed in our earnings guidance for 2009 in this morning's release. As indicated, we expect that our 2009 revenue and operating profit levels will be significantly affected by the strengthening of the US dollar versus the euro and other international currencies. At current exchange rates, 2009 results would be adversely impacted by $0.26 per share. As we now see it, we expect that the sales on an actual exchange basis will decline by about 2% to 4% versus 2008 sales levels, although they will grow on a constant exchange basis by 3% to 5%. In addition, adverse market conditions contributed to a 29% decline in the value of our US pension assets during 2008. With the effect of increasing estimated 2009 pension expense by approximately $10 million or $0.18 per share over our comparable 2008 expense. Coupling that effect with the exchange effect, we expect operating profits will be adversely impacted by $0.44 per share. With that said, we expect 2009 earnings to be between $2.05 and $2.25 per diluted share based on expected sales of approximately $1.01 billion to $1.03 billion. Excluding the exchange and pension effect of $.44 per share, earnings in the projected range would yield an increase in EPS of 5% to 14% over 2008. We expect that Pharm Systems will have sales of $770 million to $785 million, roughly equal to 2008 levels at actual exchange rates due primarily to the adverse effect of exchange. On a constant exchange basis, Pharm Systems sales are expected to grow 6% to 8%. Gross margins in the Pharm Systems are expected to increase to 35.5% for the year, approximately 2 margin points above our 2008 margins. To get there despite low volume growth, we are counting on achieving price increases in the 2% to 3% range on average, additional lean savings in our European-American units to offset higher material prices in the first half of 2009, wage increases and higher depreciation expense. In the Tech Group, we are expecting to see modest declines in sales levels of approximately 1% to 3% excluding exchange effects. The sales levels significantly affected by the impact of lower raw material resin prices on sales. Tech Groups gross margins are expected to improve by about three-tenths of a margin point to 14% on sales of $250 million to $255 million with the gross margin improvement due also to lean and restructuring savings, product rationalization, and continued margin improvement at the Grand Rapids, Michigan facility. Consolidated R&D expenses are expected to increase $5.3 million versus 2008 as we continue to spend in support of our innovative products, heavily weighted towards spending on CZ, which is experiencing significant sampling activities and is expected to achieve commercial sales in 2011. Selling, general, and administrative expenses will increase in 2009 with most of the increase expected to come from the $10 million increase in pension cost and increase in stock compensation cost based on our expectation that the stock price will increase in 2009 versus the stocks declined in 2008, continued investment and associated depreciation in information system initiatives mostly in our Pharm Systems North America unit, and the impact of headcount increases mostly in Pharm Systems business units to support new growth plans and new programs. As a percentage of sales, we expect full year 2009 SG&A expenses to be approximately 1 percentage point higher than 2008, excluding the impact of pension and SAP related increased cost. Our 2009 earnings guidance does not include any 2009 expenses related to the 2007 Tech Group restructuring, the effects of any significant additional increases in raw material and energy costs or the effects of currency valuation changes, particularly the euro, which is reflected in our 2009 estimate at $1.28 per euro. Every $0.10 strengthening of the US dollar versus our international currencies decreases EPS by approximately $0.12. As you know, we do not provide guidance for any interim periods, however, unlike prior years, our first half of 2009 will be significantly impacted by the factors we have discussed, a $23 million decrease in backlog, which is comprised of $13 million of currency translation and approximately $10 million of customer order timing and inventory management, FX translation is expected to impact  to adversely impact 2009 by approximately $0.26, $0.10 impacting the first quarter of 2009 compared to our 2008 levels due to the relative strengthening of the dollar in translation of our international operations. Our North America operations will take an operating charge of approximately $1.5 million in Q1 2009 to reflect the re-organization and relocation of our labs business. For the full year 2009, our operating profit margin, excluding increased pension and currency translation is expected to increase by approximately one margin point versus 2008. I would now like to turn the call back over to Don Morel. Don.
Don Morel: Thanks very much Bill. Before we turn to your questions, I would like to reiterate several key points from our commentary. First, as Bill indicated, changes in customer order patterns and the impact of currency translation and the timing of raw material price changes will likely result in stronger performance in the second half of the year. Second, our backlog remains very strong with orders on hand just below 2008 levels at this time. Third, going forward we expect gross margin levels to improve as mix improves, pricing [ph] to the full year and we recognized the benefits of lower oil prices and the cost of few raw materials. Fourth, our operating efficiency will improve as our expansion projects wind down and new capacity comes on line. And finally, our operating cash flows and balance sheet provide us with the ability to manage conservatively the near-term economic challenges as we continue to fund our primary long-term R&D and expansion programs. This concludes our remarks for this morning, and we will now be placed to answer any questions that you might have. Operator.
Operator: Thank you sir. (Operator instructions) Our first question comes from Mr. Arnie Ursaner. Sir your line is open.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: Hi good morning.
Don Morel: Good morning Arnie.
Bill Federici: Good morning Arnie.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: I guess the first thing I want to follow  start with is, in November your revenue guidance for the year had been 5 to 7 or preliminary guidance for the 09 had been 5 to 7 and now you are bringing it down to 3 to 5 and that is ex-currency. I just want to be very, very clear because in the past you have walked away from certain programs or had cancellations. Embedded in this you did not have any specific program or cancellation that affected the revenue growth?
Don Morel: No.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: Okay. And again just to be very, very clear none of your guidance includes any of the contribution from your key development programs. None of that will create revenue in any material way in 09?
Don Morel: Not in 09, that's correct.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: Okay. Question  real quick question for Bill if I can.
Bill Federici: Yes sir.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: You mentioned you had $140 million budgeted capital spending, and Don you had mentioned in your prepared remarks you have identified a site in India. Do you have an India facility embedded in your CapEx guidance?
Bill Federici: We have in our  this year's 2009 guidance we have the cost of acquiring land, which is approximately, our guesstimate is approximately $3 million.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: But not the cost of the plant.
Bill Federici: Not the cost of the plant which would not  probably would not commence until either late in 09 or 10.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: Okay, and do you have a D&A number expectation for 2009 please?
Bill Federici: Yes, it was just, you know, the D&A was $60 million in 2008 and the D&A expectation is about $8 million higher than that for 2009.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: And how much of that will run through the SG&A line?
Bill Federici: About $4 million of the increase will run through SG&A.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: Okay. So, you mentioned on your SG&A that it would be up about 1% but I think the 1% excluded 
Don Morel: Yes, it includes pension and currency Arnie.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: And since you will be incurring those, how much will the SG&A be up in total including those items.
Don Morel: About  percentage wise or  I will give you percentage. It is 17.9% as a percentage of sales.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: Okay. My final question relates to the margin trends in Tech Group. You obviously went through a restructuring and relative to my model at least in Q4 that was one of the more disappointing line-items, and yet your guidance for the upcoming year even with the restructuring is lower than your guidance or views two years ago. Can you comment a little bit more about what is happening in Tech group? I know, you had hoped to replace lower margin business with better business. Is that a challenge in the current environment and one of the factors behind your  what I would view is cautious margin guidance in Tech group.
Bill Federici: The answer to the first question is absolutely. We overall are still seeking to replace the lower margin business. It is happening slowly. A lot of it is related to the timing of the programs that are coming out of our development efforts because NovoGuard, ConfiDose, and the CZ 1mL insert needle syringe will all be produced at Tech, and as we have discussed previously they won't hit until 2011. You know, we continue to look for things to put in there that make good sense but, you know, the opportunities have been a little bit more difficult than we had imagined in this environment. The margin issue, I think, comes back to some of the pressures on converting the Grand Rapids facility overall to the high-volume filter production, and we are little bit behind there. Our hope is that as we get more efficient running those lines going through the year, those margins will improve.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: Okay. One more  I do have one more question if I may  I know you don't have a direct competitor that we can really highlight, but (inaudible), which does compete with you in Europe just had really strong results. So the one question is, are you losing share to them?
Don Morel: No. We don't really compete head-to-head with them. There are customers on the prefill side. The only area where there might be competition is in their Golden [ph] subsidiary area, where we both do molding.
Bill Federici: For plastics.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities: Okay, thank you.
Don Morel: You're welcome Arnie.
Operator: Our next question comes from Raphael [ph] from UBS. Sir your line is open.
Raphael  UBS: Hi, good morning. Can you hear me?
Don Morel: Good morning Raphael.
Raphael  UBS: Just a couple of questions for you. I know in the past in the discussions that you put out there that you do your annual renegotiations of contracts at the beginning of the year. Just wanted to get an update of where we stand and where you stand with those negotiations?
Don Morel: Actually, our pricing rolls in at the beginning of the year for those customers that are not covered by contract and that is about 95% complete. As we sit here today, we've been pretty successful in getting pricing overall. The other contract, the longer term contracts, that range between 3 and 5 years come up periodically during the year depending on when they expire obviously, but all of the major contracts to my knowledge have been finalized.
Bill Federici: Okay. And the price increases on those contracts are contractually dictated by the 
Raphael  UBS: Okay. Are you generally achieving a slightly higher pricing than you have in the past I think you've done about 1% to 2%?
Don Morel: Yes. As I mentioned in my commentary Raphael that we are expecting 2  between 2% and 3% this year as opposed to 1% to 2% that we have seen historically.
Raphael  UBS: Okay, great. And I guess just a little bit more color on the 2009 guidance. I guess, you know, you mentioned the sort of organic growth that you're expecting from (inaudible). In general, what are your volume and pricing assumptions that are embedded in that 2009 guidance?
Don Morel: Yes, again it's the 2% to 3% on the pricing. Volume is going to be very low, you know, you can say somewhere between depending on which segment of the business you are looking at 0% to 1%, and the rest is mix and lean and some of the other things that we talked about.
Raphael  UBS: Okay. And are you incorporating any potential approvals of new biologics into this guidance?
Bill Federici: No. It is not significant.
Don Morel: There are, maybe some that will be out there during the year, but none that are going to move the meter significantly.
Raphael  UBS: Okay.
Bill Federici: You know, the only other thing I point out is that the volume situation relates directly to overall volume expectations in Western Europe and North America in terms of pharma growth.
Raphael  UBS: Okay. In terms of the ordering patterns that you're seeing, I know, you had mentioned that you are expecting a pick up in the second half of 2009, but can you provide us a little bit more detail on the different customer segments. I mean, are you seeing  are you expecting a bit more growth from your biologics customers or pharma?
Don Morel: I think the general economic conditions are just going to make things flow through the year a bit differently than we've seen in the past. We got a range of customers that would traditionally place the blanket order at the beginning of the year and reach a level load [ph]. I think they are being a bit more cautious and they are placing orders for six months with the second order coming in six months later on. We're also seeing some instances where customers are keeping to their traditional order pattern, but might be ordering something slightly less than what they had ordered previously, you know, overall when you look at the distribution of our backlog, it tends to push the back-end of the curve out just a little bit. So, this will be one of the more challenging years in terms of managing timing as we work through the year. We're not losing any business, but we are seeing a certain conservatism in the order patterns from our customers that we haven't seen in the last couple of years.
Bill Federici: And as we suggested, we think that the mix is also going to get a little better. You know, we talked about the ESAs having basically zero in 2008 sales. When we look at 2007, we were in the 18 million range roughly. We will get some of that back in 2009, and again that has a nice margin lift to it. So, we are guiding to a gross margin of approximately 2 percentage points increase versus the prior year for farm systems.
Raphael  UBS: And what exactly was your backlog, I mean 
Don Morel: It was 250, these are rough numbers. $250 million at the end of last year. At the end of this year you're talking about roughly $230 million. There is about a $23 million delta.
Raphael  UBS: And I guess, are you expecting that backlog just to remain flat or come back in with your operation efficiencies?
Bill Federici: It is  the backlog is even with last year as we sit here today, my guess is that depending on the nature of how orders develop it is probably going to creep down slightly as our ability to hit lead times improve, and as our lead times shrink. Last year, when we were early in the year even at the end of 07, it had increased because demand in our European facilities in particular was so heavy. Customers were ordering a bit to create a safety range because the lead times were 14 to 16 weeks and in some cases longer. Now, in the metal side of the business that is back down to where we like it to be. It is in that kind of 6 to 8 range, and on the rubber side it is in the 10 to 12 and that is where we are comfortable and we operate best.
Raphael  UBS: Okay. And I guess just quickly can you remind us of the new products that we should be looking out for?
Don Morel: The biggest one this year is going to be NovoGuard, the uptake of NovoGuard. You know, as we speak the final clinical trial is ongoing. Hopefully, that will be wrapped up within a couple of days. Data will be submitted and will be good to go early in the second quarter. The main product, I think to keep an eye on is the customer uptake at CZ, in terms of clinical and filling trials and doing stability. Their 2008 was a tremendous year. You know, when I look at the backlog of customers that are testing not only vials but syringes in CZ with new molecules as well as existing formulations. That story is terrific. It is way above our expectations. Unfortunately, the commercial part of that wont hit until 2011.
Raphael  UBS: Right, and just last one from me, in the past you have given your five-year financial goals, which include that organic sales growth of about 7% and 9% and operating profits of 10% to 12%. I guess, are you still sticking to those long-term goals or you currently reevaluating some of these metrics?
Don Morel: No. I see no reason to change those. I mean, we said we'll have some years where we are lower than that, and some years where we're higher than that. And this plant, when we developed it at the end of last year, you know, clearly we knew there was going to be some economic turmoil near-term, but we have factored those as we begin to phase in the newer products in 2011 through 2013. So, you may see some softer mid-to-high single digit growth in the first part of the plan, but our expectation now looking at our forecast is that it will average out to those numbers by the time we get to the end of the five-year.
Raphael  UBS: Okay, great. I will jump back in the queue. Thank you.
Don Morel: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mr. Adam Fizzard [ph] from Barclays Capital. Sir, your line is open.
Adam Fizzard  Barclays Capital: Good morning guys.
Don Morel: Good morning Adam.
Bill Federici: Good morning Adam
Adam Fizzard  Barclays Capital: I am just trying to get a little more color on, I guess, the growth by region and I think you gave it last quarter. Kind of what was the domestic and international growth for the quarter?
Bill Federici: Hold on a sec, let me  I don't have that record in front of me, I'll grab it. If you have another question while I'm grabbing that we would be happy to take it.
Adam Fizzard  Barclays Capital: I mean, I guess for Don. Just, has there been any big difference in the feedback that you are getting from customers in the US versus Europe or has it been fairly similar?
Don Morel: No, I think we're actually seeing a bit more optimism on the European side. Our European backlog is actually ahead of where it was at this point in the last year. Within the US, we're seeing a great deal of more conservatism in how the orders are placed.
Bill Federici: Adam, I have those numbers for you if you'd like.
Adam Fizzard  Barclays Capital: Sure.
Bill Federici: On farm systems, our fourth-quarter domestic sales were up 4.7%, international sales were up 5.1%. On a consolidated basis, our domestic sales were actually down 1.1%, and international was up 3% for the quarter.
Adam Fizzard  Barclays Capital: And that Bill, I think that compares to domestic was down 5% last quarter.
Bill Federici: I don't remember the last quarter number Adam. I apologize.
Adam Fizzard  Barclays Capital: Okay, I will look back.
Bill Federici: But those numbers I gave you are excluding the exchange effect, so you're getting an apples-to-apples number.
Adam Fizzard  Barclays Capital: Okay, so it is constant currency.
Bill Federici: Yes, it is.
Adam Fizzard  Barclays Capital: Okay great. And then just a bit little more color on the pension assumptions.
Bill Federici: Sure.
Adam Fizzard  Barclays Capital: You were saying an incremental of $10.3 million.
Bill Federici: That's correct.
Adam Fizzard  Barclays Capital: Is that, I guess locked in or is that maybe good change if the markets continued to 
Bill Federici: The way the actuarial valuation works, which drives the pension expense for 2009. It is done as of December 31, 2008. So, we absolutely know, you know, that $10.3 million will roll through our P&L in 2009. What we don't know and what is the variable going forward is what the actual results of the investments will be in 2009 versus the assumptions weve made in our actuarial evaluation, which were 8% long-term return on assets. So, again the way it's kind of crazy accounting, but the way it works is you take whatever that  at the beginning of the year you strike your pension expense and that you take one-twelfth over each month over the year and as your amounts of return on your assets goes up or down that gets accumulated into an unrecognized bucket within the actuarial valuation and then when you strike your expense for the next year again. So, at 12/31/09 we will take into account whatever the actual performance was for 2009.
Adam Fizzard  Barclays Capital: So, I guess you're saying that we would see it could be another increase in 2010. That's what you are kind of seeing?
Bill Federici: It could.
Adam Fizzard  Barclays Capital: Okay.
Bill Federici: And you will see, just see if everybody  just to make sure we're clear on this. The 10.3 is composed of 2 pieces. The first piece is what I was just describing, which is roughly half of that number, about $5 million, which is the loss that we incurred in 2008 that is going to be amortized into the calculation. It gets amortized over roughly 10 years. So that is about $5 million a year on our $50 million loss. The other piece is the actual assets are less. So you're earning less interest on those assets, which helps to offset your service cost during the year, and that is roughly $5 million. So, the two pieces of the puzzle though are total up to $10 million, but if, for instance, the assets do recover during the 2009 year, you won't continue to see that $5 million increase in your P&L going forward, but the $5 million that relates to the amortized  the loss that is being amortized, you will see that over a ten-year period, each year of $5 million a year.
Adam Fizzard  Barclays Capital: Great, thanks for the clarification, the detail.
Bill Federici: No problem.
Adam Fizzard  Barclays Capital: And then just, I think, you mentioned in the release a $1 million charge taken on an investment. Could you remind me what that is?
Bill Federici: Yes. What we had was a  what we referred to as a super money market account. We had invested $25 million with one of our banks to give us a little better than the standard CD rates that we were earning and that fund which was, it is Colombia's strategic cash fund, I think it is the name of it, actually ran into some redemption problems and it did not invest in any super sophisticated assets, but it wasn't all just plain money market account, and so what we have been doing is, what is required by GAAP is that you take that amount and reclassify it as investments as opposed to cash, and you mark it to market each quarter, which is what we've been doing. So, we took an approximately $1 million charge during the year for the fact that this  the underlying investments have gone down in value. Now, the good news is we originally invested $25 million in this in the fourth quarter of 2007. We're down to $5 million left. We had redemptions in that fund of $19 million rough numbers, and there is only about $5 million left to be recouped, most of which, $4 million of which, we believe, we are going to get in 2009.
Adam Fizzard  Barclays Capital: Okay, so unlikely to see other write-downs, I guess associated with this.
Bill Federici: There is a possibility that there could be some small additional write-downs, but again you're talking on a base of $5 million now, not on a base of $25 million.
Adam Fizzard  Barclays Capital: Okay, and last question from me, just on, I guess, AR collections, looking at any signs of slowing or changes there.
Bill Federici: Actually, what we are seeing is our guys have done a great job. You noticed our working capital was down $20 million. Our actual current receivables have actually gone up. So we are  the percentage of our receivables that are current has actually increased over the year reflecting our  we've been beating on our people pretty heavily to get out there and collect receivables. Will we see it? It is very possible, but as of right now we are not seeing it, Adam.
Adam Fizzard  Barclays Capital: Great, thanks a lot for the details guys.
Bill Federici: You're welcome.
Don Morel: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Our next question comes from Mr. Rick Dalton [ph] with Colombo Management [ph]. Sir, your line is open.
Rick Dalton  Colombo Management: Yes, I just would like to make an observation and then maybe get some feedback on, you know, philosophy I guess in general regarding expenses. We listen to an awful lot of calls, and obviously it's a tough economy. You guys have talked about all the headwinds you are experiencing, and yet upfront you talked about pay raises for this year. I think you said, you know, there were some bonuses paid and things. Why not, you know, in I guess the good times, you guys have done quite well. Why not in these tougher times, you know, sort of waive the increases like 95% of the other companies are doing. Why are you putting yourself on a different platform on the expense side than philosophically a lot of other companies are.
Don Morel: I think there is really two parts to that question. One is that the broad-spectrum of the folks in the company that produce the results in 08, I think, deserve an increase. The workload that was put on them between simultaneously managing very heavy demand, while executing our expansion programs in existing facilities and even building the new facilities was an absolutely terrific effort. That having been said, I do think it is appropriate that the officers of the company defer an increase in their salary and we're going to do that. Looking forward for us, it is an issue of competing for talent and we're going to continue to recruit and build our base as best we can with the best people that we can find and for us being a billion-dollar company within the healthcare segment, it means bearing some pain on the salary side. So, those two factors are going to keep us there.
Bill Federici: And the one other comment, I think I would add to Don is that our incentive compensation is based very much tied to the growth and profitability of the company. You know, our long-term incentive plan has two metrics, 50% rated each, one is the compound annual growth rate on sales and the second one is the return on invested capital. So, to the extent that we don't perform, we won't get paid and that is the way it is.
Rick Dalton  Colombo Management: I mean, you know, in one sense clearly you guys shouldnt be penalized for a pension expense, and you shouldn't necessarily be penalized by FX expense but having said that you had been a huge beneficiary of FX and you're getting the rewards for that. So I guess, you know, you cant have it both ways in my mind anyway.
Don Morel: We don't do that. Our plan specifically calls for everything to be FX neutral. So, we do not benefit when FX works with us.
Bill Federici: In the past three years, we have reduced our payouts for the fact that there was positive FX.
Rick Dalton  Colombo Management: Okay, I'm glad to hear that, but you know, this is a tough job environment. I hear what you're saying as it relates to healthcare but I would ask you to re-look at that in these tough times, and see where else you can take some cost out during these more painful times. You know, clearly shareholders are taking it on the chin today and have been and, you know, I think we'd take it less on the chin if the cost side were being choked back a little bit in this environment.
Don Morel: We don't disagree. We tend to watch that line very, very closely and where we have opportunities we will cut cost when prudent.
Rick Dalton  Colombo Management: All right, thanks.
Don Morel: You are welcome.
Bill Federici: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mr. Christian Mikel [ph] from Orlando [ph].
Christian Mikel  Orlando: Yes, thanks for taking the call. I have three questions. The first is on the backlog. You mentioned some moderation of that and as you entered the year, and so I guess the question is how much visibility does this really provide. Can customers cancel their orders at any time or these take-or-pay contracts, maybe just some 
Bill Federici: Combination of both. The actual change in the backlog has really to do with the composition of the delivery times. The overall dollar magnitude of the backlog is healthy as it has ever been. So, what we're seeing is a slight change in delivery expectations and quantities within those delivery expectations. You know, and again I think that is just the sign of the times.
Christian Mikel  Orlando: But that means that customers are simply ordering less.
Don Morel: But they may either be ordering less or they may actually be just, you know, our lead times have come down in our production facility. So, they don't need to order as much in terms of safety stock or order ahead of the curve as they had in the past when our lead times were up in the 16 to 18 weeks. So, you know, you're seeing  there are a number of variables that play there that, you know, as Don mentioned we are not losing any business. It is  these are really timing issues plus some conservatism on the fact that the economy is troubling most companies and, you know, maybe causing them to delay putting their orders in.
Christian Mikel  Orlando: And so, then the second question is how much do you expect customer inventory destocking or slower sales, which is specifically related destocking will impact you in 2009, either sales growth reduction or dollars lost, and how do you measure the impact of this drawdown. I mean, what sort of visibility do you have about your customers inventory levels. How much do you assume will be drawn down and how long that adjustment process will take and in your guidance do you assume a replenishment of the inventory levels in the back half of 2009 or do you assume that they don't or, you know, maybe you can just talk a little bit about that.
Don Morel: With regard to the visibility question, usually our visibility on a quarter-to-quarter basis is pretty good and it tails off as we go through the year. So, as we enter a quarter historically we got between 85% and 90% of our orders on the books. I think, the uncertainty we are seeing now is that there is probably a 5% to 10% swing in that number as the composition of the backlog goes further out and in some cases now even part of that backlog is into 2010. We try and stay as close to our customers as we possibly can. It benefits us because smoother order patterns allow us to level load our factories. Sometimes, they are not the most forthcoming folks in the world, then we have to go on historical averages, which is the way that we would plan. You know, as we said here now I think for the first half of the year they are going to be conservative, they are going to draw down their inventory slightly and then we'll see it start to come back in the second half of the year.
Christian Mikel  Orlando: So, are you assuming that the inventory drawdown is done by the end of Q1 or do you assume that 
Don Morel: It is going to go up and down through the year.
Bill Federici: But the big chunk of it does hit in Q1, you are correct.
Christian Mikel  Orlando: But you are also implicitly assuming that those inventory levels  that drawdown of inventories would finish by year-end.
Don Morel: It will stabilize. It may not completely come back and again our visibility in the back half is a lot less clear than it is in the first-half. So, but that is our assumption.
Christian Mikel  Orlando: And are there any products in particular in which this kind of destocking issue has occurred or is this across-the-board.
Don Morel: I cant think of a single category where it has been pronounced. It is certainly not like the ESA situation we saw, which was dramatic.
Christian Mikel  Orlando: And the last question is just free-cash flow expectation for 2009.
Bill Federici: The free cash that we are expecting for 2009 is in that roughly  let me back up. I'll start from the top. Operating cash flow is going to be roughly $150 plus million. We'll use approximately again our guess is $140 million for CapEx, although we are looking very closely at that to see whether there are items that we can defer or delay or cancel. We also pay a dividend as you know to our shareholders and that is roughly $20 million. So, when youre defining whatever you are going to define as free cash flow. If you are looking at operating cash flow less our CapEx and our dividend, you know, there will be very minimal free cash flow in that regard but our operating cash flows are very healthy and allow us to afford the dividend and the CapEx.
Christian Mikel  Orlando: And why is the CapEx so high, I mean is there  how would you break down maintenance versus  because right now, the cash flow from the business isnt covering the capital investment and the dividend.
Bill Federici: If you look at the maintenance cap, it is only about between $50 million and $60 million. It was $50 rough numbers for 2008. We spent roughly $25 million in 2008 on IT, mostly for SAP and related shop floor systems that we are changing out in our North American unit. And the rest of it, about $55 million is these new product expansions that we are going through mostly in Europe.
Christian Mikel  Orlando: Okay.
Don Morel: But the other answer to the capital question is that the new product capital and we cant emphasize this enough typically takes from 2 to 4 years to start generating commercial sales. That is the price we pay for the longevity of the business once it goes through the FDA cycle. So, by the time we order and put an equipment; by the time we validate and test sample our customers they complete their analysis and begin to produce commercial orders. It is a relatively lengthy process.
Christian Mikel  Orlando: So, is this 55 in capacity expansion just this year or is that something that is to recur in 2010.
Bill Federici: It will recur in 2009, we think to a certain extent less in Europe, more in Asia and in United States. We believe that a number, and again we are not guiding to 2010, but a number in that same kind of range is appropriate for 2010 if we continue to see the demand growing the way we expect it to continue to grow. You know, to grow in the kind of long-term range that we described earlier in the high-single digit, you need to add capacity to be able to continue to get those sales, and as Don said there is, you know, 2 to 4-year delay between when we put the cap in and when we get it, but once that capital is up and running and fully charged, all of this expansion capital that we are putting in is in these advanced systems that we're talking about the, you know, advanced coding and Westar processing systems that carry margins that are very, very  very strong margins and we believe are good investments in the long term.
Christian Mikel  Orlando: But it sounds like there was going to be some level of capacity investments on an ongoing basis.
Bill Federici: Correct.
Christian Mikel  Orlando: All right. Okay, thanks very much.
Bill Federici: Thank you.
Don Morel: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's question-and-answer session, and now I would like to turn the call over to Dr. Don Morel.
Don Morel: Thank you very much operator, and thanks to everyone for your time this morning. 2008 was another successful year for the company despite the economic climate and the loss of key sales at the outset of the year. For 2009, and beyond we remain focused on running the business efficiently, while continuing to invest for the future and building value over the long term. Thank you very much for your time this morning.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. Please disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-11-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Theresa Kelleher - IR, FD Don Morel - Chairman and CEO Bill Federici - VP and CFO
Analysts: Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital Ross Taylor - C.L. King James Sidoti - Sidoti & Company 
Operator:  Good morning and welcome to the West third quarter earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions). Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now, I will turn the conference over to Ms. Theresa Kelleher from FD. Ma'am, you may begin.
Theresa Kelleher: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to West third quarter 2008 results conference call. As you know, we issued our results this morning. The release has been posted on the company's website located at, www.westpharma.com. If you have not received a copy of this announcement, please call FD at 212-850-5600, and a copy will be sent to you. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that certain statements that may be made by management of the company may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements set forth anticipated results, based on management's plans and assumptions. Such statements give our current expectations or forecast of future events. They do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. In particular, these include statements concerning future actions, future performance or results of current and anticipated product, sales efforts, expenses, the outcome of contingencies such as legal proceedings and financial results. We have tried wherever possible to identify such statements by using words such as estimate, expect, intend, believe, plan, anticipate, and other words and terms of similar meaning in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance or condition. We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realized. If known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or if underlying assumptions are inaccurate, actual results could differ materially from past results, and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. For a non-exclusive list of those factors, which could cause actual result to differ from expectations, please refer to the factors listed in today's press release. Investors are also advised, however, to consult any further disclosures the company makes on related subjects in the company's 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In addition, management may make reference to adjusted operating profits and adjusted diluted EPS that are considered non-GAAP financial measures. These measures have no standardized meaning prescribed by US GAAP and therefore, may not be comparable to and should not be viewed as a substitute for US GAAP operating income and diluted EPS. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial results prepared in conformity to GAAP are provided in the materials accompanying this morning's earnings release. This call is being recorded on behalf of West and is copyrighted material. It cannot be rerecorded or rebroadcast without the company's express permission. Your participation on this call implies your consent to our taping. Once management has concluded their remarks, we will open the floor for questions. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Dr. Don Morel, Chairman and CEO.
Don Morel: Thanks very much, Theresa, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to West's third quarter conference call. Thank you for taking time to join us this morning. As Theresa mentioned, joining me for the call are Bill Federici, West's Chief Financial Officer, and Mike Anderson, our Treasurer and primary Investor Relations contact. I will begin today's call with a brief summary of our consolidated results and then provide a quick update on our ongoing expansion programs and major new product development projects, then close with an overview of our expectations for the fourth quarter and outlook for 2009. I will then turn the call over to Bill, who will take you through our quarterly results in greater detail. We reported consolidated revenues of $256.2 million for the quarter, up 5.6% over the third quarter of 2007. Third quarter diluted EPS from continuing operations came in at $0.40 per share versus the $0.36 that we reported last year. We are satisfied with these results in light of the unprecedented turmoil in the global financial markets, which reached its peak in mid-September and considering that the third quarter is traditionally the hardest for us to forecast, because of European summer plant shutdown and changes in inventory plans by our customers during the last half of the year. Predicting customer order patterns in the third quarter is further complicated by the fact that several of our large customers end their fiscal years on September 30. As we mentioned in our press release, comparisons with 2007 are difficult due to non-recurring sales of erythropoietin stimulating agent, or ESA, packaging components and Exubera inhaler devices, the impact of a settlement with Nektar Therapeutics, restructuring charges, and several discrete tax items in both periods. Excluding the effect of these items, adjusted operating profit fell slightly to $19.7 million in the quarter, resulting in adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.37 versus $0.42 in the third quarter of 2007. Excluding the $14.1 million in non-recurring sales from the third quarter of 2007 and the related $0.10 profit impact, sales on a constant exchange rate basis grew approximately 8% and adjusted earnings per share increased from $0.32 to $0.37 per share. Our gross margin was 25.7% compared to 26.5% in 2007, with the decline attributable to product mix, inefficiencies resulting from the plant shutdowns in Europe and a significant lag in our ability to recover raw material cost increases under the terms of our supply agreements. I would also point out that our margins, this quarter is impacted by the incremental expense of our ongoing expansion programs, particularly within our European facilities. With all that said, through the first nine months of the year, adjusted earnings from continuing operations are $1.83 per diluted share. Turning to our segment results, organic growth in key Pharmaceutical Systems product lines, coupled with the positive effects of foreign currency transaction, effectively offset sales declines in packaging for ESA drugs and the discontinued manufacturing of a diagnostic component. Normalized sales for the period grew approximately 9% with solid demand across most of our product lines. Within the Tech Group segment, although, revenues fell just over 4% as a the result of the discontinuation of the marketing of Exubera, Tech continued its improvement through the strong demand for disposable delivery systems, medical devices, and carton fitment coupled with much improved operating efficiency at our Puerto Rico and Grand Rapids facilities following the restructuring implemented at the end of last year. Gross margins improved by 1.7 percentage points overall to 14.4%. Bill will provide greater detail on our segment results in a few moments. However, overall, I would say that our quarterly, and year-to-date results, reflect the underlying strength and resiliency of our core business, and our success in offsetting higher cost through an effective combination of efficiencies and carefully selected price increases and [cost savings drug]. With regard to ongoing expansion and development programs, I am pleased to report that all of our major programs remain on plan. Our ongoing capacity expansion projects in North America, Europe, Singapore, and China remain on schedule. We are nearing the completion of our assessment for potential building locations in India for a manufacturing site. We continue to make progress on all of our Daikyo CZ resin development programs. During the quarter, we filed a 510-K with the FDA for [NovoGuard], our passive needle safety system, and Phase 2 of our SAP conversion in North America remains right on schedule, with three plants converted to-date. Overall, our financial condition remains stable. Our balance sheet remains strong, allowing us to fund both our development programs and our ongoing capacity expansions through our operating cash flows. In addition, the structure of our debt requires no new financing until April 2011, when our revolving credit facility will need to be refinanced. We will continue to manage our finances conservatively in the months ahead, creating value for our shareholders through the execution of our long-term strategic plan. Looking forward to the remainder of the quarter, our order book continues to strengthen. On a positive note, our Q4 orders are currently at greater than 95% of forecast for the quarter, and we have received several significant orders for coated product, including our first ESA packaging order in approximately 12 months. Although the market price for crude has recently declined dramatically, we continue to pursue actions to mitigate the impact of these cost increases on our profitability through a combination of SG&A spending controls, further efficiency and cost savings initiatives in our operations, price increases, and raw material surcharges where appropriate. While these initiatives will cover a significant percentage of the negative impact, the contractual lag with several large accounts and potential further price increases from vendors during the remainder of the year will have a moderating effect, primarily in North America, on our operating profit for the full year. Also, our exposure to foreign currency, and in particular the euro, will not have the same benefit as the first half of 2008 due to the substantial strengthening of the dollar in recent weeks, as a little more than half our sales originate outside the North American market. Taking all of this into account, Q4 adjusted earnings are expected to fall in the range of $0.55 to $0.60 per fully diluted share on sales between $250 million and $255 million. This assumes a dollar-euro conversion of $1.40 per euro, and would yield full year adjusted earnings per diluted share of $2.38 to $2.43 at or slightly below the low end of our recent guidance of $2.40 to $2.50 per diluted share. However, should the euro remain at approximately $1.30 to the euro, the fourth quarter EPS impact would be approximately $0.03 per diluted share. Many of the challenges previously discussed will remain with us through the end of the year, specifically, fluctuations in energy and raw material prices, currency fluctuations and continuing changes in our customer inventory policies. Our 2008 guidance includes our best estimate of the full year impact of these cost increases and forecasted customer demand to-date. Normalizing our sales and earnings for the year, excluding the impact of lost sales from 2007, and the impact of currency translation, would yield sales growth of 6.4% and EPS growth of 16% versus prior year. Given that we started the year with a roughly $60 million sales gap and an operating profit shortfall of approximately $25 million versus 2007, and faced with a less than favorable economic climate, 2008 is shaping up to be a solid productive year from an operating standpoint. Turning to 2009; based on current order bookings and forecasted customer demand, our current expectations reflect sales growth of 7% to 9% at constant exchange rates, with an improving gross margin. As we have in the past, we will provide greater detailed earnings guidance during our year-end call in February of 2009. Looking at the longer-term, the fundamentals driving our growth remain intact. That is, global demographics support an increasingly aging population. This population presents a greater incidence of chronic disease, and these diseases more frequently are treated with drugs of biologic origin. A broad range of new biologics are entering late-stage clinical trials, including novel vaccines. As, these drugs are all at the current time delivered by injection or infusion. The parenteral market continues to migrate towards combination products, where the primary drug container is integrated into the delivery platform. Advanced Western healthcare options continue to make inroads into developing countries like China and India. Taken collectively, these factors strongly support our continued growth in 2009. Given our global manufacturing footprint, our strengthened biologics packaging, and our pipeline of novel delivery devices, I believe West is extremely well positioned to take full advantage of these opportunities in our key market segments. We believe our value proposition remains fundamentally sound and that the strength of our current product portfolio, coupled with the depth of our balance sheet, will result in continued growth in the years ahead. With that, I will turn it over to Bill for his comments on our financials. Bill?
Bill Federici: Thank you, Don, and good morning, everyone. As indicated in this morning's press release, West reported third quarter 2008 income from continuing operations of $13.3 million, or $0.40 per diluted share. Our operating earnings in this quarter included a net after-tax gain of $1.1 million, or $0.03 per diluted share for the combined net effect of two items: a $2.2 million discrete tax benefit related to a reduction in the required tax reserves and an additional $1.1 million of after-tax carrying cost that we have incurred while reconfiguring the former Exubera facility to begin to produce other device products. Excluding the net positive effect of these two items on earnings, third quarter 2008 earnings from continuing operations were $0.37 per diluted share, compared to last year's third quarter adjusted earnings of $0.42 per diluted share. It is also important to note that last year's $0.42 third quarter included $14.1 million of sales, the equivalent of $0.10 per diluted earnings share of earnings, from the Exubera device, ESA drug, and disposable medical device components, products for which we had almost no associated third quarter 2008 revenues. The company's consolidated third quarter sales were $256.2 million, a 5.6% increase over third quarter 2007 sales. Excluding exchange effects, consolidated sales increased by 1.7% over prior year quarter. At $190.5 million, third quarter sales in the Pharm Systems segment were 9.6% above 2007 third quarter sales, with 4.7 percentage points of the increase due to currency effect. Relatively modest growth was expected due to the $6.8 million decline in sales associated with the ESA drug situation and the discontinued production of the disposable medical device components in Europe. Excluding the effect of the lost sales and favorable currency translation, third quarter 2008 Pharm Systems sales grew 9.2% which is in line with our longer term growth expectations. Growth was driven by increased sales, mostly in Europe, of non-coated stoppers used in vial packaging for a variety of products and higher sales of the company's flip-off seals and safety administration system products. The Tech Group segment generated sales of $68.3 million in the quarter, 6.2% below sales in the prior year quarter excluding exchange, largely due to the loss Exubera sales. In the third quarter of 2007, sales of the Exubera device were $7.3 million. Excluding the Exubera sales and currency affects, Tech Q3 2008 sales were up 4.5% versus Q3 2007. Serving to partially offset the sales losses were solid increases in demand for several specific products, including IV and blood filter products manufactured in our Michigan and Puerto Rico facilities, insulin pens made in both our Tempe and Dublin facilities, our SpoutPak closures for juice and dairy cartons, and components used in an intranasal allergy product. Looking at margins, consolidated gross profit margin for the quarter were 25.7%, eight-tenths of a margin point below the 26.5% margins we achieved in the third quarter of 2007. As we have previously addressed, our margins are historically lower in the third quarter due to the reduced production output resulting from our summer plant shutdowns. This year's consolidated third quarter margin was roughly even with last year's, if you eliminate the seven-tenths of a margin point drop in consolidated margins attributable to lost Nektar, anemia drug packaging and disposable medical device sales. Gross margins in the Pharm Systems segment were 29.5%, 2.3 margin points lower than in last year's third quarter, with declines in both the North America and Europe-Asia units. The decline is primarily due to the effect of increased raw material, labor, and utility costs, which were not fully recoverable through sales price increases, an unfavorable sales mix due largely to the lower ESA drug demand and higher plant overhead costs supporting our manufacturing capacity expansion program, and various other global manufacturing initiatives. In the Tech Group, margins increased over the prior year quarter by 1.7 margin points to 14.4%. The margin improvement was due to lower direct labor costs coming from increased manufacturing efficiencies, now that several of our new product transitions are behind us, increased utilization, and better overhead absorption in several plants. The cumulative effect of the margin improvement more than offset the impact from the lower Exubera device revenues, which produced $2.5 million of third quarter 2007 gross profits. Consolidated SG&A expenses increased by $3.8 million, or 10% in the current quarter versus the prior year quarter. The increase was due primarily to higher stock compensation expense relating to an increase in the company's share price during the current quarter compared to a share price decrease in the prior-year third quarter, which had a $2.1 million, or $0.04 negative effect on earnings versus the prior year quarter, the effect of foreign currency translation, increased compensation cost due to headcount increases, mostly in information technology roles in Pharm Systems segment and for annual salary adjustments. Partially offsetting these increases was a decline in projected incentive compensation expense. As a percentage of sales, third quarter 2008 SG&A expenses at 15.8%, excluding stock comp effects, were slightly less than Q3 2007 levels. Net interest expense was $1.9 million higher than the third quarter 2007 expense, due mostly to lower interest income as we had less cash on hand than we did last year, and lower market yields on invested cash. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 5.6%, which includes the effect of the discrete tax benefits we mentioned earlier. Our annual effective tax rate for 2008, excluding any discrete tax items, is currently estimated at 26.1%. The R&D investment credit extender tax bill passed in October 2008 will further reduce our effective tax rate for 2008 in quarter four. Our balance sheet remains strong and our business continues to provide needed liquidity. The company's cash balance at September 30 was $102.5 million, down $6 million from year-end 2007, primarily due to the payment of tax obligations in Brazil and debt repayment activity. Cash flow from operations was $42.1 million in the quarter, nearly $18 million higher than in the prior year quarter. We believe our operating cash flows are adequate to fund our operations, ongoing expansion, and development activities, and our dividend. In addition, we have a $200 million revolving line of credit maturing in April 2011, which has committed availability of approximately $165 million. Working capital totaled $245 million at September 30, 2008, about $20 million below last quarter end, but $15 million higher than at year-end 2007. Accounts receivable collection efforts reduced outstanding receivables by nearly $19 million during the quarter. Our days sales outstanding was reduced by 4.9 days during the quarter to 47.8 days. Debt at September 30 was $382.5 million, down by $15.7 million from last quarter; and our net debt-to-total invested capital ratio at quarter end was 34.2%, 2.7 percentage points lower than at year-end. We incurred capital expenditures of $35 million in the third quarter, with roughly half of the capital focused on new product and expansion activities, mostly in our Pharm Systems North America, Europe, and Asia capacity expansion, with the remainder split evenly between maintenance, normal maintenance, and IT initiatives. Our cash is conservatively invested, with approximately 80% of those funds invested in US dollar, euro, and British pound money market and bank deposits. Additionally, we have reviewed both our trade credit and non-trade counterparty risks, including interest rate swaps and forward currency, forward exchange contracts, used to minimize currency risks, and are satisfied that no significant exposures exist. Similar to other companies, the global economic crisis and the resulting decline in global stock markets have resulted in a decline in our pension asset values. We are closely monitoring the value of our pension assets to determine the level of additional funding necessary, which could approximate $20 million and the adverse impact on our next year's pension expense, if global equity markets do not recover from current levels. Looking ahead, our order backlog at September 30 remains healthy at $230 million, about $10 million below then the backlog from the same point last year, excluding exchange effects. The reduction is due to the prior year backlog including amounts related to the anemia drug components. Also, our reduced plant lead times result in customers not needing to order as far in advance, nor do they need to hold as much West inventory. We expect to incur an additional $500,000 of Tech Group restructuring charges in the fourth quarter, with additional restructuring expenses of approximately $400,000 to $600,000 spilling over into 2009. We also expect to incur additional conversion and carrying costs of about $1.7 million in Q4 while finalizing the reconfiguration of the former Exubera facility. We plan to resume production in that facility in January of 2009. That effort is being funded by proceeds we received and recognized in the first and second quarters as a gain from the contract settlement we reached with Nektar. As we reported last quarter, our ultimate gain on the Nektar contract settlement is expected to be approximately $4 million. On the capital front, we continue to expect that full year capital expenditures will be approximately $145 million at actual rates for the first three quarters and at $1.40 per euro for Q4. As you know, much of our capital is being expended for needed capacity based on increasing demand for key products in multiple locations around the globe. I would now like to turn the call back to Don Morel. Don?
Don Morel: Thanks very much, Bill. Before we turn to your questions, I would like to reiterate several key points from our commentary. First, fourth quarter 2008 and 2009 demand continues to strengthen. Second, going forward, we expect gross margins to improve as mix becomes more favorable and we continue to recover raw material cost increases through contract price adjustments and increased pricing. Third, our operating efficiencies will improve as our expansion projects wind down during 2009 and new capacity comes online. Fourth, we are fully able to fund our ongoing capital expansion and new development programs through our operating cash flows. Fifth, we have ample liquidity for our needs, including the potential for acquisition. Finally, we intend to manage our finances conservatively through the near term economic challenges we all face. This concludes our remarks for this morning. We would now be pleased to answer any questions that you might have. Operator?
Operator: Our first question comes from Arnie Ursaner, CJS Securities.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: Hi, good morning, Don.
Don Morel: Good morning, Arnie.
Bill Federici: Good morning, Arnie.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: Don or Bill, in the Q2 conference call, you had quantified you expected a $0.06 hit from oil in the quarter. And now, that it's behind us and oil has been all over the place, can you attempt to quantify what the actual impact was in the quarter?
Bill Federici: Arnie, on the gross dollar basis, it was about $2 million, $2.5 million. About the issue and just let me clarify this, the $0.06 that you were talking about. We expected that over the final two quarters of 2008 and that was a net number, net of the surcharges that we were expecting to get from our customers in that same time period. So on a gross basis, we were expecting about $5 million and $2 million of price increases. So we are right on target in the $2.5 million that we incurred in the third quarter and expect about the same number, rough numbers, in the fourth quarter.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: Okay. Again, can you perhaps expand a little bit on the gross margin hit? You were up against the pretty easy comp last year, where you had inefficiencies as well. I mean again, simplistically, relative to my numbers, you had a $4 million revenue shortfall, but a $6 million gross profit hit. Can you expand a little bit more on some of the factors that hit? And why you're confident some of them may reverse?
Bill Federici: Sure. As you know, Arnie, there are a number of items that impact our margins in any particular quarter. If you look at the third quarter gross margin in 2008 versus 2007, and let's focus on Pharm Systems now, because we told you what the consolidated story was in the prepared remarks. You had 31.8% gross margin in Q3 2007. We got price increases that gave us a positive 1.6% impact. We had raw material at $2.5 million translated into a 1.6% decline in margins due to raw material and energy. Labor and overhead, during the same period in Q3 '08 versus Q3 '07 was another 1.6% negative. The lost sales impact that we have been quantifying for you was approximately 0.5% decrease in margin quarter-over-quarter. And FX was slightly negative when you look at it on a percentage of sales basis. So, those are the deltas that move you in that 2.3% down from Q3 '07 to Q3 '08.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: That's helpful. On Tech Group, can you quantify the impact of Michigan?
Bill Federici: Sure. Michigan was actually, if you remember in the prior year third quarter, it was slightly, prior year being 2007, was slightly negative. It was rough numbers order of magnitude about $600,000. In this year's quarter, we are basically flat. So, it was plus roughly $600,000 of OP increase.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: Okay. Bill, you went a little fast. Did you give us your operating cash flow number?
Bill Federici: Yes, we did. It is $42.1 million, Arnie, for the quarter.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: Two more very quick questions. You had a fire in your St. Austell rubber components plant in the UK. Did that have any measurable impact in the quarter?
Don Morel: No. We fully recovered from it. We lost a couple of days of production to get some electronics back up. But that was quickly repaired and there was no impact in the quarter.
Bill Federici: We did file a claim with the insurance company to pick up some money, a small amount about $700,000, Arnie. But obviously, we haven't seen that money yet. But we do actually expect we'll get a little bit back from that.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: Okay. My final question is for Don. I won't call it guidance, but your at least preliminary comments regarding 2009. The revenue growth makes a lot of sense and I can understand that. But just your broad comment of gross margin improvement seems to not capture a lot of moving parts that should lead to a dramatic improvement in gross margin. You should eliminate the losses in the Midwest facility, in Tech Group. You've taken restructuring charges. You've built that and had tremendous inefficiencies on your capacity add. You ought to be picking back ESA sales. Why just the comment globally that margin should improve? But why shouldn't they be materially or several hundred basis points higher, particularly if you can recover your raw material costs?
Don Morel: Yeah, I think for the very reason you opened with, Arnie; there are a lot of moving pieces. Right now, we're going through the budget exercise with the Board. We're trying to put as best a number around some of those that we can. And as we always do, we'll give you further guidance on that, relatively detailed guidance in our February call. But I like the way that '09 is shaping up. It's going to be up to us to manage diligently, and we should have a very good year.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: Okay. Look forward to seeing you in the Midwest tomorrow. Thanks again.
Don Morel: Thanks, Arnie.
Bill Federici: Thanks, Arnie.
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry Marsh, Barclays Capital.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: Thanks and good morning.
Don Morel: Good morning, Larry.
Bill Federici: Good morning, Larry.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: How are you?
Don Morel: Good. How are you?
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: Just elaborate a little bit about your currency assumptions. Obviously, you are commenting about $1.40 to the euro I guess fourth quarter, I guess implicitly for 2009. Just where do you come up with those assumptions? And you elaborate a little bit on the delta for the fourth quarter. It also could be, I think you said the delta, if it is $1.30.. You also talked about, I guess, 63% of Pharma Systems sales recorded in currency other than the US dollar. What is that percentage for your Tech Group? And do you have a rough estimate of constant currency growth in the US versus outside the US so far this year? Thanks.
Bill Federici: Okay. We will try to take those one at a time, Larry. You were right; it is $1.40 is what we have predicted for the fourth quarter. At $1.30 per euro, that would have a $0.03 effect on Q4, a $0.03 negative effect on Q4's earnings. Yes, you would have, why we picked $1.40? We have listened to our external experts, they are all over the map, as you would imagine. We don't have a crystal ball, but that's the number that we believe is our best guess at this point in time. We will continue to monitor it and change it as we go forward.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: Just to be clear, I mean it is now at, what, $1.26?
Bill Federici: It was $1.28 this morning. I don't know where it is right now.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: $1.28. So I guess your experts or whatever, you're assuming I guess a big increase in the euro versus the dollar given some of the global challenges. I would assume you would just say let's take the current rate and just kind of run it from there.
Bill Federici: Yes. If you remember two months ago, the current rate was almost $1.60, $1.50-something. So we are operating in a very, very volatile currency environment, and Larry, we are doing the absolute best we can with that that. We picked $1.40. We gave you the kind of the impact from that to $1.30. Where it's going to end up is anybody's guess. But we do believe it is going to strengthen. On your second question about the split between sales being inside, versus outside the US. For Tech, it is a much smaller percentage. It is only about 20% of their sales are outside of the US. So the impact of currency has been and continues to be much muted compared to Pharm Systems.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: And then just the growth, rough growth rate, US versus outside-US year-to-date, constant currency?
Bill Federici: On a constant currency basis? I don't have that number off the top of my head, but I can find it. Hold on, give me one second.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: Okay. I just wanted to, while you are looking for that, maybe just get you to elaborate a little bit on your pension cost assumptions and how that could change, given as you say the turmoil in the broad market. You threw out a $20 million number. Just help me understand what that is.
Bill Federici: Yes. And I will put some numbers around it and hopefully I won't bore you with the details. But we have approximately a $190 million pension liability. We had approximately $190 million worth of assets out there at the beginning of the year. During the year and just of late, in the last couple of months or so, that has declined by approximately $60 million, the asset base, based on the global stock market decline. So, if you just take the standard 80% funding formula, if nothing were to change between now and year-end, we need to put another $20 million, rough numbers, cash into the pension plan to meet that 80% funding threshold. As you can imagine, both of those items, the loss that we have incurred to-date and the impact that the less assets we will have on our ability to generate interest income off of those assets in the pension plan, have a negative impact on 2009 earnings. We don't know what that is, because quite frankly we don't know where the equity markets will go between now and year-end. We do not have to do anything at this point in time. Again, the idea of giving you the $20 million, Larry, was just to give you a sense of the order of magnitude that you could expect if things were to not recover from where they are now.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: Right. Just to mark-to-market. So if there is no big change from now until mid-'09, early to mid-'09, what would your incremental cost be to support that pension plan for '09, ballpark? Are we talking another couple million, another $5 million or just hard to say?
Bill Federici: I'll help you with the math. If you just used that $60 million, and again, we don't know if that is where it is going to end up. We think it will recover. But if you were to take the $60 million, our assumption is on the rate of return on our assets is 8% in that plan. So you can do the math there. And then the loss would be amortized into the income statement over the life of the employees, which is roughly 10 to 12 years. So, you are talking, order of magnitude, somewhere in that. If things stay the same, somewhere in that $8 million to $10 million range.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: Okay.
Bill Federici: And I have those numbers for you, Larry.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: Great.
Bill Federici: Domestic. In the third quarter, domestic sales were down 5.2% on a constant currency basis and international sales were up 9% on a currency adjusted basis.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then just one more question on just the components of the income statement. The tax rate, you are saying, it should be lower in the fourth quarter. Are you giving us a--?
Bill Federici: Well, I said, we had the extender bill passed, the R&D extender bill was passed. And before that we were at 26.1%. And again, these are rough numbers. It all depends on where the income is going to ultimately come from in the fourth quarter. But given our best guess on that, we think it'll be about a $0.03 decrease in tax expense. So, a $0.03 increase to EPS.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: $0.03 impact in EPS based on a lower tax rate, so...
Bill Federici: Right in the fourth quarter.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: Right. So you are talking about maybe a low 20s tax rate?
Bill Federici: No. Effective tax rate would be approximately 25.2, 25.3, somewhere in that range.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: I see, versus your prior expectations be high 20s?
Bill Federici: Right, versus 26.1%.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: I know you are not giving a detailed component guidance for '09, but just broadly speaking, would there be any reason to think that your, sort of, tax rate going forward '09, 2010 would be much different from that high 20s rate or again, is it too early to say?
Bill Federici: It's obviously too early to say. But what we're kind of thinking in our judgment is that we will be in that 25% to 26% range barring any major changes in tax law, which who knows what will happen after the election?
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: That's pretty consistent with what you had been thinking before?
Bill Federici: Yes. We were at 26.1, Larry. The extender bill drops it down into the mid-25s, and we see no reason why, other than some major change internationally in taxes or domestically in taxes, it shouldn't change much.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then just really a big picture for Don. The good news I guess you talk about you haven't seen any real change in demand from your customer base as you start thinking out for '09. As you make your budgets for 2009, how much do you have to factor in the overall economy or is it, you realize that the specific demand flow from your customers is somewhat independent of the broader market? And then how are you thinking about those customers working down their own inventories as you think into 2009?
Don Morel: Yes, I mean, that was obviously one of the big challenges in this quarter was the number of customers that were working down inventory and it was very substantial versus what we saw in the third quarter of 2007. When I look at the broader picture in '09 and beyond, the real positives for us are the fact that the broader pharmaceutical markets are going to continue to grow. I know a lot of people are predicting a contraction from that 5% to 6% range globally to kind of in the 2% to 3%. But you have to remember that the bulk of that is actually in orals. And when you look at our franchise, which is predominantly injectable, many of those drugs are going into the chronic diseases, and all those factors work in our favor. If you take a look at growth in sales in our key product lines, which are oncology, rheumatoid arthritis and things that are treated with biologics, those are all continuing to be double-digit growers and we've seen no change in that going into '09 and beyond. Same thing with diabetes, those are the things are going to drive the franchise. So, we feel very upbeat about that, particularly the fact that the pipeline is improving a little bit on the biologics side. You've got a number of monoclonals that will be launched next year. You've got some big applications pending now that will get approved probably in the middle part of '09 as well. So, the broader picture long-term, all the things that we've historically talked about are still working very much in our favor. Yes, we're going to have quarter-to-quarter hiccups. We've always talked about that, whether it is the fact that customers are working down an inventory or we've got a launch build, or you have a regulatory issue with a customer whereby their contract manufacturer may stop ordering and be working on some regulatory issues. So, the small bumps are going to be in the road. Long-term, broad picture, things are still very positive. We feel good about where we're at not only with the underlying portfolio, but with the things that are in our pipeline and are going to be coming to market in the '010, '011 timeframe.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: One more. Do you have any other balance sheet figures? Do you have your own inventory figures? Was there much change to that at the end of September, Bill?
Bill Federici: There were some changes, as I said from the end of -- you mean from the end of September or you mean from the end of June?
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: Just your period end balance sheet, if there's any other changes.
Bill Federici: Our period end balance sheet? Our period end balance sheet is, we did have a decline in our accounts receivables coming from North America. We had an increase and these are all versus, if you look at it from the quarter end, prior quarter end, we had a $19 million decline in accounts receivables, as I mentioned due to some increased collection activities. But when you look at it compared to the prior year end, which is the way we try to look at it from our perspective, they actually increased. The accounts receivable was up about $4 million. Inventories was up about $13 million. Payables, regular trade payables were down about $18 million. Those are the major components in working capital.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then just finally back to Don, again you sound like you are very much on track with your capacity expansion plans both domestically and internationally, sort of if that is going to be a multi-year project or multi-year projects? Given where you are in the economy, given the turmoil in the markets, it sounds like you are still very much committed to that. Or do you think there would be any timing as you go out to the end of the '09 and 2010? Or the CapEx should still be sort of in that 130 to 140 a year, up until 2010?
Don Morel: Yes. I will split that answer into two parts, Larry. The ongoing expansions that are in Europe and Asia right now fundamentally will be complete by the end of '09. With China, because it's a new facility, that will be actually finished in the early part of '09, but the validation and the qualification won't result in commercial sales until the latter part of '09, as the customers go through the testing. The big question for us, I think, is going to be a new rubber facility in China for which we have the land or a new rubber facility in India. It's very likely in a three- to five-year time frame that we are going to need both, especially with the growth that we are seeing in India on the parenteral side of the business, both in generic injectables and in vaccines. We are still working through the capital numbers for next year; but given the fact that we also have some very strong demands for capital in our new product launches, you are probably going to see capital remain close to the level that we are at this year.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: Okay.
Don Morel: But for all the right reasons.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: Right. Just one follow-up. I promise I will shut up after this. Raw materials costs, you have sort of fought through that; so you would argue that has been a little bit of a headwind. You've had to pass on prices. Now you have got raw materials arguably that are going to be flat to down, as you think about '09. Is that a good guide for you, net neutral? Or do you have to somehow adjust your pricing back to your customer?
Bill Federici: Larry, if you remember the way our supply contracts work, we have a delay with the way the contract works, between when the actual commodity prices decrease and when we see those decreases. So we are still going to fight a little bit of a headwind as it relates to those underlying raw material prices going into 2009. We will get the ability to pass those on to the customer, but it is on even a more lagged basis because of the way our customer contracts work. We only get once a year that we can increase prices, either on the contract date; anniversary date if it's a contracted sale; or if it is a non-contracted sale, the prices are generally increased once a year on January 1. So we think at the end of the day that you're right. As prices decrease, commodity prices decrease, that that headwind will become less of a headwind and may actually become a positive. But because of the way the supply and the customer contracts work, it will be a delayed effect.
Larry Marsh - Barclays Capital: Right, okay, very good. Thank you.
Bill Federici: You are welcome.
Don Morel: Thanks, Larry.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Taylor, C.L. King.
Ross Taylor - C.L. King: Most of my questions have been answered, but may be two or three left. First of all, Don mentioned once or twice that he saw demand strengthening in the business. And I just wondered if you could elaborate on maybe some of the specific products or some of the specific areas. I know you did mention that you expected to get an ESA drug order in Q4; maybe that had already come in and maybe you could talk about how quickly you think your ESA business could ramp up back toward the peak number? So I'll start with that.
Don Morel: Yes, I think, taking the ESA question first, we have booked our first order. The customers there, believe it or not, are still working through some of the inventory issues that they've got. So we expect those sales to moderately return through '09. We don't expect them to get back to their historic highs, and neither do our customers. So we are discussing that with them now. We will have a better idea what demand is going to look like for the full year when we get to our February call. Across the board, maybe generically on some of the other systems that are showing strength, encouragingly in our major markets; the traditional products, the serum stoppers, the lyo stoppers, seals for those systems, infusion closures, all of those are showing mid to kind of high single-digit growth, which is very, very good for us. So it's really across a broad spectrum of products. The only areas where we are not seeing historic growth are in lining materials, which was down slightly. That is purely an inventory question. That will reverse itself next year. On the prefilled syringe side, where as a result of the ESAs, we've seen a moderate decrease there. But for the broader parts of the portfolio, demand is solid.
Ross Taylor - C.L. King: Okay. To touch on foreign currencies again, I roughly estimate that, assuming currencies stay constant where they are now, the negative effect you are going to see in 2009 is going to roughly equate to the benefit that you saw in 2008, on an EPS basis. I mean is that a fair assumption would you guess at this point?
Bill Federici: I think that may be a little high. Because I think we are averaging through the first three quarters, we are in the kind of high $1.40s in terms of what the actual rates are, convert to, if you're using the euro as the main predictor. And obviously, it's at [1.28ish] now and we do expect that to strengthen some over that kind of near term environment that you're talking about. So if you're talking about what our FX impact was on the first three quarters, it was about $0.15 positive. So again, I don't think it's at high $1.40s for the first three quarters, and certainly in the fourth quarter we expect that to be much more muted and actually run the other way, be an actual drag on earnings of about $0.02 in the fourth quarter. So, overall, it's anybody's guess where 2009 will come out, but I think to say what you said is maybe a little too much of a simplification.
Ross Taylor - C.L. King: Okay, all right. I'll work through the numbers a little more. And final question. I know you've mentioned before there is a good chance that you'd be able to start committing some capital to production lines for resin CZ during 2009. Can you elaborate at all on what the timing of that might be? How much money that would involve?
Don Morel: I wouldn't jump into the money question just yet because that will depend on capacity and the first order. I think that we will be committing capital in '09, probably the early part. On one of the key programs right now, which is what we call the insert needle, where the needle is glued into the syringe itself. We've got a single robotic cell working to prove out the concept. We are now working on the scale-up to a [four] cavity cell for that system. Depending on the validation there and how the trials go, you can probably look for the real capital for the large volume cells to be committed somewhere in the latter part of the year. But, again, that is going to be wholly dependent on the outcome of stability trials that are currently ongoing with customers and the placement of that first order.
Ross Taylor - C.L. King: Okay, that's helpful. All right. Thanks very much.
Don Morel: Thanks, Ross.
Operator: Our next question comes from James Sidoti with Sidoti & Company.
James Sidoti - Sidoti & Company: Good morning. Can you hear me?
Bill Federici: Hi, Jim.
Don Morel: Hi, Jim. Sure, we can. We can hear you fine.
James Sidoti - Sidoti & Company: I'm just trying to get a little more color on the capital expansion program. It sounds like you're going to finish the Europe and Asia facility expansions during 2009. Does that mean production comes online during 2009?
Don Morel: It will actually be phased in. So if you step back, as I said in the Q2 call, the Bodmin facility, which was tooling in Europe is complete. That's up and operating and producing tool. The expansion that is being done in Essweiler, which was our major German facility, the buildings and mortar are complete. First cells will go in at the end of this year, with the validation being done early next year and we'll be phasing in production off of that as we see demand evolving, so that you will get production out of Germany. France has been delayed a little bit for the reasons that we talked about. That program will not begin producing until probably 2010 or later, with one exception. We have a B-2 coating line that's going in, that should be done by the end of the year. Singapore is nearing completion. That will be producing in 2009. And China's bricks and mortar will be done. The equipment will be going in early part of the year. We will be going through the validation trials. We should see commercial sales out of that facility by the end of the '09. But the important thing is, again, we needed to get the bricks and mortar done at most of these and we will phase in production, the actual presses, trim dies, et cetera, as we see demand evolve.
James Sidoti - Sidoti & Company: So it sounds like part of the answer to Arnie's question at the beginning of the call about margins is that you are still going to have some startup costs in 2009.
Don Morel: Yes.
Bill Federici: Yes, absolutely.
James Sidoti - Sidoti & Company: Okay. In India, is that a plant that will supply to just India or is that a plant that will supply to the rest of the world as well?
Don Morel: The initial plan would be to have it supply India. The growth in generics there, although off of a small base, our sales there are really increasing dramatically. And there is tremendous investment going in by the Indian Pharmaceutical industry, not only into generics and vaccines, which is their predominant product line now, but into original innovative R&D. So, it's pretty clear that that's evolving into a major pharma hub for the future.
James Sidoti - Sidoti & Company: And is that a new market for you? And when do you think you'd actually start producing?
Don Morel: It's not a new market for us, because we've actually sold into the multinationals and the locals from our Singapore facility for probably more than 15 to 20 years. So, our actual team is on the ground in India, a very, very good team. The plan would be to support not only the multinationals, but also the local pharmaceutical firms out of that facility. We'll probably pick a site early part of next year, get the contractors lined up, depending on how things unfold, look at beginning construction hopefully end of the year, early 2010.
James Sidoti - Sidoti & Company: Okay. And then my last question is with the potential charge because of the pension plan, is that something you would decide on at the beginning of the year and then take quarterly or would that all be in one quarter?
Bill Federici: No, it's not all in one quarter, Jim. What happens is the actuary; we'll work with the actuary to determine the amounts. We'll wait to see what the actual asset values come in around at the end of the year. Based on those two factors, we will then determine an expense and a funding vehicle, how much cash we're going to put in and the resulting expense that will translate into. And that will be spread pro rata over each of the quarters.
James Sidoti - Sidoti & Company: And where will that be on the P&L?
Bill Federici: It will show up a lot of it in cost of sales. Well, actually it shows up both -- we have it broken out down below as a single line item in what we report to you as called pension expense. But it would affect people in the US, SG&A, et cetera.
James Sidoti - Sidoti & Company: It will be clear to us what the magnitude of that charge is?
Bill Federici: Yes, it will be absolutely clear. When we know what the number is, obviously in the year-end call, we will let you know what that is.
James Sidoti - Sidoti & Company: Okay, thank you.
Bill Federici: You are welcome, Jim.
Operator: Our last question comes from Arnie Ursaner with CJS Securities.
Don Morel: Hi, Arnie.
Bill Federici: Hi, Arnie.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: A couple of follow-ups to the questions you were asked. First on China and the facility you are building there. When will we start getting amortization? And when do you anticipate perhaps, you had talked about two facilities in China, had you not? And when might we see some movement towards the second one?
Bill Federici: The depreciation question, Arnie, obviously we don't pick that up until the facility is complete and operating. So that would happen sometime in 2009. It will start with that depreciation.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: And what will that expense run?
Bill Federici: I'm sorry?
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: What will the expense be?
Bill Federici: I'm not sure what the exact number of that we are talking about for capital, but it was running about, last estimate I saw was in the mid-$25 million to $30 million range. The bricks and mortar obviously are amortized or depreciated over 30 years, and the machinery equipment is in that 10 to 15 range.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: Okay.
Don Morel: And the answer to the second part of your question, Arnie, is that we have already purchased the land for the rubber facility. It is contiguous to the land that we actually have for the plastics facility we are building. We are going to see how things evolve in the marketplace. It is going to be more related to the timing of approvals for our products out of the SFDA in terms of when we make a decision to actually break ground.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: Okay. Follow-up to Ross' question on the ESA drugs. Can you tell us what your actual ESA revenues were in '07? Give us your best feel for what you think '08 will look like. And based on current script trends, how you think '09 might shape out on what is arguably one of your highest margin products?
Bill Federici: All right. Let's take you through it. In the 2008 quarter, third quarter, just to have some ground you in the numbers. We had $3.6 million of effect, so that was $3.6 million more sales in Q3 2007 than in Q3 2008 for that. For the full year, Arnie, it will be $17 million, our best guess of sales that were in 2007 that we won't have in 2008. Turning to 2009, again these are guesses based on where we believe and looking at our backlog now. We expect it to recover by about $5.5 million. So if you are looking at '08 to '09, the increase we expect over that full year will be approximately $5.5 million. Well, there is some in the first quarter, very little in the second and third, and most of it in the fourth quarter.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: And why would it not be picking up in Q2 and Q3?
Bill Federici: That is just the timing of the way they put their orders in, Arnie.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: My final question is, you obviously are maintaining a very conservative balance sheet, as well you should given the crazy environment. But your converts are trading at probably $0.85 on the dollar. Have you given or are you considering repurchasing converts in the open market to one of the key factors in your debt structure?
Bill Federici: Yes, we are looking at it, Arnie.. If you can buy those at a discount, there is an accretive factor to the P&L, no doubt about it. The problem is, as you said in the beginning, we are trying to be conservative as it relates to our balance sheet. And we are looking at the cash we'd have to give up to basically take those converts out, versus the other things that we can invest our cash in, and looking at the relative returns on all of those.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: Okay. And Don, in your prepared remarks you at least speak about acquisition opportunities without being unduly specific, can you tell us the kinds of things you are looking for and what you hope to gain by acquisition versus organic growth?
Don Morel: Yes, there is no real change in our strategy, Arnie. We continue to look for bolt-ons that have the same characteristics as our current business. If you took Medimop as a model, that's the kind of thing we are looking for. Sales in the $20 million to $50 million range, very strong IP, drug contact with the material surface, can be integrated into our current manufacturing operations and sellable by our sales force. That is kind of a tall order. We tend to look more at private firms that are entrepreneurial than anything else. We have kicked the tires on a lot of things. You would hope that valuation expectations might moderate in this environment, but that hasn't been the case. But that is kind of the thing we are looking for.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: Okay. The facility that had been used for Exubera, you mentioned, I think that that is going to come online in early next year, which segment will it be used for?
Don Morel: It will be used on the Tech side in the device area. It will be primarily a molding facility that is feeding the assembly operations.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: Okay, thank you very much.
Don Morel: Thanks, Arnie.
Bill Federici: Thanks, Arnie.
Operator: I would now like to pass today's conference call back to Dr. Morel.
Don Morel: Thank you very much, Operator. And thanks to everyone for your time this morning. Through the first nine months of the year, our performance has been very good, despite the economic climate we face and the loss of sales for key products at the outset of the year. We remain focused on running our business efficiently and are confident in our ability to deliver our projected full year results. Thank you very much for your time this morning.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's conference call. Parties may disconnect at this time.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-16 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Theresa Kelleher  IR, FD Don Morel  Chairman and CEO Bill Federici  VP and CFO
Analysts: Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities Jim Sidoti  Sidoti & Co. Adam Blizzard [ph]  Lehman Brothers Ross Taylor  CL King
Operator:  Welcome to the West second quarter earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. (Operator instructions) Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now, I will turn the meeting over to Ms. Theresa Kelleher from FD. Ma'am, you may begin.
Theresa Kelleher:  Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the West second quarter 2008 results conference call. As you know, we issued our results this morning. The release has been posted on the company's website located at www.westpharma.com. If you have not received a copy of this announcement, please call FD at 212-850-5600, and a copy will be sent to you immediately. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that certain statements that may be made by management of the company may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements set forth anticipated results, based on management's plans and assumptions. Such statements give our current expectations or forecast of future events. They do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. In particular, these include statements concerning future actions, future performance or results of current and anticipated product, sales efforts, expenses, the outcome of contingencies such as legal proceedings and financial results. We have tried wherever possible to identify such statements by using words such as estimate, expect, intend, believe, plan, anticipate, and other words and terms of similar meaning in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance or condition. We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realized. If known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or if underlying assumptions are inaccurate, actual results could differ materially from past results, and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. For a non-exclusive list of those factors which could cause actual result to differ from expectations, please refer to the factors listed in today's press release. Investors are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures the company makes on related subjects in the company's 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. This call is being recorded on behalf of West Pharmaceutical Services and is copyrighted material. It cannot be re-recorded or rebroadcast without the company's express permission. Your participation on this call implies to your consent to our taping. Once management has concluded their remarks, we will open the floor for questions. At this time, I would like to turn the floor over to Dr. Don Morel, Chairman and CEO.
Don Morel:  Thank you, Theresa, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to West second quarter conference call. Thank you for joining us today. As Theresa mentioned, I'm joined this morning by our Chief Financial Officer, Bill Federici, and by Mike Anderson, our Treasurer and primary Investor Relations contact. As weve done in prior calls, Ill begin with a brief summary of our consolidated results, provide an update on several key programs, and then review our guidance for the year. I will then turn the call over to Bill who will take you through our quarterly results in greater detail. We are very satisfied with our overall performance during the quarter. Consolidated revenues grew 5.9% to $279.3 million. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding non-recurring items for comparison purposes, adjusted operating profit grew 7.2% to $37.4 million and earnings per diluted share grew to $0.73 versus $0.68 in the second quarter of 2007. Gross margin improved to 29.9%, a positive change of eight-tenths of a percent versus Q2 2007 despite the decline in sales of some high margin items. Through the first six months of the year, adjusted earnings from continuing operation were $1.45 per diluted share, putting us in good position to achieve our performance targets for the year. Organic growth in key pharmaceutical system product lines coupled with the positive effects of foreign currency translation more than offset sales declines caused by the market exit of the Exubera insulin inhaler, more restrictive reimbursement criteria for erythropoietin stimulating agent or ESA drugs, the discontinuation of manufacturing of diagnostic components and other small shifts in our product mix. Collectively, these issues created a shortfall of about $20 million in our Q2 revenue when compared with last years second quarter. In addition, despite lower revenues, the performance of the segment improved substantially due to strong demand for certain key products and an intense focus on controlling costs. Clearly, the big story for the first six months has been the substantial rise in the price of crude oil and the subsequent impact on energy costs on petroleum derived raw materials. We have worked aggressively to mitigate these cost increases on our profitability through a combination of SG&A spending controls, further efficiency in cost savings initiatives in our operations, price increases and raw material surcharges where appropriate. While these initiatives will cover a significant percentage of the negative impact of higher energy and lost materials costs, the contractual lag with several large accounts and potential further price increases from vendors during the remainder of 2008 will have a moderate effect on our operating profit for the full year, primarily in north America. Our full year guidance includes our best estimate of the full year impact of these cost increases. We also continue to benefit significantly from our exposure to foreign currency, particularly the euro as more than half of our sales originate outside the North American market. Turning to some important ongoing projects, we have maintained our investment plan in both our innovation programs and our IT platform upgrade to SAP in North America. We have completed Phase I of the SAP project on schedule and with budget. Phase II which is well underway focuses on a complete upgrade of our North America shopware systems and integration of these system with SAP at the manufacturing plant level. We expect the first plant to shift over to SAP in the fourth quarter. On the innovation program front, I am pleased to report that weve launched the Daikyo Crystal Zenith silicone-free pre-fillable syringe during the second quarter. Sample requests from potential customers remain strong, especially within the biotech segment where the technical performance of CZ has well defined advantages over other packaging options. Weve also entered into several customers funded R&D agreement for custom solutions and proprietary applications of CZ outside of traditional vials and syringes. In terms of our expansion projects, construction in the new plastic facility in Kin-Ku [ph] China is in full swing. The foundation is being completed and work on the building structure is now well underway. We anticipate completion of the facility in early 2009 with manufacturing validation in the third quarter and commercial production shortly thereafter. In our Essweiler, German facility, the building for additional molding in Westar processing has been completed. Installation and validation of the manufacturing equipment is now underway and molding should begin in late Q4. The water system for Westar processing should be validated in early 2009 with commercial production starting shortly thereafter. I had the opportunity to tour the facility in early July and it really is quite impressive. We have completed the installation of the compounding facility at our Kinston, North Carolina plant which will go into commercial operation during the third quarter, and weve begun the expansion of our Clearwater, Florida facility which produces aluminum overseal. From an organization standpoint, Matt Mullarkey joined the company as Chief Operating Officer last week. Having previously worked in rubber manufacturing, supply chain and logistics and healthcare, Matt brings a broad base of experience in managing complex global operations to his position. Steve Ellers will continue as President of the company and in keeping with our succession planning gradually transition his operating responsibilities to Matt through the remainder of 2008. Steve will then continue to support our global expansion efforts, especially in China and India, in addition to working more closely with our partner Daikyo. He will also dedicate more time to identifying and analyzing new product technology and acquisition opportunities. Looking ahead in the short term, many of the challenges previously discussed will remain with us till the end of the year. Specifically on the ESA front, although Amgens Q2 sales were a little stronger than forecast, we do not foresee any measurable improvement in the ESA related business this year for the following reasons. First, as you know, on July 30, the FDA mandated more restrictive labeling of Aranesp and Procrit for certain cancer patients which is expected to further limit volumes. Second, our internal forecast indicates that customers that manufacture these products still have inventories of our products to work through. And finally, recent regulatory changes in both the US and the EU may lead to additional limits on reimbursement. We also expect to incur higher energy and raw material costs versus the first six months of the year. Thus our execution of lean programs and pricing actions to mitigate these increases will be critical in order to achieved our full year target. And although our backlog remains very healthy, we continue to carefully monitor our customers order pattern. We have no doubt that they will aggressively manage their own inventories through the end of the year. Taking these considerations into account, we continue to forecast that full year adjusted earnings will fall in the range of $2.40 to $2.50 per share despite the challenging economic climate. However, on an adjusted basis, excluding the impact of lost sales form 2007, and the impact of currency translation, this will represent sales growth in excess of 7% for the full year and earnings growth of 15% right in line with our expectation. Looking at the longer term, the fundamentals driving our growth remain intact and we believe we are well positioned to take full advantage of the primary drivers in our key market segments, both in terms of our global capacity and innovative new product launches. With that, Id like to turn it over to Bill for his comments on the financials. Bill?
Bill Federici:  Thank you, Don, and good morning, everyone. As indicated in this morning's release, West reported second quarter 2008 income from continuing operations of $28.7 million or $0.82 per diluted share, including a net after-tax gain of $3.3 million for the combined effect of two items a $4.2 million after-tax gain relating to an additional payment received from the contract settlement we reached with our customer Nektar with regard to the discontinuation of Pfizers Exubera, and a $900,000 after-tax restructuring charge incurred in connection with the Tech Group restructuring program we announced last December. We expect to incur in the third and fourth quarters an additional $1.5 million to $2.5 million of charges to conclude our restructuring activities and an additional $3.5 million of Exubera facility charges while we reconfigure the facility to begin to produce other device products. As such, our ultimate gain on the Nektar contract settlement is expected to be approximately $4 million. Excluding the $0.09 positive effect of these two items on our current period earnings, second quarter 2008 earnings from continuing operations were $0.73 per diluted share, compared to last year's second quarter operating earnings of $0.68 per diluted share, which included $0.06 of discrete tax benefits. Reported earnings in last years second quarter were $0.74 per diluted share. It is important to note that last years $0.68 second quarter included $20.2 million or $0.15 per diluted share of sales of the Exubera device, anemia drug components and disposable medical device components, products for which we have almost no associated 2008 revenues. The company's consolidated sales in the quarter were $279.3 million, a 5.9% increase over second quarter 2007 sales. Excluding exchange effects, the consolidated sales declined by 0.9%, versus the prior year quarter. At $212.6 million, Pharma Systems segment second quarter sales were 12.3% above 2007 second quarter sales with 8.4 percentage points of the increase due to currency. The relatively modest growth was expected due to the $10 million impact of a decline in sales associated with the ESA drug situation that Don described, and with the discontinued production of certain disposable medical device components in Europe. That decline reduced year-over-year segment sales growth by 5.8 percentage points. Excluding the effect of both the lost sales and currency translation gains, second quarter 2008 Pharma Systems sales grew 9.7% which is more in line with our longer term growth expectations. Sales on non-coated stoppers used in vial packaging for a variety of products, flip-off seals, and sales of the companys safety and administration system products more than offset the expected sales decline in Pharma Systems. The Tech Group segment generated sales of $69.6 million in the quarter, 4.9% below sales in the prior year quarter excluding exchange, largely due to lost Exubera sales. In the second quarter of 2007, sales of the Exubera device were $10.2 million. Sales of packaging for our customers OTC product also declined by $4.2 million from last years second quarter. Serving to partially offset these sales losses were increases in several specific customer products, including IV and blood filter products manufactured in our Michigan and Puerto Rico facilities, the SpoutPak closure for juice and dairy cartons, components used in an intranasal allergy product and an insulin pen. Looking at margins, consolidated gross profit margins for the quarter were 29.9%, eight-tenths of a margin point better than the 29.1% margins we achieved in the second quarter of 07. This margin was achieved despite a nearly one point drop in consolidated gross margin attributable to the lost Nektar, anemia drug packaging, and disposable medical device sales. Gross margins in the Pharma Systems segment were 34.4%, one percentage point lower than last year's second quarter, with much of the decline due to lower margins in the North America unit. The margin decline primarily reflects a less favorable mix of sales, and increased raw material cost, direct manufacturing expenses and plant overhead costs in support of expanding manufacturing capacities. In the Tech Group, margins increased over the prior year quarter by 2.4 margin points to 14.9%. The margins improvement was due to increased manufacturing efficiencies now that several of new product transitions have been completed, a decrease in plant overhead costs stemming from our manufacturing restructuring efforts, and increased activity within our tooling and engineering facilities. The cumulative effect of the margins improvement more than offset the impact of the loss of Exubera device revenues, which resulted in $3.3 million of Q2 2007 gross profits. Consolidated SG&A expenses increased by $2.7 million or 7% in the current quarter versus the prior-year quarter. The net increase was due primarily to foreign currency translation, an increased compensation cost due to annual salary adjustments and severance obligations. Partially offsetting these increases were declines in stock based compensation expense, intangible asset amortization expense and pension expense. As a percentage of sales, second quarter 2008 SG&A expenses were 14.6%, roughly on par with our second quarter 2007 levels. Net interest expense was 1.8 million higher than the 2007 second quarter expense mostly due to lower interest income as we had less cash on hand throughout the quarter than we did in last years second quarter when we had just competed our convertible debt offering. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 27.6%, which includes the taxes on our gain on the Nektar settlement. Our annual effective tax rate for 2008, excluding any discrete tax items, is currently estimated at approximately 27%. Our balance sheet remains strong, and our business continues to provide necessary liquidity. The company's cash balance at June 30 was $102.3 million, down $6 million from year-end, primarily due to the payment of tax obligations in Brazil and increased working capital requirements. Cash flow from operations was $55.8 million in the quarter. Working capital totaled $264.9 million at June 30, approximately equal with last quarter and about $35 million higher than at year end. Debt at June 30 was $398.2 million, and our net debt to total invested capital ratio at quarter end was 34.9%, 2 percentage points lower than at year-end. We incurred capital expenditures of $30.4 million in the second quarter, with the majority of the capital focused on new product and expansion activities, mostly for our Pharma Systems, North America, Europe and Asia capacity expansion, and our IP initiatives. Looking ahead, our order backlog at June 30 remains healthy at $250 million, $11.9 million lower than our year-end backlog of $253 million, excluding exchange effects. We continue to expect full year sales of approximately $1.08 billion at actual exchange rates and consolidated gross margins are now expected to approximate 29.1% taking into account current raw material pricing. We also continue to expect 2008 adjusted earnings per diluted share to be between $2.40 and $2.50. That estimate excludes restructuring costs, the gain on our contract settlement with Nektar, and assumes an average exchange rate of $1.50 per euro for the second half of the year. Included in our EPS estimate is the adverse impact versus 2007 results of $0.44 per diluted share representing the lost sales for Nektar, the anemia drug components, and disposable medical device components, partially offset by the full year expected favorable currency effect of the weak US dollar of $0.18 per share. We also estimate that the adverse impact of higher raw material and energy costs at about $3 million or $0.06 per diluted share compared to where we started the year. That amount reflects the higher market price for underlying commodities such as oil, natural gas, mitigated by the effects of our purchasing agreement which actually delayed the effects of spot market commodity price changes, as well as our product pricing and lean activities. Adjusting for the lost sales and currency impacts would result in an increase in estimated year-over-year sales of 7% and EPS growth of 15%, both are in line with our longer term growth expectations. We continue to expect that full year capital expenditures will be approximately $145 million at current exchange rates. We also expect that much of our capital will be expended for needed capacity for key products at multiple locations around the globe. I would now like to turn the call back over to Don Morel. Don?
Don Morel:  Thanks very much, Bill. This concludes our prepared remarks for this morning, and we'd now be pleased to answer any questions that you might have. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions) Our first question is from Arnie Ursaner. You may ask your question and please state your company name.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities:  Hi, this is Arnie Ursaner, CJS Securities. Good morning.
Don Morel:  Good morning, Arnie.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities:  Couple of questions if I can, can you quantify the losses you incurred in Q2 at Grand Rapids, please?
Bill Federici:  Yes, Grand Rapids was actually breakeven for the quarter, in second quarter of 08. And if you remember in the second quarter of 07, we lost approximately 600,000 at Grand Rapids.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities:  Thats one of the key factors in the margins improvement in Tech Group?
Bill Federici:  Yes, it is.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities:  Okay. You mentioned in your prepared remarks that you plan to reconfigure the facility that you have for Exubera for other devices, are these likely to be for the Tech Group or are they likely to be for the pharmaceutical side?
Don Morel:  A combination of both. There will no doubt be some molding work done for third parties in the custom molding business but as CZ and some of the products come on line, we expect that molding capacity to go towards those items.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities:  Because in Tech Group you had some excess capacity, more than 50% or so operating rates, so I would have been surprised if you were expanding capacity for that.
Don Morel:  No, it is more converting that facility into a clean room molding operation.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities:  Okay. In your pharmaceutical segment you mentioned 2.6 million increase in tooling development and lab services revenue, typically those are much lower margin revenue, can you comment on the impact you think you had in the quarter?
Bill Federici:  Actually the impact was slightly positive versus the last year second quarter, Arnie. And if you remember last year, throughout the year in fact, we had some under absorption of the overheads coming out of that engineering group. So, we have done a better job of filling up the pipeline plus with our restructuring activities we took out some of the costs in that group.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities:  You mentioned in your prepared remarks that you saw a $0.06 hit to the year from higher raw materials embedded in the guidance, can you comment what the impact was in Q2, in other words is it $0.06 for the balance of the year or is it 
Bill Federici:  Yes, it is $0.06 for the balance of the year. Through the first six months, we were able to offset most of the increases that we saw through lean pricing initiatives, mix, et cetera.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities:  Final question for Don, in your comments, you mentioned cost and inventory management policy is going to impact our near term results and the term you used is require our attention. Does that mean you are actually getting some price relief from your customers given your raw material costs?
Don Morel:  Arnie, but the comment was more aimed at traditional things we see in the second half of the year. As you know, weve got a couple of key customers whose fiscal year end September 30, and as we work through the plant shutdowns in Europe and the end of the year, obviously, we keep a close eye on what our customers are doing, and its a little bit more difficult to predict than the first half of the year.
Arnie Ursaner  CJS Securities:  I will jump back in queue and look forward to seeing you guys next week at our conference.
Don Morel:  Thanks, Arnie.
Operator:  Thank you. Jim Sidoti, you may ask your question and please state your company name.
Jim Sidoti  Sidoti & Co.:  Good morning, its Jim Sidoti of Sidoti & Co.
Don Morel:  Hi, Jim. Good morning.
Jim Sidoti  Sidoti & Co.:  A quick question on the commodity pricing, is that something that you think gets worse in the back half of the year just because the inventory in the front half was what prior the rise  prior to the increase in oil prices?
Bill Federici:  Partially, Jim, what  if you remember the way our contracts with our suppliers work, we have a series of  there are two major contracts, they have a series of price brakes built in where you dont see an increase in the price of material coming to you until the cost of the underlying commodities go above certain bands. And what that does is it acts to help slow down the increases and we saw that throughout the first half of the year. We do expect to see them accelerate. Weve had some fairly bullish increases in the underlying raw materials that are indexed to oil and natural gas. So, but we are also starting to see some of that come down now. Its anybodys guess, I am not a betting man in terms of where we expect those commodity prices to go in the future. What we have been able to do is included in that that $3 million (inaudible) is our best guess as to where we believe those prices are going. We do have right now built in the current pricing into those estimates.
Jim Sidoti  Sidoti & Co.:  Okay. So, that was my next question, so you assume that oil for the back of the year stays in this $120 to $130 range?
Bill Federici:  No, what we do is actually we have the oil coming down slightly in the back half of the year but again its a graduated thing.
Jim Sidoti  Sidoti & Co.:  Okay. And then the price increases that you are pushing on your customers, do they all kick in in the quarter or are those things that start to kick in the back half of the year?
Don Morel:  No, they will kick in largely in the back half of the year, Jim.
Jim Sidoti  Sidoti & Co.:  Okay. So, that should help offset the increased cost?
Don Morel:  Yes.
Bill Federici:  And remember that $3 million is a net number. Okay, thats net of what we believe we will be able to get through these price increases.
Jim Sidoti  Sidoti & Co.:  Understood. Okay, thank you very much.
Bill Federici:  Thank you, Jim.
Operator:  Thank you. Adam Blizzard [ph], you may ask your question and please state your company name.
Adam Blizzard  Lehman Brothers:  Lehman Brothers, good morning, guys.
Don Morel:  Good morning, Adam.
Adam Blizzard  Lehman Brothers:  I guess just following up on the last question, if you could comment maybe on the magnitude on the price increases that you are expecting?
Don Morel:  It depends on rubber and aluminum price. You can tell probably in the low single digits to mid singles on average.
Bill Federici:  And we try no to be very specific, Adam, as you can imagine.
Adam Blizzard  Lehman Brothers:  Understood. I guess next question just kind of end of last year I think it was like four or five larger contracts that you renewed, I guess for the end of this year what should we be thinking about the larger customers that you guys need to get resolved?
Don Morel:  Well, Adam, out of those five, we only have one that is still outstanding and the only reason that hasnt been resolved is because of the spike that weve seen in the oil prices. So we are trying to work our way through the appropriate PPI as part of our agreement. To the best of my knowledge, we dont have any contracts of the magnitude of the four that were renewed early this year and late last year coming up for renewal. There are some smaller ones that are in the kind of two to three year range, but nothing of the magnitude we faced over the last six to 12 months.
Adam Blizzard  Lehman Brothers:  And those  remind me the ones last year, I think they were like three to seven year agreements on average?
Don Morel:  There were a couple that were in the three to five year range and there was one that seven.
Adam Blizzard  Lehman Brothers:  Okay. And then lastly I guess maybe over the three to six months, has anything changed in the acquisition environment for your guys or any interest in kind of expanding the platform?
Don Morel:  A lot of interest in expanding the platform. There are some interesting opportunities out there. For us, it is the discipline around the valuations and the multiples we are willing to pay. We will see how it goes, but there are some interesting opportunities out there.
Adam Blizzard  Lehman Brothers:  Thanks a lot, guys.
Don Morel:  Thank you.
Operator:  (Operator instructions) Our next question is from Ross Taylor, you may ask your question and please state you company name.
Ross Taylor  CL King:  Hi, it is Ross Taylor with CL King.
Don Morel:  Good morning, Ross.
Ross Taylor  CL King:  Hi. Just a couple of questions, Don, in your remarks I think you said that you are not anticipating much change in demand for your products that are used with the anemia drug, is this a change in your expectation from the start of the year?
Don Morel:  I think it shifted out a little bit. We thought we would see some return in the late third and early fourth quarter. But again that was a projection ahead of the mandated label change by the FDA. So, our expectation now is that any sales will be moderate till the end of the year and that will start to see that pick up again in 09 although it will not return to the levels that weve seen prior to the warning.
Ross Taylor  CL King:  Okay. And you also related to the resin CZ, can you give any feedback youve heard from customers, or just a little bit more color on kind of what you are seeing in the uptake or response from your customers?
Don Morel:  I think the color is all positive. As you know, there are some technical issues with current glass syringes that the market is looking to overcome. The response that weve seen from the clients that have tested CZ is very, very positive. As you know with our systems, we eliminate the use of silicone oil, we dont see the aggregation problems that are consummate [ph] with the use of silicone. Stability has been very, very good. There are filling trials underway and there are long term stability trials underway. So, from my vantage point, the response has been extraordinarily encouraging, and thats on the traditional vial and syringe side. I think whats more interesting is that over the last six months in the material option, weve seen some non traditional applications emerge for CZ which actually are covered by development agreements for us. So, the customer in effect for the proprietary work is footing all of the R&D costs. So, I would say very positive to date.
Ross Taylor  CL King:  O, thats helpful. And last question and I think you probably answered this already with some of your responses to the prior question but you assume oil prices basically say flat from here. I mean given the lag built into some of your purchasing contracts, when would you be through all the price increases youd see from your vendors?
Bill Federici:  Thats an interesting  good question. Ross, I think  let me just clarify one thing. I think we are seeing it already, number one, and we are expecting some (inaudible) into that estimate that we have, the $3 million net number. We are not expecting it to stay at the $129 I guess this morning or $120 something this morning wherever it ended up. With the way the contracts work on the supply side, again, we will have natural brakes built in. There are approximately I think there are a number of price increments that they could push on to us in the pricing. Well start to see those starting on August 1 and they will come depending on what happens going forward with the price of oil, well determine how that goes. In terms of when do we expect to see the full pricing effect, my guess would be that it wouldnt be at least till the end of this year before you would see the full effect.
Ross Taylor  CL King:  Ok, all right. Thats helpful. Thanks very much.
Bill Federici:  You are welcome.
Don Morel:  And just remember, Ross, that part of that will be offset because we will have a series of price increases going through the end of the year with the contract that are covered by PPI and CPI adjusted. We havent seen those prices roll in now because they are under contract. The price increases have been largely due to accounts that are on an order to order basis.
Ross Taylor  CL King:  Okay, thats good point. Thanks
Don Morel:  You are welcome.
Operator:  At this time I am showing no further questions. Id like to turn the call over to Don Morel.
Don Morel:  Thank you very much, operator, and thanks to everyone for your time this morning. During the first half of the year, our performance has been very good despite the economic climate and the sales shortfalls in key products versus 07. And while the remainder of 2008, well likely not see a dramatic change in the global economic conditions, we remain confident in our ability to deliver our projected full year results. Thank you again.
Operator:  Thank you. This concludes todays conference. Thank you for participating, you may disconnect at this time.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-19 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Theresa Kelleher - West Pharmaceutical Services - IR Don Morel - West Pharmaceutical Services - Chairman and CEO Bill Federici - West Pharmaceutical Services - CFO
Analysts: Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities Ross Taylor - C.L. King & Associates
Operator: Welcome to the West Pharmaceutical Services First Quarter 2008 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now, I will turn the meeting over to Ms. Theresa Kelleher from FD. Ma'am, you may begin.
Theresa Kelleher: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the West Pharmaceutical Services first quarter 2008 results conference call. As you know, we issued our results this morning. The releases have been posted at the company's website located at www.westpharma.com. If you have not received a copy of this announcement, please call FD at 212-850-5600, and a copy will be sent to you immediately. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that certain statements that may be made by management of the company, may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements set forth anticipated results, based on management's plans and assumptions. Such statements give our current expectations or forecast of future events. They do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. In particular, these include statements concerning future actions, future performance or results of current and anticipated product, sales efforts, expenses, the out come of contingencies such as legal proceeding, and financial results. We have tried, wherever possible, to identify such statements by using words such as estimate, expect, intend, believe, plan, anticipate, and other words and terms of similar meaning, in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance or condition. We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realized. If known or unknown risks and uncertainties materialize, or if underlying assumptions are inaccurate, actual results could differ materially from past results, and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. For a non-exclusive look of these factors, which can cause actual result to defer from expectations, please refer to the factors listed in today's press release. Investors are advised however, to consult any further disclosures the company makes on related subjects in the company's 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future information, or otherwise. This call is being recorded on behalf of West Pharmaceutical Services and is copyrighted material. It cannot be rerecorded or rebroadcast without the company's express permission. Your participation on this call implies to your consent on our taping. Once management has concluded their remarks, we will open the floor for questions. At this time, I would like to turn the floor over to Dr. Don Morel, Chairman and CEO.
Don Morel: Thanks very much, Theresa, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our call today. As Theresa mentioned, I'm joined by our Chief Financial Officer, Bill Federici; and by Mike Anderson, our Treasurer and primary Investor Relations contact. Earlier this morning, West announced earnings for the first quarter of 2008. To begin our commentary, I would like to touch on a few key elements about Q1 results, update you on several key programs, and then review our guidance for the full year. I will then turn the call over to Bill who will walk you through the particulars of our results for the quarter. From a revenue standpoint, we are very satisfied with our overall performance for the first three months of the year. Consolidated revenues were $277.7 million for the quarter versus $257.6 million for Q1 '07, an increase of 5.1%. As you will recall during our February update, we outlined in some detail the impact of three significant issues that would lower our revenue growth in 2008. The market uncertainties surrounding the Exubera device and the exiting production of the diagnostic components, both items that we no longer expect to sell, and the changing status of ESA drug reimbursement. Collectively, these three issues hit our Q1 revenue line, in line with our expectations or roughly $20.9 million. Management is very pleased with the quarter overall, because the rest of the businesses came through with stronger than anticipated results, leading to earnings of $0.76 per diluted share, $0.72 after removing some items that might complicate comparisons to other periods. Gross margins were solid at 30.8%, although slightly lower than the 31.2% reported for the first quarter of 2007. We had no expectation that it would equal or exceed last year's all-time record first quarter. However, the consolidated results get 2008 off to a very good start. A number of factors contributed to our performance, and I would like to focus for a moment on several of the larger issues. First, the tech group managed to limit the bottom line effect of losing Exubera with some notable sales gains, progress toward turning around losses at the new Michigan facility, and by reducing its overall cost as a result of the restructuring.  Second, West and the pharmaceutical system segment in particular, is a multi-national business. As a result, we benefited significantly from our exposure to foreign currency, particularly the Euro. We will continue to identify the impact of currency translation on sales and profitability. However, during the first quarter, the continued weakening of the dollar, combined with our geographic spread of business, provided a significant improvement against expectations from last year. Third, while we did increase spending on R&D and information systems, we also continued our intense focus on improving efficiency in our operations through lean and on keeping discretionary SG&A spending low. Our total SG&A was a little higher than we would have liked as a result of the first quarter rebound in our share price, and while not positive in terms of year-over-year comparisons, the IT and R&D investments are critical to our long-term growth objectives. All in all, Q1 was a good quarter financially, and one in which we continued to make progress toward our longer term strategic objectives. During the first quarter, we also held our second investor day in New York. I would like to thank those of you who took time to attend or listen in on the web or telephone. It was a long day where we provided a detailed overview of our product development strategy and primary programs. Although that was only a little over six weeks ago, I'd like to provide a brief update on several of the key programs that we reviewed during that presentation.  First, as you know, we have a broad range of expansion programs underway, ranging from increasing in Westar capacity and our pharmaceutical focus factories in Europe, to a new greenfield facility in China to manufacture plastic components for IV systems. We also begun two expansion projects in the US to develop needed capacity in our metal business and create a new pharmaceutical molding capacity and compounding capacity in our Kingston operation. The Europe and North America programs are on schedule, and construction has begun at the China plastics facility. Turning to our IT investments in North America, the first phase of our SAP conversion project went live during the first week in April, and is operating very smoothly. The project team did a great job bringing the systems up on schedule and within budget. Phase two has now begun with the primary objective of revamping our shop floor systems and implementing SAP in our production facilities. Regarding our key innovation projects, we're on track to introduce the Daikyo Crystals Zenith luer lock product in Europe during the second quarter. US introduction will occur later in the fall.  This is a product that could potentially be revolutionary, eliminating silicone oil from drug contact surfaces, and with it, a source of potential drug product contamination that adds cost and risk to our customers product, but has the advantage of looking and handling very much like existing products. In formal feedback from potential customers remains consistently positive, and demand for samples in advance of the formal introduction are stronger than expected. We hope that many opportunities to update you on this and related CZ programs over the next few quarters and years, and believe that this project has the potential to bring significant added value to our biologics customers. We are also on schedule to introduce the Orion Passive Safety Needle System in the fourth quarter. This product represents an elegant solution to a critical yet unmet medical need. The sharp's protection device that is self-activating, that is, it does not require an active step on the part of the user, either clinician or patient, to do anything other than to inject and withdraw the needle, in order to activate and deploy the needle cover. We thoroughly expect the file for approval to market this device during the third quarter. Finally, we are launching an initiative aimed at our development organization of our former and biotech clients. We are getting ready to use Lyo, Westar's FluroTec stoppers and seals together for direct introduction into small scale sterile suites, typically table-top micro environments where new products are produced and packaged for pre-clinical and clinical applications. We believe this provides a simple solution for the development scientist, one vendor instead of two or three, providing all of the necessary packaging and critical documentation for development work. The advantage for West is obvious. The kit maintains or raises our profile with drug development scientists within our client organization, and it introduces our components to particular product very early in the development process. While these and other projects will have their commercial success points somewhere between 2008, we remain focused on achieving our earnings guidance, although several issues need to be taken into consideration. First, currency. Currency is lifting our revenue expectations, and with global economic conditions in a state of flux, it seems unlikely that the Euro will resume our former planned estimate of $1.40, which was embedded in our earlier guidance. We are now estimating that the currency will have a more positive impact on sales and are raising that target accordingly. Bill will discuss this in some detail during his commentary. Secondly, the impact of the revenue loss from ESA drugs is expected to be at the high end of our previously announced range. The size of the ESA issue has increased because of changes in forecast from intermediaries, that is contract fillers and integrated device sellers who provide components to the several ESA product companies around the world. Unfortunately, we don't have as much of the visibility as we might like into those inventories and supply lines. While none of this is written in stone, we do feel constrained to maintain guidance within the earlier range at this stage in order to allow for possible changes and order patterns later this year. Overall, 2008 is off to a solid start, and we remain on target to achieve our full-year performance targets. Looking at the longer term, our primary drivers remain intact, and our ongoing investments, and capacity and innovation, continue to set the stage for continued growth into the foreseeable future. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Bill for his comments on our financials. Bill?
Bill Federici: Thank you, Don, and good morning, everyone. As indicated in this morning's press release, West reported first quarter 2008 income from continuing operations of $26.2 million, or $0.76 per diluted share. Our reported earnings this quarter include a net-after-tax benefit of $1.3 million for the combined effects of a $1 million unfavorable restructuring charge incurred in our tech group, a favorable $1.3 million gain from a contract settlement we reached with our customer Nektar, and a $1.1 million discrete tax benefit, principally relating to a retroactive reduction of our Singapore tax rate. Excluding the net positive effect of these three items on current period earnings, first quarter 2008 earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.72 per diluted share, versus last year's first quarter earnings of $0.77 per diluted share. There were no charges or benefits outside our normal or operating results in our first quarter 2007 results. However, the $0.77 2007 first quarter included $0.16 of income related to the lost sales of Nektar Exubera devices, anemia drug components, and disposable medical device components. The company's consolidated sales in the quarter were $270.7 million, a 5.1% increase over first quarter 2007 sales. Excluding exchange effects, consolidated sales declined by 1.2%, versus is the prior-year quarter. At $207.5 million, our [in-systems] first quarter sales were 8.4% above first quarter 2007 first quarter sales, with all but seven-tenth of a percentage point of the increase due to currency effect.  The modest growth was as expected, and was due to an $11 million decline in sales of high value components for ESA drugs used to anemia, cancer, and dialysis patients, and also to the company's decision to discontinue manufacturing certain blood collection system components in Europe. These items serve to reduce year-over-year segment sales growth by 5.8% points. Saying it another way, Q1 2008 pharma system sales grew 6.9%, excluding the lost sales and excluding exchange effects. This growth rate for the quarter is in line with our estimates of how favorable market trends are continuing to drive our sales growth in line with our long-term expectations. The tech group segment generated sales of $66.4 million in the quarter, 5.9% below sales in the prior year quarter excluding exchange. Tech sale decline was largely due to the loss of sales of Nektar of the inhalable insulin device, prompted by a Pfizer's fourth quarter decision to discontinue marketing efforts for Exubera. In the first quarter of 2007, sales to Nektar were $9.9 million, hence first quarter 2008 sales growth was approximately 10% over the 2007 first quarter if you exclude the 2010 Nektar sales and exchange effects.  To partially offset the Nektar sales loss were price increases and increased demand for several specific customer products, including IV and blood filter products, components used in an intranasal allergy treating delivery system, an insulin pen delivery device, and the SpoutPak juicing packaging closure. Looking at margins, consolidated gross profit margins for the quarter were 30.8%, compared to the 31.2% margins we achieved in the first quarter of 2007. The loss Nektar, anemia, and disposable medical device sales represent a 1-margin point drop in consolidated gross margin. Gross margins in the pharma systems segment were 36.1%, 1.5 percentage points lower than in last year's first quarter, with most of the decline coming in the North America unit. The margin decline primarily reflects the impact of a less favorable sales mix, and increased manufacturing expenses and plant overhead costs in support of expanding manufacturing capacities. Increased sales prices in the segment partially offset the effect of increased raw material, labor, overhead, and utility costs. In the tech group, margins increased over the prior year quarter by 7/10 of a margin point to 12.9%. Increased activity within our tooling and engineering facilities, and a decrease in plant overhead costs, stemming from our restructuring effort, more than offset an overall decline in product mix related to the loss of the Exubera device. Our first quarter 2007 R&D spending increased by $1.8 million over first quarter 2007, due to increased development activities, mostly associated with systems utilizing the Daikyo's Crystal Zenith polymer, and on an advanced injecting system, using technology acquired in the first quarter of 2007. Consolidated SG&A expenses increased by $3.1 million, or 8% in the quarter versus the prior-year quarter. The increase was primarily due to higher director and officer stock-based compensation expense, due to the increase in the company's stock price in the quarter, versus the decline in the 2007 first quarter, the impact of higher IP spending, and the impact of foreign exchange. SG&A cost increases were partially offset by a variety of expense reductions, including the recovery of a prior-period bad debt write-off and lower asset amortization costs.  As a percentage of sales, first quarter 2008 SG&A expenses at 14.8%, were 0.4% higher than first quarter 2007 sales levels. Excluding the impact of higher stock prices on incentive compensation expense, Q1 2008 SG&A expenses, as a percentage of sales, were 13.9% versus 14.3% for the first quarter of 2007. As I mentioned previously, our reported results also include the continuing effect of our restructuring plan for the tech group segment, approved by our board of directors in December. The plan was developed to align our manufacturing capacity and workforce with the business's current outlook. The total cost of the restructuring plan is now estimated at $9 million to $10.5 million, down from earliest estimates, and includes charges for severance obligations, the write-down of redundant assets, and lease and contract termination costs. $1 million of the restructuring charges were recorded in the first quarter of '08, in addition the $3.4 million we recorded in the first quarter of 2007. The remaining charges will be taken throughout 2008, as we complete customer transition and equipment transfer requirements. We also recognized a $1.3 million gain in the quarter, related to a contract settlement we reached with Nektar, our customer for the Exubera device. Under the terms of the agreement, Nektar is to provide for the full reimbursement of our investment and materials, facilities, equipment, and personnel associated with the continuing operation and eventual shutdown of the Exubera production facility. In the first quarter, the payments we received from Nektar, more than offset the cost of operating the facility, resulting in a $1.3 million gain. In April, Nektar advised us that they no longer require us to maintain their facility. Final settlement payments were received in April, and are expected to more than offset the anticipated remaining costs. Net interest expense was $800,000 higher in the 2007 first quarter, mostly due to higher debt levels associated with our convertible debt, which we issued toward the end of last year's first quarter. As such, interest expense was incurred, very minimal, interest expense was incurred in first quarter of 2007. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 24.2%, which includes $1.1 million in discrete tax benefits, mostly relating to the retroactive reduction of our income tax rate in Singapore. Our annual effective tax rate for 2008, excluding discrete tax items, is currently estimated at 27.3%. Our affiliates produced a $100,000 loss for the quarter, $600,000 the $500,000 in equity income we generated the prior year first quarter. The 2008 first quarter results included West's share of the demolition and disposal costs related with a plant shutdown. Our balance sheet remains strong, and our business continues to provide necessary liquidity. The company's cash balance at March 31, was $93.6 million, down $15 million from year-end, primarily due to the payment of tax obligations in Brazil, and increased working capital requirements. Working capital totaled $264 million at March 31. Debt at March 31, was $417.5 million, and our net debt to total invested capital ratio at quarter end was 38.6%, 1.7% higher than at year-end. We incurred capital expenditures of $22.8 million in the first quarter, with more than two-thirds of the capital focused on IP our initiatives and new product and expansion activities, mostly for our pharmaceutical systems, North America, Europe, and Asia capacity expansion. In summary, we experienced another solid operating quarter. Looking ahead, our order backlog at March 31 remains strong at $267 million, $5 million plus, higher than our year-end backlog of $253 million, excluding exchange effects. Considering the continuing sales challenges we're encountering, we now expect full-year sales of $1.08 billion.  Consolidated gross margins are expected to approximate 29.5%, and we expect 2008 adjusted earnings per diluted share, excluding restructuring costs, to be between $2.40 and $2.50 per diluted share, assuming an exchange rate of $1.50 per Euro. Included in our EPS estimate is an adverse impact of $0.41, representing a loss sales for Nektar, anemia drug components, and disposable medical device components, partially offset by the favorable currency effect of the weak US dollar of $0.18. Adjusting for the lost sales and currency impacts would result in an increase in estimated of year-over-year sales of 7.5%, and EPS growth of 13 plus %. We project full-year sales in the pharmaceutical segment of $830 million to $840 million, up from earliest estimates, and expect to achieve full-year gross margins of 34% for the year. To achieve these margin levels, we're counting on price increases and on deriving additional lean savings in our Europe and America units to offset raw material price increases, wage increases, and higher overheads in depreciation expenses. Tech group's gross margins are now expected to reach 13.5%, an improvement of 1.2 margin points over 2007 margins, on sales of approximately $260 million to $270 million, which includes $15 million of intracompany sales, eliminated in consolidation. With the gross margin improvement due to lean savings, cost reductions from our restructuring, and a return to normalized margins at our Michigan facility. We continue to expect that full-year capital expenditures will be approximately $145 million at current exchange rates, including the establishment of a plastic manufacturing facility in China, for which ground breaking occurred in January. As we've indicated previously, much of the capital will be expended for needed, added capacity to meet increasing customer demands for key products at various locations around the globe. I would now like to turn the call back over to Don Morel. Don?
Don Morel: Thanks very much, Bill. This concludes our prepared remarks for this morning. We'd now be pleased to take any questions that you might have. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. First question comes from Arnie Ursaner from CJS Securities.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: Hi. Good morning, Don.
Don Morel: Good morning, Arnie.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: Most of my questions relate to gross margin. I know you renegotiate most or many of your contracts at year-end. We've been through unprecedented increases in raw material costs. I'm trying to evaluate your 34% pharma systems margin to get a feel for if you believe you have fully recovered your raw material costs and if you are changing the way you perhaps structure your contracts, given the volatility around some of the raw materials.
Don Morel: We really didn't restructure, the way we do the contracts. We still have the adjusters in for all the agreements that have been completed. And the ones we discussed last year, they are all done and signed, except for one, where we're going on an order basis while we finalize a couple of the terms. So far for this year, our purchase price variance on raw materials has been slightly favorable on the Elastomer side of the business, because our supply agreements with our suppliers. The area where we're running the biggest negative variances is on plastic resins, actually flowing through the tech-side of the business. But because of the pass-through nature of those agreements, we've actually recovered more than 90% of the raw material costs that we've seen. The short answer rather, is we're recovering the majority of those costs under the terms of the agreements that we have with our tech customers for plastic resins. So far so good on the Elastomer side of the business, but it's something we're watching very closely through the year obviously, with oil where it is.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: Okay. And again, a lot of your customers shut their plants on Easter, which occurred in Q1 this year, occurred in Q2 last year, and you've also been running a lot of overtime to deal with plant inefficiencies as you ramp up capacity. Can you give us an update on those two items, plus specifics, can you give us an update on the negative hit you may have taken in Grand Rapids and what you think you'll hit for the current year?
Don Morel: Starting from the end and working backwards, we still had a slight negative hit from Grand Rapids in the first quarter. We're working our way through that. The major lines for the customer are coming online. One major line is now up and running smoothly, which will have a dramatic improvement there. We expect the other lines to come in the second and third quarters. We do believe by end of the year, we should be running positively for Grand Rapids.
Bill Federici: Each month has been progressively less of a loss than the month before, Arnie.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: What was the loss in the quarter?
Bill Federici: It was $600,000.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: And again, regarding Easter and plant inefficiencies and overtime, how much of a margin impact do you think that had in Q1 for you?
Bill Federici: The Easter impact, it is there. You're absolutely right. There are less days to sell, but that was not a dramatic fact in first quarter. The impact of inefficiencies, yes, they do continue, because we are continuing the plant expansions. We don't quantify it exactly; but in the previous quarters, it's been running around $1 million or so per quarter, and that's not an unreasonable estimate for the current quarter.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: Okay.
Don Morel: That should come down as we progress through the year. Remember, sequentially the new capacities will come online through the end of the year and the beginning of '09. We expect to see that ramp down.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: Don, I was a little confused by your comments (inaudible) Maybe you can clarify that. In your prepared published comments, you speak about potential recovery the back half of the year, and you thought customers might not take more product as the year went on. But I thought you heard in the presentation indicate that you thought they would have less contribution from ESA. Just clarify your view of how ESA will play out for the year.
Don Morel: Yes. There's King of two parts to it. I think you nailed it there. There was another ODAC meeting that King of changed the reimbursement guidelines for certain indications again. We're very comfortable with our prior guidance, as it relates to the materials that we sell directly to the producers of those drugs, and we've taken that into account in our guidance. What we're seeing is a little uncertainty, which we think will continue through the end of the year in the downstream suppliers, that is, where our customers actually ship bulk product to contract fillers, whether it's a vile or a pre-filled syringe, and to some of the producers where these drugs might go into a finished system. That's where we don't have a whole lot of visibility into the pipeline. We're just hedging our bets a little bit for the end of the year. As you know, when we get to the September, October, November timeframe, we see changes in order patterns that are harder to predict.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: Two more clarifications if I can. On CZ, you indicated you are going to introduce it in Europe. But introducing means you'll have a product that your customers can test. Just as a are minder, I'm assuming you're not implying or hinting any revenue expectations for the foreseeable future?
Don Morel: There will be a modest amount, simply because of the selling of the samples, but you're exactly right. The first part of the launch process is the sampling for them to do the necessary stability and line trials.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: And typically, what will the incremental cost be to a customer who does decide to use this product versus the traditional measure?
Don Morel: I'm not sure we've got a good gauge on that yet, because it depends on the attributes that the customer requests in the system. Some of them are going to take the CZ barrel on its own, assemble the plunger and the plunger rod, along with sterilizing or Westarring it. It's going to depend specifically on the attributes of the product. From a gross margin standpoint to us, in terms of the selling price, it's going to be one of the higher items in our portfolio.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: Okay. Very last quick final question, Lexington Rubber Products went into bankruptcy. They at least have a tiny overlap of business with you on the more mundane stoppers. Do you see opportunities there?
Don Morel: We've looked carefully at them in the past. They actually compete with us on only one item, which is an IV component that goes into line systems for intravenous administration. It's probably business we can pick up through bidding, because we supply some of those now, as opposed to an outright purchase of that part of their business.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: Thank you very much.
Don Morel: Thanks Arnie.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Taylor of C.L. King.
Ross Taylor - C.L. King & Associates: Hi. Can you all hear me okay? I'm on my --
Don Morel: Yes. You're fine.
Ross Taylor - C.L. King & Associates: I think most of my questions were actually answered, but maybe just two or three brief ones. Don, I don't know if you can expand at all in regards to the ESA drug? My expectation would be that you really receive minimal revenues from those in the first half of the year and get some in Q3 and Q4, and is that still the right thing to look at things? Or is the revenues there been pushed out even farther towards the back-end of the year?
Don Morel: I think that's the right way to look at it. If anything, you will probably see a little bit of slippage into the fourth quarter. But right now, everything that we're hearing and seeing indicates that the orders will start to return at that point. The only other clarification I would add is that if you look at the scripts for the ESA drugs, and look at the impact that the reimbursement guidelines have had on those sales, clearly our unit volume was not going to return to the historically high levels of '06 and '07. But we do expect to see some return to a more normalized level. But again, looking at the fourth quarter and beyond.
Ross Taylor - C.L. King & Associates: Okay. And another question. With regard to the benefit foreign currencies are having on revenues, does much or any of that actually flow down to the earnings line?
Bill Federici: Yes, it does Ross. In the first quarter, we had a $3.8 million dollar positive impact to operating profit.
Ross Taylor - C.L. King & Associates: Okay. And last question relates to the CZ product. Are there any particular things you think are driving the higher interest levels in that product than it sounds like you've previously expected?
Don Morel: I think really, it's King of an enhanced sense of urgency on the part of the major producers, because of the silicone issue. Any visible particulate in the drug substance itself is clearly cause for concern, and when silicone oil causes a conglomeration of the proteins, as we talked about during the investor day, you can visibly see that precipitate in the drug solution. To the producers, it means very substantial cost savings, because they can reduce the amount of drugs that they put in. They don't have to account for this drug loss through the contamination. We think it's going to have tremendous potential downstream.
Ross Taylor - C.L. King & Associates: Okay. That's great. Thanks very much.
Don Morel: Thanks Ross.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Arnie Ursaner from CJS Securities, your line is open.
Bill Federici: Arnie, we can't hear you if you're asking a question. Operator, is his line open?
Operator: Yes. Please check your mute button.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: Is this better?
Bill Federici: Now, we can hear you. You're very faint, Arnie.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: You mentioned recovery of bad debt write-offs. Can you quantify that, please?
Bill Federici: A small item, about $300,000 in the quarter.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: Okay. And the benefits you're getting back from Nektar, I assume we just subtract that out when we look at your segment margin in tech group?
Bill Federici: Yes.
Arnie Ursaner - CJS Securities: Okay. I think that's it for me. Thank you.
Don Morel: Thanks Arnie.
Operator: We have no further questions.
Don Morel: Thanks very much, operator. And thanks to everyone for your time this morning. 2008 is off to a good start, and we look forward to speaking with you again in early August to discuss our second quarter results. Thank you again for your time today.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-21 12:15:00) =====
Executives: Theresa Kelleher - IR Don Morel - Chairman and CEO Bill Federici - CFO Mike Anderson - Treasurer and Primary IR Contact
Analysts: Larry Solow- CJS Securities Robert Gilliam - UBS Steven Postal - Lehman Brothers Jonathan Reichek - Friedberg Investment Management
Operator: Welcome to the West Pharmaceutical Services fourth quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions). Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I will turn the meeting over to Ms. Theresa Kelleher from FD. Ma'am, you may begin.
Theresa Kelleher: Thank you. Good morning everyone and welcome to the West Pharmaceutical Services' fourth quarter 2007 results conference call. As you know, we issued our results this morning. The release has been posted on the company's website located at www.westpharma.com. If you have not received a copy of this announcement, please call FD at 212-850-5600 and a copy will be sent to you immediately. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that certain statements that may be made by management of the company may contain forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements set forth anticipated results based on management's plans and assumptions. Such statements give our current expectations or forecasts of future events. They do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. In particular, these include statements concerning future actions, future performance or results of current and anticipated products, sales efforts, expenses, the outcome of contingencies such as legal proceedings and financial results. We have tried, wherever possible, to identify such statements by using words such as "estimate", "expect", "intend", "believe", "plan", "anticipate", and other words and terms of similar meaning in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance or conditions. We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realized. If unknown or known risks or uncertainties materialize, or if underlying assumptions are inaccurate, actual results could differ materially from past results and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. For a nonexclusive list of those factors, which could cause actual results to differ from expectations, please refer to the factors listed in today's press release. Investors are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures the company makes on related subjects in the company's 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. This call is being recorded on behalf of West Pharmaceutical Services' and is copyrighted material. It cannot be re-recorded or rebroadcast without the company's expressed permission. Your participation on this call implies your consent to our taping. Once management has concluded their remarks, we will open the floor for questions. At this time, I would now like to turn the call over to Dr. Don Morel, Chairman and CEO.
Don Morel: Thank you, Theresa, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking time to join our call today. As Theresa mentioned, I am joined by our Chief Financial Officer, Bill Federici and also by Mike Anderson, our Treasurer and primary Investor Relations contact. As you will note from the level of detail in this morning's release, 2007 was simultaneously a challenging and a record setting year for the company. Before I comment on the year and our outlook for 2008, I would like to extend a note of thanks to West employees around the globe for achieving a major company milestone, surpassing the $1 billion sales mark for the first time in the company's 85 year history. Starting with that $1 billion top line 2007 was a very good year, especially on the heels of the tremendous 2006 where earnings increased over 35% compared with 2005. In 2007, we started the year with a record first quarter; where we earned $0.77 per share and landed with a very good fourth quarter earning $0.51 per share, excluding one time charges. Surpassing a very strong 2006 fourth quarter. Overall fourth quarter 2008 earnings grew just under 20% compared with the fourth quarter of 2007. We delivered record net income of $70.7 million and excluding the Tech's restructuring and some unusual tax items, posted earnings of $2.37 per fully diluted share, a number just over the high end of our original guidance for the year. As I indicated previously these accomplishments would not have been possible without the collective efforts of a lot of people in our various operations around the world. This morning's release provides a detailed discussion of our financial results, which Bill will review in just a few minutes. However in a nutshell, the last twelve months reaffirm several characteristics of our business that we often highlight during our calls. First, we sell our components in the markets for critical therapeutic products that continue to grow very nicely. During 2007 West's consolidated sales grew 11.7%. In the Pharmaceutical System segment, sales grew in excess of 15% or over 9% excluding the effects of foreign currency. That overall Pharmaceutical Systems growth is right in line with our long term expectations. Second, our success in the marketplace is in many ways linked to the success of our customer's products. While we have outlined the potential sales shortfall from Exubera and the ESA drugs in 2008, we cannot predict the market success of our customer's products, which can be impacted by a range of factors including regulatory issues, patient acceptance, clinical effectiveness and insurance reimbursement. We do know that these two products were taken individually among the largest exposures we have to any single therapeutic product and single product risk. However it is important to know that despite the significant impact of these product shortfalls on our 2008 revenues, West, will continue to grow in 2008, which clearly demonstrates the diversity, strength and relative stability of our pharmaceutical packaging business. It is also important to know that while we will not realize some repeat revenue in 2008 associated with these products, we will not lose that business to competition. We believe that we will continue to capture and expand share in our most important market segments. As 2008 begins we remain confident that we will grow sales again in 2008 in the range of 3% to 5%. When 2007 sales are normalized for the projected sales declines previously discussed our overall business would be growing in the 7% to 9% range breaking line with our longer term expectations. Simply put, the underlined strength of our primary markets remains healthy and we expect the major grow drivers discussed on previous calls to continue driving sales. These are growth in chronic diseases such as diabetes, arthritis and cancer that come with an aging population. The increasing number of biologic drugs and vaccines coming to market or in development. The growth is developing markets such as India and China, increasing cleanliness requirements for our components from global regulatory agencies and downstream growth in combination products. For management, there are four primary objectives for 2008 that will drive our performance. First, we must run our existing operations efficiently while we continue to invest in and build new capacity to meet forecasted growth. These investments along with increased R&D investment and IT platform projects will comprise the bulk of our $140 million capital spending plan this year. Second, we must complete the Tech restructuring programs to line our cost and infrastructure, not only with our existing business but also positioning that business downstream to support our four growth platforms. In addition, we fully expect our new Grand Rapids facility to be profitable by midyear, reserving the loss that occurred in 2007. Third, we expect to progress several new products from R&D to marketing and customer sampling, including the 1 ml CZ silicon free syringe a passive needle safety system and several product line extensions in our pharmaceuticals systems business in the ready-to-use format. I would like you to know that we will be providing a detailed overview of our new product initiatives in our second Investor Day which will be held in New York on March 13th. Finally, we expect gross margins to expand by 1 to 1.5 percentage points as new capacity comes on line and we operate more efficiently aided by more favorable product mix especially during the second half of the year. Turning to the expansions of our existing facilities you may recall that we are expanding multiple facilities in Europe, North America and Asia simultaneously. The Bodmin UK tool shop was completed in 2007 and is now operational, effectively reducing our lead time on critical rubber tools from approximately one year to 20 to 24 weeks. The production expansions in Europe are in schedule in Germany and Serbia where construction will be completed by midyear, and engineering and testing, and validation will be started as soon as possible thereafter. Consumer sampling will be unifying completion of the equipment validation runs. In France, we have modified our original plan in order to get an additional B2 coding line in place and have decided to delay expansion of the molding facility for a brief period. The Singapore expansion is underway and scheduled for completion in 2009. We are also increasing pharmaceutical product molding capability at our St. Austell, UK facility where we have ceased production of the disposable medical device component previously discussed. As in all of our pharmaceutical production plans, each new facility or line is subject to internal quality testing and validation, followed by customer sampling and line trials. In North America we are adding rubber compounding and pharmaceutical packaging production capacity in our Kinston, North Carolina facility. We began construction for the compounding facility in October and expect to complete construction later this year. Production of the pharmaceutical packaging components is planned to begin in 2009 with Westar capacity coming on line in 2010. We are also expanding our Clearwater Florida metals facility to ramp-up capacity in 13 and 20 millimeter overseals. That facility has been operating at 21 shifts per week for a good part of 2007. This capacity when operational later this year will provide for some much needed relief, both on the machinery infrastructure front and for our personnel. I realize there is a high level of interest in our capital plans in terms of our ability to keep up with demand and the financial impact of these assets coming online in terms of sales, operating profit and cash flow, not to mention returns on invested capital. The reality is that while we can complete building construction and equipment installation on our own schedule, eventual commercial production is a direct function of customer testing and approval. Since most of the new capacity replicates existing production lines, and although there are always technical challenges to be worked out, we do not expect significant delays in getting the facilities running to our satisfaction on schedule. The time lag between completion of internal quality tests and customer line-trials, can be as short as several weeks or in some cases as long as one year. Turning to our China project, although we have been delayed from our original timeline due to government policies on land use rights, we have broken ground in January on the plastics facility. We have been able to progress some of the softer aspects of this project and hope to get the plant built by year-end and producing by mid-2009. As the facility is intended to support a single customer, and demand from that customer for products is very high, we do not believe there is much risk of delayed approval to manufacture. Within the Tech Group, the critical success for 2008 are to complete all steps in our restructuring plan which is fully on schedule and ramp up volume in our new Grand Rapids facility. Grand Rapids alone represents the potential for an operating profit improvement over the prior year, of $6 million, where we operated two facilities in parallel as production shifted to the new plant. Due to customer proprietary, delivery devices will also begin production in the first half of 2008. All told, we anticipate improvement in Techs gross margins of approximately one percentage point over the year. Before I turn the call over to Bill, I would like to point out that quarter-to-quarter comparisons between 2007 and 2008 will be somewhat difficult, due to the effects of our Nektar, ESA packaging component sales, and the diagnostic component sales, as well as our increased R&D and IT platform spending. At this point, we believe solid organic growth in our core pharmaceutical components business coupled with a favorable shift in our product mix over the year, will more than offset revenue shortfall due to the practice previously discussed. We also believe that the combination of improved plan efficiency, tight spending controls, and pricing will enable us to improve our consolidated gross margin from 1 to 1.5 percentage points leading to full year earnings between $2.40 and $2.50 per share. I would like to reemphasize however, that while our backlog and orders patterns are very healthy, it is important to maintain a 12 month outlook on the business, due to the timing of expenditures and the shift of some anticipated demands in the second half of the year. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Bill Federici. Bill?
Bill Federici: Thank you, Don, and good morning, everyone. As indicated in this mornings press release West, reported fourth quarter 2007 income from continuing operations of $6.1 million or $0.19 per diluted share. Reported results in the quarter include the affect of $17.8 million of restructuring, asset impairments, and tax charges that were partially offset by several discreet tax benefits. Most of the charges relate to the Nektar asset impairment of $12.9 million and the implementation of the restructuring plan for the Tech Group of $3.4 million that we announced in December. Cumulatively the net charge served to reduce reported earnings in the quarter by $0.32 per diluted share. Excluding the net negative effect of these special charges, fourth quarter 2007 earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.51 per diluted share $0.08 better than 2006 fourth quarter earnings of $0.43 per diluted share. There were no charges or benefits outside our normal operating results, including in our fourth quarter 2006 results. The company's consolidated sales in the quarter were $256.1 million a 10.5% increase over fourth quarter 2006 sales with 5.9 percentage points due to foreign exchange. Fourth quarter sales in the Pharm System segment of $187.3 million were 14.2% above 2006 fourth quarter sales with 7.4 percentage points of the increase due to currency effects. Much of pharm systems growth in the quarter was in Europe, and was largely due to increased demand for our coated and Westar treated pharmaceutical packaging products and increased demand for our patented IV plastic cap TrimTec. Pharm systems domestic sales grew modestly with growth also driven by continuing increased demand for packaging components using our advance quoted treatments and our Westar process, and demand for pre-filled injection system components. Sales of component using customer's anemia drugs were $1.3 million less in Q4 2007 than Q4 2006. The Tech Group Segment generated sales of $71.1 million in the quarter approximately equal to our prior year fourth quarter sales. Nektar Exubera device sales were $5.4 million in Q4 2007 versus $8.9 million in Q4 2006. Consolidated gross profit margins for the fourth quarter were 27.5% compared to the 28.7% margins we achieved in the fourth quarter of 2006. Gross margins in the Pharm Systems segment were 33.2%, eight-tenths of a percentage point lower than in last year's fourth quarter. The margin decline stems primarily from the impact of a favorable mix price and volume more than offset by increased labor and production inefficiencies and higher manufacturing expenses in Europe due to high production demands. As we explained in our last call margins will continue to be under some pressure in the near term due to our need to run certain plants at or above capacity pending the completion of our capacity expansion projects. In Tech Group, margins decreased over the prior year quarter by 3.6% margin points to 11.7%. The decline resulted largely from less Exubera device sales, which carry a 33% margin and the incremental plant overhead costs incurred with the transition to our new Michigan facility. Tech's margins are expected to improve in 2008 as utilization at the Michigan facility increases. Michigan facility inefficiencies reduced gross profit by approximately $1.7 million or 2.3 margin points in Q4 and $6 million for the full year versus the prior year. Consolidated SG&A expenses decreased by $2.1 million or 5% in the quarter versus the prior year quarter. The decrease was primarily due to lower director and officer stock based compensation expense due to the decline in the fourth quarter of the company's stock price versus the strong increase in Q4, 2006.  Lower incentive compensation expenses and lower cost associated with the company's US pension plan. SG&A cost decreases were partially offset by the impact of foreign exchange, increased comp cost, mostly in the foreign systems segment relating to the headcount additions in support of our growth programs and annual merit salary increases. And increased outside service cost which was mostly related to our information systems development activities. As a percentage of sales, fourth quarter 2007, SG&A expenses at 15.5% were 2.5 percentage points lower than the fourth quarter 2006 levels. Excluding the favorable SG&A impacted stock price decline on compensation expense in Q4, SG&A expenses as a percentage of sales were one percentage point lower than Q4 2006. Our reported Q4 results also include the effects of our Tech segment restructuring plan. The plan was developed to align our manufacturing capacity and workforce with the businesses' current outlook, considering our customers current changing marketing plans. The total cost of the restructuring plan is estimated to be approximately $12 million and includes charges for severance obligations for approximately 250 employees, the write-down of redundant assets and leasing contract termination cost. $20.4 million of these restructuring charges were reported in the fourth quarter and the remaining estimated $8.6 million charge will be taken throughout 2008, as we complete customer transition and equipment transfer requirements. We should remember that, that $8.6 million is excluded from our 2008 guidance. Those restructuring plans are proceeding relatively close to our original timeframe and estimates about the expenses and we continue to expect $3 million of savings from the restructuring efforts in 2008, $7 million per year thereafter. We also reported a $12.9 million impairment charge to our Nektar contracted tangible asset related to Pfizers decision to discontinue marketing Exubera. This month we signed a settlement agreement with Nektar, covering reimbursement of certain expenses and assets associated with our dedicated Exubera production facility. As part of that agreement they have made a payment to us covering our severance and inventory costs and the first of monthly payments, to maintain the production facility. In addition, they will make future payments covering our outstanding accounts receivable any future lease termination cost, additional severance, fixed asset charges and monthly charges for maintaining the production facility for a period of up through December 31st, 2008. Reported results for the quarter also included a pretax charge of $1.5 million representing our final assessment of our tax liability for certain disputed taxes in Brazil. No further reserves are expected regarding these Brazilian tax matters. Tax expense for the quarter includes a $1.7 million discreet prior year tax benefit, related to the expanded use of allowable tax credits, the lowering of some state taxes reserves and the effect of a statutory rate change. Our balance sheet is strong and our business continues to provide necessary liquidity. The companys cash balance at December 31st, was $108.4 million and we had approximately $22 million in short-term investments. Our cash is more than double the cash we held at prior year-end, due mostly to the proceeds from the debt offering we concluded in early 2007. In the fourth quarter, we used $11.2 million of our cash to repurchase 289,000 shares of our common stock at an average price of $38.56 per share. Working capital totaled $229.4 million at December 31st, greater than $100 million or more than at the prior year-end also mostly due to the debt offering. Debt at December 31 was $395.1 million and our net debt to total invested capital ratio at year-end was 36.9%, 5.8 percentage points higher than at the prior year-end with most of the increase due to our $39.4 million stock buyback. Operating cash flow was $59.3 million for the quarter ended December 31s and we incurred capital expenditures of $60.4 million in the fourth quarter, with more than 50% of the capital focused on new product and expansion activities, mostly for our pharmaceutical systems, Europe and Asia capacity expansions. We continued to invest our expansion capital to support demand growth in our high value, high margin products. CapEx for the year 2007 was $129.4 million including $35 million for Europe, $10 billion for China, $10 million for the Tech Michigan facility, and $12 million for IT systems. Approximately $50 million was for normal maintenance activities. In summary, we experienced another solid operating quarter which capped off a very successful 2007. Looking ahead, the fundamental positive demographics and market growth trends for our business remain unchanged. Our order backlog at December 31st remained strong at $253 million, slightly higher than last year's $250 million. The current backlog does not include any anemia drug component orders expected to be filled in 2008. Our capital expenditures are expected to approximate $148 million during 2008 reflecting continuing spending on normal maintenance activities, finalizing our Europe expansions, the majority of our China plastics spend and spending on US pharma packaging manufacturing capacity, as well as additional spending on IT system upgrades. As you know, we do not provide guidance for any interim period. However, quarterly comparisons to prior year will be impacted by a number of unfavorable factors, including the $50 million to $60 million of 2007 sales of Exubera device, anemia drug components and disposable diagnostic components, increasing R&D expenses and IT systems upgrade continue to increase in costs associated with operating our plants above normal capacity as well as the impact of 2007 decline stock prices and comp expense. These are expected to impact more heavily upon the first half of 2008. The $50 million to $60 million of Exubera, anemia drug and diagnostic device component sales impacted gross profits in 2007 as follows. Quarter one $6.5 million, quarter two $5.5 million, quarter three $4 million, quarter four $3 million. I would now like to turn the call back over to Don Morel. Don?
Don Morel: Thanks very much, Bill. This concludes our commentary for this morning and we will now be pleased to answer any questions that you might have. Operator?
Operator: (Operators instructions) And our first question comes from Arnie Ursaner of CJS Securities.
Larry Solow- CJS Securities: Good morning. This is actually Larry Solow calling in for Arnie Ursaner.
Don Morel: Good morning, Larry.
Bill Federici: Good morning 
Larry Solow: Good morning. Just a couple of quick questions, first in regards to the gross margin, can I assume that Grand Rapids was will still be impacting, I assume the first half of the year, you probably make up that $6 million year-over-year number from '07 to '06 sorry -- we made up in '08 I assume?
Bill Federici: The $6 million will be made up in '08. 
Larry Solow - CJS Securities: Okay.
Bill Federici: You believe that, but it will impact heavier in this -- the negative impact will be heavier in the first half than the second half. Say in another way the positives will be more heavily in the second half of the year.
Larry Solow - CJS Securities: Okay. So, then looking at '09 you should have a net-net positive, I assume?
Bill Federici: Absolutely.
Larry Solow - CJS Securities: Great and then can you just talk a little bit about current renegotiations or contracts that are -- and is there are you getting -- are you seeing price increases that was sufficient to cover rising material costs especially with oil getting a second leg up?
Don Morel: We are getting pricing and the agreements that we've negotiated for the most part. We are getting pricing on orders that are not troubled by long-term contracts. There are contracts in the device sector, where in exchange for longer-term commitments, we have given some price concessions, but those have been moderate. Pricing on its own probably will not be enough to offset raw material price increases, but through efficiencies in the plant through our lien program and through other costs saving initiatives. We believe that energy, raw materials and labor are going to be offset for the full year for the most part. In terms of the contracts themselves, we finalized I believe its five contracts over the course of 2007, two in Europe, three in United States. We've recently concluded our major contracts with Becton Dickinson, which will cover supply for the next five years.
Larry Solow - CJS Securities: Okay, great. And then just last question you mentioned that about 25% increase in R&D costs and then $5 million higher IT costs. First of all those IT costs that you've mentioned the $5 million is that an operating expense?
Bill Federici: It is, yes. That is an operating expense.
Larry Solow - CJS Securities: Okay, great. And then I assume
Bill Federici: Associated with the SAP adoption and shop floor systems upgrades in the US.
Larry Solow - CJS Securities: Okay. And then you kind of have an expected return on these investments?
Bill Federici: For IT you don't normally get the returns in terms of a traditional ROIC. What you do is you have, you have systems that are old legacy systems that require huge amount of maintenance and require huge amount of time and effort just to keep them up, up to speed. No less then at some point in time that the vendors stop supporting them. So it is the absolute right thing for us to do to be upgrading these systems and we do expect that we'll have efficiencies going forward from the fact that we will be getting better data in a more timely manner.
Don Morel: That's (inaudible).
Larry Solow - CJS Securities: Okay. Thank you very much.
Don Morel: Thank you.
Bill Federici: You are welcome.
Operator: Okay our next question comes from Robert Gilliam of UBS. You may ask your question.
Robert Gilliam - UBS: Hi. Good morning.
Bill Federici: Good morning, Rob.
Don Morel: Good morning, Rob.
Robert Gilliam - UBS: So a couple of questions, I guess first just sort of you said in the press release I think your FX assumptions was 1.4?
Don Morel: Yes.
Robert Gilliam - UBS: For 2008, so that obviously is a little below where the current rates are. So I guess one how do you come up with that and is it safe to assume that especially your guidance is baking in a little bit of a currency drag?
Bill Federici: Well, in terms our guidance you're absolutely right. The 140 is what we baked in. I certainly dont know where currencies are going to go long-term. We are trying to predict what this is going to have an impact over the entire year. We do know you are absolutely right Rob that the dollar is a little weaker then that right now. We anticipate that and we are getting input from professionals that suggested it will strengthen, the dollar will strengthen as the year goes on. So we believe that $40 represents our best guess at this point in time.
Robert Gilliam - UBS: Okay. But just to make sure I am thinking about it correctly, if it does remain at current levels then that actually would imply that there is upside to your guidance?
Bill Federici: Yes it does Rob.
Robert Gilliam - UBS: Okay, great. And then, as far as the Tech Group and I know you talked about it a little bit, but the margin expansion there, are you looking for some year-over-year margin expansion. Can you just walk us through how you get from, 11.7% in 4Q '07, increasing throughout the year, and I understand that Michigan obviously as that comes through the year, going to see a positive impact, but that's going to be offset by some pretty high margins in Exubera, which aren't going to be there. So I was wondering if you could just give some more details on that?
Don Morel: Yeah, it's a combination of things, Rob. The major impact is going to come from the fact that Grand Rapids by the end of the year is going to be basically up and running with the major programs there. It is a big pick-up not having to run two facilities at once when we were transferring the existing molds in Grand Rapids into the new facilities. Simultaneously we were trying to ramp up the new production lines. The second area is that we have taken a significant amount of cost out of the system as it relates to engineering and tooling support, which was there for anticipated programs which didnt materialize. So, we have taken quite a bit out on the cost side, when you combine that with Grand Rapids, we think it's probably going to give us a percentage point over the full year.
Robert Gilliam - UBS: Okay, and then as far as the Grand Rapids, does that all hit the gross margin line or would some of that split between the SG&A line also?
Bill Federici: Most of it, it was in the gross profit line. But you are right there is a slight amount that would hit in SG&A, very little. And just one other point about this, the other thing you remember about Tech is we are projecting that the top line will go down slightly. So that will help the margin as well.
Robert Gilliam - UBS: Got you, okay. And you mentioned for the anemia drugs that your backlog does not include any orders but does your revenue forecast, what is it assumed for; one, anemia drugs and then two if anything for Exubera?
Bill Federici: We have zero in there for Exubera and for anemia drugs we are assuming approximately half of what we had last year which is about $7 million in sales.
Robert Gilliam - UBS: Okay. And could you just repeat the numbers I think Bill, right at the end of your prepared remarks?
Bill Federici: The affect on the quarter is from the three, the Exubera, anemia drugs, and the device components?
Robert Gilliam - UBS: Yes.
Bill Federici: Yeah. For the first quarter it was and these are '07 gross profit numbers.
Robert Gilliam - UBS: Okay.
Bill Federici: Q1 they were $6.5 million, Q2 $5.5 million, Q3 $4 million, and Q4 $3 million.
Robert Gilliam - UBS: Okay. And then as far as the IT costs, is that going to be pretty spread throughout the year or is that also going to be kind of front end weighted?
Bill Federici: They are pretty well ratable over the year Rob.
Robert Gilliam - UBS: Okay. All right, I'll hop out, and let somebody else take a chance. Thanks, guys.
Bill Federici: Thanks, Rob.
Don Morel: Thanks, Rob.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And our next question comes from Steven Postal of Lehman Brothers. You may ask your question.
Steven Postal - Lehman Brothers: Thanks, and good morning, Don, Bill, and Mike.
Don Morel: Hey, good morning, Steven.
Bill Federici: Good morning, Steven.
Steven Postal - Lehman Brothers: To just start out Don, I think you made a comment about France delaying some of the capacity expansion there. Did you say that, that was one of your rubber facilities, and could you just go into maybe the decision why you delayed the expansion?
Don Morel: Yeah, there actually are a couple of things there, Steven. It is a rubber facility; it's one of our major rubber facilities that focus on pharmaceutical products with regards to Westar capability and as high end products. There we re two reasons for the delay, actually a couple of reasons. One, we decided that we needed a little bit more D2 capacity so we decided to modify the design a little bit and make room for an additional line, which kind of resulted in an extension of getting the permits that we needed from the local authorities, so that delayed us a little bit. We've got a little bit of a delay just associated with the ordering of the machine itself, which is fairly complicated and actually originates in Japan. The other factor is kind of an odd one, Le Nouvion is somewhat of an agricultural region of France towards the Belgium border and one of our major customers has decided to build an enormous production facility about half an hour way from where we are located, which has taken in a great deal of the regional resources as it relates to construction. So between what we're going to do with the UK facility, pushing as hard as we can to get the expansion done in Germany and Eschweiler, which is a sister plant to the France plant, we think we are going to be fine and it prudent just to make sure we got the resources to do France in the right timeframe so that's fundamentally the picture.
Steven Postal - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And then I believe you said CapEx guidance for '08 was $140 million is that correct?
Don Morel: That's correct.
Steven Postal - Lehman Brothers: And you've previously commented on kind of the capital expansion plan the next couple of years. I am sure I don't own a copy mentioned in your prepared remarks, but would it be fair to straight line that for another year or two?
Don Morel: It's going to be up and down a little bit part of the issue is simply timing. The number that we gave for 2007 was roughly about $130 million which included getting the China plastic facility of the ground in January of last year that obviously didnt happen, so the capital in effect was just being carried over in to 2008. So you are going to see a situation were timing is going to affect us on a couple of things, but on a constant exchange rate basis a number in the 130 range is probably going to be pretty good for the next couple of years.
Steven Postal - Lehman Brothers: Through 2010 is right.
Don Morel: That's what we've previously discussed, yeah.
Steven Postal - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And Bill did you mention the growth rate
Steven Postal - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And Bill did you mention the growth rate in pharm systems domestic versus international?
Bill Federici:  I did not mention them. They were slightly higher in Europe than they were domestically. So, not appreciably different, but slightly higher in Europe.
Steven Postal - Lehman Brothers:  Okay. I guess in the context of raw material cost, I know this is been now a discussion for few years now, I thought that you all had these automatic adjusters in both components of the business, that have exposure to plastic and rubber. Is it that as you are renewing the contract, there is a little bit more sensitivity there, so you are not able to pass it through as you are renewing the contracts or is something else going on there?
Don Morel: You are absolutely right. On the plastic side of the business, it's easier to handle because most of those contracts are price at spot or have a quarterly lag. So, on the plastic side when commodity resins pickup, it is fairly quick. To my recollection all of the contracts that have recently been renewed do include a PPI or CPI adjusters because it is typically done on a 12 month lag-in basis. So, we do have the ability to recoup but timing has a great deal to do with what we can recover.
Bill Federici: And Steven, when we look at again there are multiple factors, we look at that the strong favorable mix shift that's going on, we look at lean as Don said, we look at the efficiencies in the plant in general, some volume in that price to offset the raw material and other inputs into our production systems.
Steven Postal - Lehman Brothers: Okay. So, it's sound to me like there is really no change there in terms of your ability to pass through these costs?
Bill Federici: There are -- the customers are very sensitive to price increases as they always have been and still about 50% of the business is under contract but they are still very, very sensitive to price increases.
Steven Postal - Lehman Brothers: Okay. All right, thanks a lot.
Don Morel: Thank you.
Bill Federici: You are welcome, Steve.
Operator: Okay, and our next question comes from Jonathan Reichek of Friedberg Investment Management.
Jonathan Reichek - Friedberg Investment Management: Hi, can you guys elaborate on the two new proprietary products in the Tech group?
Don Morel: We'd loved to but we are typically bound by confidentiality because we are a basically an OEM manufacturer for those customers and unfortunately our manufacturer agreements traditionally dont allow us to disclose who, what, and volumes.
Jonathan Reichek - Friedberg Investment Management: Okay, what about -- I guess beyond those, I think in the past you guys have talked about how you wanted to bring in more of the proprietary products. So can you kind of elaborate on that?
Don Morel: Yeah, that's absolutely right. One of the major goals for the business is to shift their mix to a greater percentage of proprietary products that include West IP. It's underway. We have a range of products that are based on a novel resin CZ. It was developed by our Japanese partners Daikyo, called Daikyo Crystal Zenith. A large part of our new product pipeline is based on primary containers and delivery platforms that utilize that resin and our plants currently call for the bulk of that production to go within our Tech facilities and those will be rolled out from the middle part of 2008 going forward.
Jonathan Reichek - Friedberg Investment Management: Okay, and then I have got a question on the pharma segment. It sounds like the higher margin products are growing faster and it sounds like you guys have said a lot of the expansion CapEx has gone for the higher margin products. So, I guess at some point -- I know how big it is like -- at some point should we really see gross margins start to expand in that segment?
Don Morel: Yes.
Jonathan Reichek - Friedberg Investment Management: Then actually they have been, is that likely -- I am talking of 2009? 
Bill Federici: We will see it 2008.
Don Morel: We will see it in 2008 more towards the second half of the year. And as the bulk of the capacity comes on line, which will through the early part, mid-part of 2009, you should see an uptick in margins.
Jonathan Reichek - Friedberg Investment Management: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Don Morel: Thank you. You're welcome.
Operator: At this time we have no further questions, then I would now like to turn the call back over to Dr. Don Morel.
Don Morel: Thank you very much operator. While 2008 will clearly present a number of challenges, I firmly believe that we are in a strong position to deliver another record year of sales and earnings. Furthermore, timely execution of our expansion programs, coupled with the strength of our new product pipeline, will position West for accelerated growth in 2009 and beyond. I would like to close by again inviting you to attend our second Investor Day, which will be held in New York City on Thursday, March 13th. Details can be obtained by contacting Mike Anderson here in West or surely on our website at www.westpharama.com. Thank you very much for time today.
Operator: Thank you and have a good day.
